Chapter 1921 Conflict Rises


***





 



 The Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was wildly continuing, but Fang Yuan’s group was nowhere to be found.


 Fang Yuan gave the orders to retreat so quickly, the Gu Immortals of the five regions felt as if the slaughter earlier was not real.


 "What is Fang Yuan doing?"


 "The Central Continent Refinement Path Convention is still going on, why aren’t you doing anything!"


 "You are the Little Demon Venerable, don’t bring shame to your reputation."


 The four regions’ super forces were very anxious as they complained, they wanted Fang Yuan to attack and take the role of charging into battle for them.


 But Fang Yuan, who had opposed Heavenly Court all along, went missing now, he was in hiding and could not be seen anywhere.


 The four regions’ forces were about to feel some resentment towards him, as days passed, they watched as the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention continued to advance, all sorts of refinement path elites were progressing in the competition.


 The number of test locations in Central Continent also shrunk greatly. Each area was now guarded by multiple Central Continent Gu Immortals arranged by Heavenly Court.


 In this situation, Fang Yuan ordered again, various immortals including Bai Ning Bing, Bing Yuan, and Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals took action.


 Central Continent, Xuanwu mountain range.


 "Bai Ning Bing, you have committed too much evil, you will face retribution eventually!" A female immortal from Spirit Affinity House was guarding this place, she said that before escaping.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly: "She ran really quickly."


 Xuanwu mountain range was a giant resource point of Spirit Affinity House, it had a huge area and was a publicly known immortal material treasure trove.


 "Problems will come with waiting, I should act quickly." Bai Ning Bing started to loot the place.


 Central Continent, Imprisonment Valley.


 "It’s here." Steel Rush Warrior looked around.


 Frost Butterfly Warrior came along with him: "Open!"


 Once the killer move was used, a formation appeared in front of them.


 Transformation!


 The two rank seven Gu Immortals from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven did not hesitate to use their most proficient method. One turned into a giant with bull head and human body, while the other turned into a mini butterfly person that emanated frost energy.


 As immortal killer moves were unleashed, the formation broke after resisting for a while.


 "Southern thorns, the entire valley is made of immortal materials." Steel Rush Warrior was overjoyed.


 Frost Butterfly Warrior was even more direct, freezing the southern thorns and looting them rapidly.


 Central Continent, red river beach.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals who arrived were furious.


 They were late, they only saw ruins left.


 The blazing red stones that accumulated on the beach were all taken.


 A clean sweep!


 Fang Yuan was waiting silently earlier, but once he made a move, it shocked the world.


 His Gu Immortals were almost fully deployed, even the hairy man Gu Immortals were sent out.


 These people were instructed by Fang Yuan, they did not attack the sign-up spots that were heavily guarded, they targeted the resource points with weaker defenses instead.


 Each time they broke into a resource point, these people would plunder it dry. After the plunder, they would use killer moves to completely destroy the place beyond salvation.


 At once, the whole of Central Continent was set ablaze, all sorts of large resource points were plundered and destroyed.


 Every time Fang Yuan succeeded in taking down an area, he would publish the results of his success in treasure yellow heaven.


 The five regions’ Gu Immortals went into a clamor.


 "How does Fang Yuan have so many subordinates!"


 "So many Gu Immortals, he has greatly surpassed a normal super force."


 "How much strength is he hiding?!"


 After feeling shocked, they felt envy and admiration.


 Fang Yuan’s subordinates had varying battle strength, but even the weakest Gu Immortal could succeed. For the Refinement Path Convention, Central Continent had lowered its defense of these resource points too much.


 Many powerful Gu Immortals started to think: "Since these variant human Gu Immortals can plunder successfully, why can’t I?"


 And many weaker Gu Immortals started to think: "Most of the good stuff will be taken by those experts, but I can still get the leftovers, right?"


 Thus, similar to the previous life, the four regions’ Gu Immortals could not wait anymore, especially those demonic immortals and lone cultivators.


 These people started to attack all the resource points around Central Continent.


 The situation in Central Continent fell apart rapidly.


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei had a dark expression.


 No matter how great her self-control, seeing all the information sources regarding resource points getting plundered and looted dry, she felt deep anger within her.


 "Fang Yuan..." She gritted her teeth, emitting an intense killing intent uncontrollably.


 It was this culprit who stirred everyone’s desires and made Central Continent the hunting ground of the other four regions, it was plundered casually and suffered huge losses.


 Be they Fairy Zi Wei, Duke Long, or Qin Ding Ling, they were helpless.


 Central Continent was too big, it was at the center surrounded by the other four regions as well.


 They had too few Gu Immortals, they could not send people to all the resource points, their manpower was severely lacking.


 This gave thieves and bandits a chance to strike.


 "People’s hearts have changed." Qin Ding Ling sighed.


 Duke Long was indifferent: "Sacrifices are necessary for our grand ambition. We will focus on the Refinement Path Convention, these immortal materials can be given up. Once fate Gu is repaired, we will make them pay back a thousandfold."


 Central Continent was currently being ravaged.


 Fang Yuan’s timing was too impeccable, he chose the perfect moment where Heavenly Court was increasing its defense of the Gu refinement locations, these elites could not be lost as it would severely affect Central Continent’s potential. And for the moment, their loss would be detrimental to repairing fate Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s target was also perfect.


 For example, places like Xuanwu mountain range were too huge, it naturally had low defense. As for Imprisonment Valley and red river beach, he had looted them in the previous life, he knew their layout and defensive measures.


 Together with his meticulous planning, Fang Yuan’s subordinates had a high success rate. The ease of his plunder and immense gains lured all of the other four regions’ Gu Immortals.


 The Gu Immortals of all four regions quickly moved out to target the various resource points.


 Central Continent had not given up on all their resource points, many important resource points were guarded by experts.


 At once, all sorts of battles erupted, Gu Immortals fought and the moment they found that one resource point was too hard to take down, they would wisely give up and move to the next location.


 Central Continent had so many resource points anyway, why would they be fixated on one area?


 Western Desert earth path Gu Immortal Shi Gan Dang destroyed the earth qi rock forest and obtained a large amount of round kun stones.


 Forgotten Daoist successfully stole the spirit bank spring water, even though it was defended by Ancient Soul Sect’s expert Yang Feng.


 Xiao Hu Chi, Xiao Shi Rang, and Pi Shui Han worked together and succeeded in their plunder, but because of the problem of distribution, they fought against each other.


 Central Continent was full of conflict and fighting, it was utter chaos.


 Fairy Zi Wei stayed in Heavenly Court, she felt that days were passing like years.


 Eventually, Old Man Zheng Yuan spoke: "We have gathered enough human will now, we can use the first human path killer move."


 Fairy Zi Wei was overjoyed, quickly asking him to make a move.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan nodded, he stood up shakily as a grand and vast aura surged out of his body!


 Immortal killer move — People’s United Hearts!


 The accumulated human will was expended rapidly, almost none was left.


 At the same time, Central Continent’s Gu Immortals, Gu Masters and even mortals became enveloped in a halo of light.


 The halo flashed for a moment, it was like an illusion.


 But Central Continent’s people soon found something special.


 Their hearts were connected, they could sense each other’s thoughts and emotions.


 The fear of being attacked, the sadness and hatred of having friends and family die, the worry towards one’s own life, and the aspirations towards one’s future...


 Never had Central Continent’s people been so tightly connected before in history.


 Unfettered Scholar, who was hiding in the Gu refinement location, was discovered, he managed to exact revenge and kill the Central Continent Gu Immortal who was guarding the place.


 Southern Border secluded immortal Zheng Qing was exposed too, but he had no animosity towards Central Continent or Heavenly Court, he was asked to leave politely.


 "This human path killer move, people’s united hearts, is truly amazing." Shen Shang communicated with Fang Yuan using treasure yellow heaven. His current location was unknown, Fang Yuan only knew that he had left Eastern Sea and could possibly even be in Central Continent now.


 "What did you comprehend? Can we restrict these human path killer moves?" Fang Yuan asked, he had already given all of the information regarding these human path killer moves in his memory to Shen Shang.


 Shen Shang sighed: "To negate these killer moves, the easiest way is to destroy the human will. Without human will as the foundation, these human path killer moves cannot be used. But I deduced that these human wills are kept in Heavenly Court."


 "Then what about other ways?" Fang Yuan asked.


 Shen Shang sighed again: "Then we can only unravel the killer move directly, this is very difficult, I will need a lot of time. Don’t worry, since I promised you, I will do my best. I do not want to see a complete fate Gu either."


 Fang Yuan continued to wait patiently.


 Wu Yong led the Southern Alliance immortals as they appeared on Hairy Foot Mountain.


 "Follow me, let us destroy Infallible blessed land, let’s take all the success dao marks and make Heavenly Court taste failure!" Wu Yong announced.


 "We will follow Lord Alliance Leader!!" The Southern Alliance immortals said together, they had high morale as they followed him.


 Heavenly Court immediately received news about this.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s face was grim as cold light shined in her eyes: "This Wu Yong."


 "Wu Yong has moved out. Longevity Heaven is also about to take action, it is time for me to make my move." After receiving the news, Fang Yuan smiled as he appeared near Yi Tian Mountain.



***
Chapter 1922 Southern Alliance Destroys Formation


***





 



 Myriad Year Flying Warship floated in the sky, Fang Yuan looked at the formation in front of him with a smile.


 He arrived at Yi Tian Mountain again, this time, he would definitely take all of the dream realms away.


 This timing was truly impeccable.


 Firstly, Wu Yong had led the Southern Alliance experts to infiltrate Central Continent, Southern Border was at its weakest now. Secondly, the huge battle had just started, this was likely the final period of free time for Fang Yuan.


 "Different from the previous life, I had all the initiative this time, I defeated Heavenly Court repeatedly. The secret of my rebirth is known to all, Heavenly Court must have ways to counter it. Their arrangements will be different from the previous life, I should let the four regions’ Gu Immortals strike first while I observe their new methods."


 Fang Yuan had a firm grasp of the situation.


 At this point, Fang Yuan’s rebirth advantage was mostly depleted. His previous life’s memories were not reliable against a colossal force like Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court would not be so stupid as to not make changes.


 If Fang Yuan took the lead as the vanguard, he would be stuck in endless battles, unable to get away from fighting. He might even die in the process.


 After all, Heavenly Court’s foundation was unfathomable, Fang Yuan could not be sure that the venerable methods in his memories were all the methods left behind.


 Immortal killer move — Refinement Formation Rain.


 Rain started to fall from the sky, gradually infiltrating the formation.


 There were naturally defending Gu Immortals in the formation.


 The Gu Immortals were in panic.


 The formation could not block him, the periphery had already been refined by Fang Yuan.


 Even though this formation was set up by Chi Qu You, Fang Yuan had secretly undergone dream realm transactions with him, he gained a lot of information about this formation.


 Fang Yuan’s formation path and wisdom path attainment, along with refinement formation rain, completely countered this formation.


 "This demon Fang Yuan did not attack Central Continent, he came back to Southern Border!"


 "What do I do?"


 "Seek help?"


 "Our rank eight Gu Immortals have all gone to Central Continent under the lead of Lord Wu Yong!"


 "We still need to inform them about this!"


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals conversed for a while, nobody dared to go out to fight Fang Yuan, but they had no reinforcements either. They had to use the immortal formation and add changes to it.


 The immortal formation continued to change, Fang Yuan’s speed of refining the formation became slower instantly.


 But Fang Yuan became happy internally.


 The more this formation changed, the more he could comprehend the profundity within it. With the help of the light of wisdom, he could easily understand all of these secrets.


 Within Central Continent, the Southern Alliance’s immortals had already entered the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 Wu Yong and the rest received this news.


 "What? The dream realm was attacked?"


 "That scoundrel Fang Yuan!"


 "Can he see the big picture at all? He is actually attacking us at this time?!"


 The Southern Alliance’s immortals were furious.


 Wu Yong was silent for a while before speaking: "Of course he can."


 "What does Lord Wu Yong mean?" Ba De had a livid expression. Fang Yuan’s actions were harming the benefits of all the Southern Border righteous path forces!


 Everyone knew about the value of these dream realms, furthermore, they would get more important when the great era arrives.


 Wu Yong smiled instead: "If Fang Yuan does not see the big picture, he would have attacked the dream realm long ago. He would not wait for us to go to Central Continent. Or maybe, he wants to make use of us as cannon fodder."


 "Then aren’t we sacrificing ourselves for him?" Someone asked in an indignant tone.


 "No." Wu Yong shook his head: "If fate Gu is repaired, its threat will be far greater than the otherworldly demon Fang Yuan. He has been reborn, it seems we took the initiative to attack like now in the previous life. But there is no choice, we need to attack. This is for the sake of the five regions."


 "Everyone, before we left, I already told you that our region would likely get attacked. Be they your family, friends, or our territory, all of the destruction and slaughter pale in comparison to the big picture! If Heavenly Court gains a complete fate Gu, we will all be helpless, there will be no future for anyone!"


 Wu clan said this as his eyes shined like lightning, he looked around as he declared: "This is my order, let all of the defending Gu Immortals retreat from the formation, do not make unnecessary sacrifices. I know this is a risky move, but even if my Wu clan headquarters get destroyed, I will not retract my words!"


 Wu Yong’s determination shook the hearts of all the immortals.


 They were all united now, the Southern Alliance immortals were tightly connected, they fought their way into the depths of the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 After Southern Border received Wu Yong’s orders, the defending Gu Immortals sighed in relief, they brought as many Immortal Gu as they could with them as they started to teleport away.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan refined the formation, not a single Southern Border Gu Immortal was in sight.


 After he dismantled the formation, he received an information path Gu worm, it was a letter that Wu Yong had specially written to him.


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense swept through it, looking at the content.


 The letter only had one sentence, it spoke of one viewpoint — The threat of Heavenly Court and Fate, Central Continent is strong, while the four regions are weak.


 He did not say anything about asking Fang Yuan to stop.


 "This Wu Yong..." Fang Yuan sighed to himself.


 Earlier, he was a problem for Fang Yuan, using his political skills to restrict Fang Yuan’s extortion and causing him great loss. But now, Wu Yong asked the Southern Border Gu Immortals to stop defending, he made them retreat and saved Fang Yuan a lot of effort.


 If these Southern Border Gu Immortals continued to defend, it would waste a lot of time.


 After Fang Yuan takes the dream realm, he would save a lot of time, that meant he could find trouble with the righteous path of Southern Border. Wu Yong’s orders carried lots of risk, it was a bold move.


 But Wu Yong was sure that Fang Yuan knew the big picture, he would not continue causing trouble in Southern Border.


 It was like how Fang Yuan knew Wu Yong would not come back from Central Continent to defend these territories if he attacked.


 And the truth was, Fang Yuan had no intention to find trouble with Southern Border’s righteous path at this moment.


 After some effort, Fang Yuan took away all of the dream realms here.


 Yi Tian Mountain saw the light of day again, the huge Gu Immortal battles engraved here could be seen all around the mountain, there was no sign of life here, everything had changed.


 Fang Yuan started to head to Central Continent.


 As he traveled, he transformed these dream realms into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 In the following battle, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies would be a huge force of his. In the previous life, Feng Jin Huang was able to resist the detonation of his Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, in this life, it was likely that she could do the same.


 But Feng Jin Huang was just one single mortal Gu Master. Fang Yuan had the initiative, he had several battlefields to approach.


 Heavenly Court, Central Great Hall.


 Duke Long, Fairy Zi Wei, and Qin Ding Ling watched over the situation.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan was also invited here.


 "The latest news, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals broke the first formation, they are going to the second formation. Fang Yuan appeared in Yi Tian Mountain and destroyed the formation, taking all the dream realms." Fairy Zi Wei suddenly said.


 Duke Long said grimly: "Fang Yuan will not continue causing chaos in Southern Border, he will definitely go fight in Central Continent. It seems that we need to deal with these dream realms."


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: "We are very lucky that Feng Jin Huang created the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, she can resist Fang Yuan’s dream path methods."


 Duke Long chuckled: "You think this is luck? No, this is the power of fate! Heavenly Court will not lose this battle, we cannot lose."


 At this moment, Fairy Zi Wei gasped as she showed a surprised expression: "Southern Border’s immortals have broken the second formation, they are going to the third one now."


 "So fast?" Even Qin Ding Ling was shocked.


 Within nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, the immortals had high morale.


 "Chi Qu You, good job."


 "As expected of the sole formation path great grandmaster in Southern Border!"


 "With Lord Chi Qu You around, how can any formation stop us? Hahaha."


 Just earlier, when the immortals went into the second sub-formation, Chi Qu You spoke: "Stop."


 Next, he observed the area and led the immortals to quickly and delicately destroy the formation.


 The immortals praised him but Chi Qu You shook his head: "The truth is, I did not see through this formation, I had received information from Fang Yuan."


 The expressions of the Southern Border immortals froze.


 Chi Qu You continued: "Using my method, I can break this formation rapidly. But that is a forbidden method that will expend my lifespan. It seems that Fang Yuan had been reborn. In the previous life, he must have broken this formation too, he knows about it clearly."


 The immortals nodded, agreeing with him.


 What they did not know was, Chi Qu You was the one who explained the profundity of this formation to Fang Yuan.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan rushed to Hairy Foot Mountain from Emperor City battlefield, in order to destroy the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, the immortals wanted to use the five regional limit formation. But without the complete formation chart, and having to create it within the enemy’s formation, it was too difficult.


 Fang Yuan used his wisdom path and formation path attainment to cooperate with Chi Qu You and Black Extremity, working together to deduce the complete formation chart.


 During this process, Chi Qu You gave Fang Yuan and Black Extremity an explanation on their experiences of breaking the earlier formations so that they could understand the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 Since Wu Yong asked the Southern Border immortals to retreat, displaying greater sincerity and determination, Fang Yuan was returning the favor by guiding them now.


 After learning of this situation, Wu Yong had a slightly complex expression as he sighed: "It seems that Fang Yuan has already arrived in Central Continent."


 Fang Yuan understood Wu Yong, but Wu Yong also understood Fang Yuan.


 The two of them had an indescribable understanding.


 Even though they wanted each other to die during normal times!


 The truth was, in the previous life, in order to break the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, Fang Yuan also asked the Southern Alliance for dream realms.


 Wu Yong did not hesitate but agreed instantly.


 Fang Yuan was transported back to Southern Border, the defensive formation was opened and he managed to take the dream realms away.


 But later, when Fang Yuan converted them into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies, Feng Jin Huang resisted them and he failed to destroy the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 Using Fang Yuan’s guidance, the Southern Alliance’s immortals broke through another two formations, their efficiency was out of this world.


 Heavenly Court finally reacted in time, Fairy Zi Wei frowned and thought about the countermeasure when suddenly, rainbow light appeared above Heavenly Court.


 Bright lights spread everywhere, rank eight Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar shot out from within!


 "Heavenly Court, we’re here." Bing Sai Chuan called out with great morale.


 "We have been waiting." Qin Ding Ling slowly stood up.



***
Chapter 1923 Stars During Daytime


***





 



 Heavenly Court.


 Colorful lights filled the sky, a huge rank eight Immortal Gu House flew out from within.


 It had three floors of altars, grand and magnificent. There were multiple pillars holding each floor up, having white jade railings and shining aurora, it was eye-catching.


 "Calamity Luck Altar!" Qin Ding Ling watched with shrunken pupils, her expression was complex.


 She was looking at the Immortal Gu House that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable built personally, but the latter had passed away. Even if you were an Immortal Venerable, lifespan was limited.


 "Heavenly Court." On the other hand, Bing Sai Chuan in Calamity Luck Altar was trembling with excitement.


 At long last, he had finally attacked this place, commencing the great plan that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had entrusted to him — to seize fate Gu and refine destiny Gu!


 "We really got in." The accompanying Five Elements Grandmaster was very shocked and surprised: "Is Heavenly Court’s defense really this weak?"


 "Of course not." Bull Demon explained in a deep voice: "This is the arrangement of our Ancestor Giant Sun. Back then, Golden Hoop Great Immortal invited our ancestor to come to the Heavenly Court for a visit, ostensibly proclaiming that he wanted to invite Ancestor Giant Sun into Heavenly Court. At that time, Ancestor Giant Sun secretly set up this arrangement, leaving it for the future."


 Five Elements Grandmaster could not help but inwardly be astounded at the words, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s strategy was planned so long ago but he actually managed to use it so far in the future!


 "Go! We’ll use the route that Limitless Demon Venerable made when he previously attacked, we will attack Central Great Hall, ascend to Heaven Overseeing Tower, and seize fate Gu!" As soon as Bing Sai Chuan gave the order, the surrounding colored lights moved sharply.


 Calamity Luck Altar was actually carried by the colored lights and moved to a distant place.


 The qi wall left by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable had already activated, it sealed Calamity Luck Altar within the qi wall.


 On the other side, Qin Ding Ling had a pale face as she fell to the ground.


 She had already done her best to make some minor modifications to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangements. The so-called trap against Northern Plains would naturally be most effective with the help of a venerable method.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable left behind the killer move qi wall in Heavenly Court, it was everywhere. When the three Demon Venerables attacked Heavenly Court, they created three paths that had no qi wall along them. But all other areas were filled by the qi wall.


 Qin Ding Ling worked her hardest to relocate Calamity Luck Altar into the qi wall.


 At once, Calamity Luck Altar became immobilized, it faced a huge pressure from all directions.


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly helped Qin Ding Ling to stand up as she said in admiration: "Senior, it was all thanks to you!"


 Qin Ding Ling sighed and said with a solemn tone: "To think that even after I worked my hardest after waking up, I merely managed to move his method to a slight extent. Sigh..."


 Duke Long walked slowly with a calm expression: "Let’s go, it is time to welcome our guests."


 "Damn it! Heavenly Court knew that we were going to attack, they made use of that to set up an ambush!" Bing Sai Chuan’s expression changed, turning ashen.


 The surprise attack that he had anticipated for so long had just started, but he already lost control of the situation.


 He manipulated Calamity Luck Altar with all his strength but the killer move qi wall was too strong.


 Even though this rank eight Immortal Gu House could barely move now with a snail-like speed, the most despairing thing was that the qi wall had a strong self-recovery ability. As Calamity Luck Altar moved, the qi wall behind it healed and mended together.


 Just as Longevity Heaven’s people suffered a setback, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals arrived in Hidden Dragon Cave.


 "To think that Hidden Dragon Cave is here." Song Qi Yuan sighed deeply to himself.


 Granny Rong snickered: "This place is quite secluded indeed, but there is no such thing as absolutely hidden in this world."


 Yang Zi He added: "Back then, Di Zang Sheng wreaked havoc in Central Continent, Duke Long suppressed and sealed it here, it was a huge event. But because that was long ago in history, and because Heavenly Court wanted to exterminate the dragonman race, they were ruthless in eliminating the traces."


 "Hehehe. Speaking of which, Duke Long is very vicious, for the sake of Heavenly Court, he sacrificed all of his children and descendants." Shen Cong Sheng criticized with a tone of disdain.


 Eastern Sea’s eight Gu Immortals arrived here.


 It was the same situation as the previous life.


 To achieve this goal, Fang Yuan had put in a lot of effort secretly. On one hand, he used his status as Qi Sea Ancestor to hint to Song Qi Yuan and Hua Cai Yun, on another hand, he contacted Shen Cong Sheng using his own identity, and finally, the four rank eight lone cultivators in Eastern Sea were all Dragon Palace Dragon Generals, they obeyed Fang Yuan’s arrangements.


 Fang Yuan was not sure about Hidden Dragon Cave’s location originally, but after getting Dragon Palace, he saw related records in it.


 Back then, when Duke Long suppressed Di Zang Sheng, the dragonman race had put in effort too.


 After getting this secret information, Fang Yuan spread it using the mouths of the Four Dragon Generals, influencing the decisions of all the different Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 These rank eight Gu Immortals from Eastern Sea were different from Southern Alliance and Longevity Heaven, they did not have any courageous spirit to take risks, in this life, they had no strong intention to gain Dragon Palace. Fang Yuan thus motivated them to release Di Zang Sheng from Hidden Dragon Cave and cause problems for Heavenly Court.


 Once Di Zang Sheng gets released, the entire world would shake, blood would flow into rivers, living beings would die. There would be no need for these Eastern Sea Gu Immortals to fight.


 Once Central Continent’s attention was drawn and they sent Gu Immortals to deal with Di Zang Sheng, they would be weaker elsewhere, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals would have a great opportunity.


 There was another advantage, Di Zang Sheng would target and attack Central Continent’s mortals.


 The more people it killed, the more foundation Central Continent would lose.


 Eastern Sea’s righteous path rank eights would not attack mortals with their status, it would ruin their reputation. Having Di Zang Sheng do the dirty work was best.


 At the fringe of Western Desert.


 The thin regional wall was in front them.


 "The five regions are indeed fusing. The regional walls that once restricted our movement are already so thin and weak." Fang Gong looked at the scene in front of him as he sighed.


 Fang Yuan’s clone, Fang Di Chang, had a high status in Fang clan, he managed to convince Fang clan’s first supreme elder and many Western Desert super forces to take action together.


 This was a much stronger group than in the previous life.


 But gathering so many Gu Immortals used a lot of time, they only managed to assemble now.


 "Oh no, that blood path demonic immortal is causing chaos in my clan." Right at this time, Sun clan reported bad news.


 "There is a brand new immemorial desolate beast attacking my clan’s oasis." Mo clan’s Gu Immortal also received bad news.


 "Everyone! This is likely Heavenly Court’s scheme. They want to restrain us so that we cannot stop them from repairing fate Gu." Fang Di Chang analyzed.


 Even though he had no proof, in order to stabilize these Gu Immortals, lying was fine.


 "No, I need to get back."


 "I objected earlier when you asked us to move out. Our base is too weak now, I was right after all."


 "In my opinion, we should play safe. Western Desert’s resources are all in the oases, if they are destroyed, our clans will lose our foundation without the support of resources."


 The Western Desert Gu Immortals discussed, they wanted to retreat.


 "Damn it, Fang clan took too long to develop, we do not have enough influence and authority." Fang Di Chang gritted his teeth, he watched as a portion of Sun clan and Mo clan left.


 "The nature of these two clan’s Gu Immortals is not so tough normally, I’m afraid Heavenly Court is involved with these two clans!" Fang Di Chang reacted at this time.


 With the departure of a portion of Sun clan and Mo clan, the other clans also wanted to leave, otherwise, their balance would be disrupted.


 Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world had gone into chaos earlier because of the rise of Fang clan, their relationship was tense now and nobody trusted each other.


 There was another fundamental problem, in history, Western Desert had never experienced any large scale cooperation between super forces.


 Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world did not have any domineering overlord in history, unlike Southern Border’s Wu clan or Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven.


 After some discussion, a portion of Western Desert’s Gu Immortals returned to their base. The rest of them still exceeded the numbers in the previous life, they passed the regional walls and arrived in Central Continent.


 Heavenly Court.


 Reports of battles were sent over rapidly.


 "Hidden Dragon Cave is attacked by Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortals."


 "Gu Immortal elites have appeared at Western Desert’s fringe, they are heading towards Emperor City."


 Fairy Zi Wei spoke.


 At this time, Duke Long slowly retreated from the front of the battlefield.


 Calamity Luck Altar was surrounded by the qi wall, there was a sizable area of movable space around it now, Heavenly Court’s countless experts were attacking it from all directions.


 If Calamity Luck Altar retaliated, these Gu Immortals would retreat into the qi wall and hide themselves, staying safe.


 After several attempts, Bing Sai Chuan had to activate Calamity Luck Altar’s defense as they pressed forward.


 Because of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals’ obstruction, Calamity Luck Altar could barely move forward slowly and with great difficulty.


 Duke Long had nothing much to do, the battlefield in Heavenly Court was already secured, Longevity Heaven was trapped and they would eventually fall.


 Duke Long heard Fairy Zi Wei’s reports as he said calmly: "Qi Sea Ancestor and Fang Yuan, have they not made a move?"


 "Nothing at the moment." Fairy Zi Wei shook her head.


 The two people Duke Long was most wary of were these two. Qi Sea Ancestor had unparalleled strength, he rivaled Duke Long and was someone that Duke Long had to focus and keep his attention on.


 Meanwhile, even though Fang Yuan had rank seven cultivation level, he inherited Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, he might have some powerful method, he needed to be guarded against.


 "Qi Sea Ancestor’s attitude is unclear, meanwhile, ever since Fang Yuan snatched Southern Border’s dream realms, he vanished. He has a lot of dream realms on his hands now." Fairy Zi Wei said slowly, she was going to analyze this further.


 "What plan do you have?" Duke Long interrupted her.


 Fairy Zi Wei said: "I plan to activate the formation and resist our external foes to force out Fang Yuan. There is also Qi Sea Ancestor who might possibly fight us, we need to force them to take action!"


 Duke Long pondered before nodding: "Alright, we need to take the initiative. If we can establish our dominance in this battle, the five regions chaotic war will be much easier to deal with."


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly left and sat down at the central area of a formation.


 She activated the formation and released Star Constellation Chessboard. The chessboard floated in the air and rotated on its own, innumerable starlight specks that resembled fireflies flew in the sky, entering the formation.


 Central Continent’s people soon noticed a strange phenomenon.


 Many pointed at the sky and screamed: "Quickly look! There is starlight, there are actually stars in bright daylight."


 "What is going on?" Fang Di Chang had just crossed the regional wall when he saw such a scene.


 "Heavenly Court took action. This did not happen in my previous life." Fang Yuan also arrived in Central Continent, he looked at the sky silently while frowning.


 Heavenly Court had indeed prepared something new.


 At this moment, in the sky of Central Continent, bright lights shined, stars appeared during daytime, radiating heaven and earth!



***
Chapter 1924 Flesh Whip Immortal


***





 



 Central Continent, Hidden Dragon Cave.


 "What is going on?" Eastern Sea’s eight Gu Immortals saw the change in the sky.


 In broad daylight, Central Continent’s sky was covered in stars that shined brightly.


 "This is likely Heavenly Court’s method, but we do not know what effect it has." Qing Yue An frowned as he spoke.


 "What is there to fear? We will deal with it when it comes, with our force, who can stop us? Unless Heavenly Court sends their main forces to face us." Yang Zi He laughed loudly.


 "Indeed." Qing Yue An’s frown eased a little.


 In this situation, Heavenly Court focused on repairing fate Gu, Hidden Dragon Cave was just a small area at the corner of the big picture, if Heavenly Court sent their main forces here to resist Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals, they would be disregarding the bigger problems, it would be a terrible decision!


 "Enter the formation, destroy this formation and release Di Zang Sheng, he will cause chaos in the world, we will then gain our opportunity." Yang Zi He encouraged them without acting suspicious.


 "Hmm... let’s wait for a while. Since we are going to take action, why the need to rush now?" Song Qi Yuan had a composed mentality: "Since Heavenly Court has already used their method, we need to at least find out what it does, right?"


 Song Qi Yuan’s words made the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals hesitant again.


 Yang Zi He and the other Dragon Generals cursed in their hearts, these Eastern Sea righteous path rank eights were truly indecisive. They had already shown hostility to Heavenly Court but still did not want to destroy the formation immediately!


 They were concerned about this ridiculous starry sky because they were too worried about their own safety. If they were Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals, they would have entered the formation already. No wonder Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world had the most wealth but still stayed suppressed and unable to resist Gu Immortals of other regions.


 Fang Yuan did not want these Gu Immortals to wait outside.


 The Four Dragon Generals were enslaved by Dragon Palace, they were undoubtedly loyal.


 Among them, Granny Rong smiled as she said: "If this method has just materialized and needs three days to take effect, are we going to wait three days here?"


 "This..." Song Qi Yuan and the rest were uncertain.


 But at this moment, from the sky, grand starlight pillars shot down rapidly.


 The light pillars were shining in a bluish light, it was a grand sight.


 More than ten pillars of light shot down together, encircling all eight Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 Next, the pillars faded away as a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal appeared in the location of each pillar.


 The Eastern Sea immortals’ expressions changed.


 In an instant, they were surrounded by Heavenly Court, the situation took a turn for the worse!


 "You crawling worms dare to offend Heavenly Court!" Zhang Fei Xiong said in a cold and domineering tone.


 "You will die today." Wan Zi Hong licked her scarlet lips, oozing with killing intent.


 "Those who offend Central Continent will be killed." Qin Song had a solemn expression.


 "Enough talk, I’m going to attack now, yayaya!" A female Heavenly Court immortal could not wait anymore, she charged forward.


 Her body was plump to its limit, she was like a meat cannonball that shot towards the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals fearlessly.


 Eastern Sea’s immortals were not united, they quickly split up.


 The fat female immortal missed her target, she screamed in anger: "You cowards, why are you dodging, come, fight your mommy for three hundred rounds!"


 "Flesh Whip Immortal is still so impatient." A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal who knew about this female immortal sighed helplessly.


 "Flesh Whip Immortal is gentle and kind normally, but once she enters battle, she acts like what the rumors say." Many Heavenly Court Gu Immortals watched with surprise.


 At once, the female immortal called Flesh Whip Immortal chased after Eastern Sea’s eight Gu Immortals while shouting vulgarities non-stop, she was extremely noisy.


 "Vile woman, don’t be too arrogant." Qing Yue An could not take it, he turned around to battle.


 Flesh Whip Immortal was overjoyed: "Someone finally stopped running!"


 Boom!


 The two used their killer moves that collided, causing a thunderous explosion.


 A huge shock wave burst out and caused the surrounding clouds to disperse and change form.


 "Quickly go and reinforce Little Whip." Qin Song ordered, among these Gu Immortals, he was the most senior, even Flesh Whip Immortal was his junior.


 Central Continent’s immortals all charged forward at once.


 Among them, there was Zhu Que Er who cultivated fire path and transformation path. There was Vortex Space Boy who cultivated space path and had terrifying killer moves. There was Ye Qiao Zi, Z, Wu Shuang, Yu Zhu Zi, and others, they were all famous Heavenly Court experts in history.


 Not only did Heavenly Court’s side have more people, they even had excellent coordination, they created their battle tactic long ago, they erupted with great power.


 Eastern Sea’s eight Gu Immortals were forced back time and again, they could not hold their own.


 "This is a trap, let’s retreat!" Song Qi Yuan shouted with all his might.


 His words immediately received the acceptance of the other three righteous path members, with the enemies being this strong now, they could not fight forcefully.


 The Four Dragon Generals remained silent.


 Without Fang Yuan’s orders, they would not abruptly retreat.


 Amidst the chaotic battle, Zhu Que Er suddenly pushed with her palm as a flame light was shot out.


 The flame light resembled a beautiful blade light as it slashed towards Granny Rong.


 Granny Rong and Zhao Shan He were currently fighting, seeing the approaching blade, she did not dodge it.


 At the crucial moment, Zhang Yin suddenly moved, a shadow appeared and blocked the flame light.


 "Oh? There’s something weird going on with these two Gu Immortals." Zhu Que Er’s expression changed, she felt something amiss.


 Compared to the previous life, she had woken up much earlier, she made many preparations. She had already obtained information regarding Granny Rong and Zhang Yin.


 These two were lone immortals but they actually trusted each other this much, it was really rare!


 But soon, Zhu Que Er found out that it was not only Zhang Yin and Granny Rong, Yang Zi He and Shi Miao were also weird, these four rank eights trusted each other completely, they were willing to let themselves be defended by one another in dangerous situations!


 Because of their coordination, they were able to resist the attacks of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals without losing.


 Fairy Zi Wei was currently looking at the situation from her formation core in Central Hall.


 Starlight flashed in front of her, displaying the scene in Hidden Dragon Cave.


 Even though she was in Heavenly Court, she obtained firsthand information of the battlefield.


 "What’s wrong with these four Eastern Sea lone immortals? Their relationship should not be this close. Unless they set some sort of strict alliance agreement that allowed them to work together with complete trust?"


 Fairy Zi Wei could not think more, it was not the time to deduce this now.


 She considered it for a while before giving her orders.


 After getting her orders, Old Man Bei Feng who was inside Hidden Dragon Cave became revitalized, he quickly activated the formation.


 Intense lights appeared around the formation, its power spread out across the battlefield.


 "Oh no!"


 "Quickly leave!!"


 "Once we enter the formation, they will take us out one by one."


 Eastern Sea’s immortals were flustered, they quickly shouted.


 But how could Heavenly Court’s rank eight Gu Immortals allow them to leave? Immediately, killer moves were used to obstruct the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, they could not get out, they were swept into the formation along with the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 Both parties entered Hidden Dragon Cave’s formation.


 Old Man Bei Feng, who was controlling the formation, grunted as his face turned pale, blood flowed out of his nostrils.


 Even though Hidden Dragon Cave’s formation was powerful, taking in so many rank eight Gu Immortals at once was beyond Old Man Bei Feng’s limits.


 "Grandfather, are you okay?" Feng Chan Zi who was at the side asked with concern.


 He was Old Man Bei Feng’s beloved grandson, if he did not make a mistake and was forced to guard Hidden Dragon Cave along with his grandfather, Old Man Bei Feng would have become a member of Heavenly Court already.


 "But if I can make some contributions in this battle, Heavenly Court might recruit me!" Old Man Bei Feng’s eyes shined with bright light, he was filled with morale.


 Eastern Sea’s rank eights were trapped in the formation, they were split up.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were also split up into different areas.


 "This formation is mainly used to suppress and seal Di Zang Sheng, it does not have any power to cooperate with Gu Immortals in battle. Every Gu Immortal that enters the formation will be sent to a different area. Unless the formation is destroyed, there will not be two Gu Immortals in the same area."


 Fairy Zi Wei knew about Hidden Dragon Cave’s formation, she ordered Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals to retreat.


 While Eastern Sea’s immortals were trapped inside.


 "I will leave this place to you." Qin Song said before leaving.


 "Don’t worry, I will guard this place with my life. If anything happens, I will report it and seek reinforcements." Old Man Bei Feng said with a polite and serious attitude.


 "Very good." Qin Song felt assured as he brought the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to leave.


 At this time, more than ten pillars of light shot down again, the blue starlight pillars enveloped all the Heavenly Court rank eights.


 The pillars vanished, along with the rank eight Gu Immortals within.


 Fang Di Chang and the rest traveled in their Immortal Gu House as they rushed towards Emperor City.


 Even though the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was disrupted by Fang Yuan in advance in this life and had slower progress than the previous life, it was not even at the final round of the competition yet.


 But evidently, Emperor City was the only place that could protect them while not interfering with the Gu refinement and the restoration of fate Gu. That place was already heavily guarded by Heavenly Court, Fang Di Chang thus asked the Western Desert immortals to head to Emperor City.


 Western Desert’s immortals had surging morale.


 But at the next moment, starlight pillars appeared again, as more than ten Heavenly Court Gu Immortals appeared.


 "Kill!" Flesh Whip Immortal charged forward again.


 But this time, Western Desert’s Gu Immortals were not flustered.


 They were within their Immortal Gu Houses, they felt very safe.


 Watching as Flesh Whip Immortal attacked, even though she was a rank eight Gu Immortal, she could not destroy an Immortal Gu House instantly.


 "What method is Heavenly Court using? They could transport so many rank eights at the same time!" Fang Di Chang did not think anymore, he mobilized several Immortal Gu Houses to resist the enemies.


 As a wisdom path Gu Immortal who controlled the strongest Immortal Gu House Divine Bean Palace, he was selected as the leader of the group, he had the highest authority.


 Immortal Gu Houses charged without care, it was Heavenly Court’s time to dodge them.


 But two Gu Immortals did not retreat.


 One was Zhang Fei Xiong, he turned into a giant with a bear head and human body, he resisted Immortal Gu Houses with his body.


 The other was Flesh Whip Immortal, she was a transformation path Gu Immortal, she transformed into a walking meat tree as her roots moved like legs, running rapidly, while her branches turned into countless whips that attacked in a frenzy.


 Crack crack crack!


 She was also resisting Immortal Gu Houses, several rank seven Immortal Gu Houses were forced to turn around and escape.


 Within Divine Bean Palace, Fang Di Chang’s expression was dark.


 "Heavenly Court made changes, but this change is simply too huge."


 "Zhang Fei Xiong, Wan Zi Hong, and Zhu Que Er woke up in advance, even experts like Flesh Whip Immortal appeared."


 "And most importantly, what killer move is this? It can transport more than ten rank eight Gu Immortals at once! This is simply unheard of!"


 With this move, Heavenly Court had the initiative to mobilize their main forces to attack anywhere they wanted.


 This was a very significant trump card in battle.


 As long as this move was not destroyed, Heavenly Court could fight in several battlefields at the same time, they could deal with anything that came at them.



***
Chapter 1925 Heavenly Courts Initiative


***





 



 Crack crack crack!


 The tower-like walking meat tree was charging at the forefront, thousands of octopus tentacle-like branches waved and created a sound of fierce wind whistling, they had awe inspiring might, the Western Desert Gu Immortal’s Immortal Gu Houses were forced to retreat.


 Flesh Whip Immortal was able to resist Immortal Gu Houses singlehandedly, she was truly a rank eight expert slumbering in the Heavenly Court immortal graveyard, her strength was unquestionable!


 Of course, this was also the advantage of transformation path.


 "Let us!" At the crucial moment, Dong clan’s Gu Immortals spoke up.


 Similar to the previous life, Dong clan still mobilized the rank seven Immortal Gu House Red River Wheel.


 This Immortal Gu House looked like a water wheel or a giant tire, rotating while blazing with red flames, it crashed towards the walking meat tree.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals saw this and their gazes focused.


 Immortal Gu Houses charged head on because it was the fastest method, it was usually not their strongest ability.


 According to the different types of Immortal Gu used to construct them, Immortal Gu Houses had different immortal killer moves.


 Right now, Red River Wheel had used its own killer move with overwhelming might to attack Flesh Whip Immortal.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were nervous, similarly, Western Desert’s Gu Immortals were also nervous.


 Red River Wheel was only a rank seven Immortal Gu House, it could resist rank eight, if it crashed into Flesh Whip Immortal, they would be evenly matched, it would be damaged too.


 However, this result was still slightly favorable to Western Desert.


 Even if both of them were harmed, Red River Wheel would be able to recover by replacing the dead Gu. Flesh Whip Immortal, however, would be physically injured, and subsequent healing and recovery would be quite troubling.


 "Come!" At the crucial moment, Flesh Whip Immortal, instead of retreating, yelled in excitement and charged straight up. 

 "This person..."


 "Defend her!"


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals reached a consensus in an instant.


 Zhang Fei Xiong growled again, he turned into a giant with a bear head and human body, charging towards Red River Wheel.


 "Red River Wheel is strongest at the front and back, but the sides are the weakest. Let’s help out Dong clan!" Immortal Gu House Jade Toad Castle was like a green meteor that crashed into Zhang Fei Xiong.


 Wan Zi Hong smiled delicately as countless petals drifted over the battlefield and landed on Red River Wheel, its momentum continued to decline.


 Fang clan’s Chicken Dog Coop came over to support, releasing chickens and dogs and other ancient desolate beasts to attack Wan Zi Hong.


 Wan Zi Hong was still maintaining her killer moves and had no time to dodge, so Yu Zhu Zi and Ye Qiao Zi appeared around her. One of them sprinkled countless jade beads and made a tinkling sound, while the other emitted a mass of yellow light, sometimes slow, sometimes fast.


 Chickens, dogs, and many other ancient desolate beasts were either smashed to death by the jade beads, or were temporarily trapped by the yellow light, hovering high in the air, unable to move.


 "Damn it, this Wan Zi Hong is the demoness who scourged Western Desert in history and was recruited by Heavenly Court!" Dong clan’s Gu Immortals were inside Red River Wheel, looking at Wan Zi Hong and gnashing their teeth.


 Dong clan was a Western Desert righteous path force and hated Western Desert’s demons the most, while this Wan Zi Hong was one of the most infamous demonesses in history.


 Seeing the Dong clan’s Red River Wheel’s power was weakening, at this rate, it would be crushed by the walking meat tree. At the critical moment, a forest flower house-like Immortal Gu House was exerting its power behind the battlefield.


 Wan Zi Hong gave a soft cry as she suddenly felt her killer move go out of control, countless petals rolled towards Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals instead.


 Wan Zi Hong muffled a grunt as her killer move failed and the backlash caused her to suffer considerable damage.


 Her eyes were like lightning as she stared at the culprit, it was Fang clan’s rank seven Immortal Gu House — Fallen Flower Hall.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, the walking meat tree and Red River Wheel finally collided together.


 Both sides immediately flew backwards.


 The walking meat tree had hundreds of severed fleshy tentacles, while the surface of the Red River Wheel’s wheel was battered beyond recognition, losing over three thousand Gu, Dong clan’s Gu Immortals quickly started to repair it.


 "This... is really satisfying!" Flesh Whip Immortal gritted her teeth and struggled to maintain the form of the walking meat tree, although her injuries were not light, her fighting spirit was instead more vigorous.


 She was about to charge up again, but was stopped by Zhang Fei Xiong.


 "Let me fight, you should go back and heal your injuries." Zhang Fei Xiong had been knocked away by the Immortal Gu House earlier, he returned and immediately took the place of Flesh Whip Immortal.


 Flesh Whip Immortal, however, was stubborn and would not retreat in a deadly battle: "I won’t! Let me charge, no one can stop me."


 As soon as the words were said, a giant pillar of starlight shot down violently overhead, covering Flesh Whip Immortal.


 Flesh Whip Immortal: "..."


 In the next instant, she disappeared together with the giant pillar of starlight and returned to Heavenly Court.


 In Heavenly Court’s battlefield, Calamity Luck Altar was still struggling to move forward, trying to break free from the qi wall, but Duke Long was firmly blocking in front of it.


 Duke Long’s tall body was like cast steel, and even if it was just one man, Calamity Luck Altar could not deal with him.


 Boom boom boom!


 Every time Duke Long attacked, it was accompanied by a fierce explosion, and just by using transformation path killer moves, Calamity Luck Altar could not move forward.


 After advancing ten steps, it would often be knocked back nine steps by Duke Long.


 Flesh Whip Immortal swallowed a mouthful of saliva, gazing up at the heroic fighting stance of Duke Long, feeling envious in her heart, when would she have such powerful strength!


 Light flickered around her, pale blue strands of flowing water wrapped around her, washing the dao marks away to heal her wounds.


 This was a healing formation specially set up by Heavenly Court to greatly improve the efficiency of healing injuries.


 "Heavenly Court’s teleportation method can move groups as well as a single person to and fro! This is really troublesome." Fang Yuan’s clone, Fang Di Chang, frowned deeply.


 Although he could not see the healing formation in Heavenly Court, he could deduce it easily with his brain.


 The key was that with such a method, Heavenly Court could quickly retreat. It was almost an extravagant hope for Western Desert’s side to kill or injure the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals. They had to kill with a single blow, denying Heavenly Court any chance to teleport and heal their members.


 But how difficult was it to kill such experts among rank eight!


 It was not just Fang Di Chang, the vast majority of the Gu Immortals recognized this, the morale of the Western Desert immortals began to plummet.


 Fang Di Chang secretly gritted his teeth: "This is not good."


 Immediately, he activated Divine Bean Palace to move to the front line: "Everyone, let me do it!"


 The Western Desert Immortals were energized greatly, they hurriedly made way for Divine Bean Palace, casting expectant glances at it.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals saw an Immortal Gu House lofty as a mountain, majestic and imposing, rumbling and rushing as it attacked, all their hearts jumped.


 The same name flashed in the hearts of the immortals — Divine Bean Palace!


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Life Spring Lightning!


 Divine Bean Palace shook intensely, countless sparks that resembled dragons or snakes coiled around the palace. Lightning gathered into beads of jade green lightning balls as they exploded around the palace.


 Rumble...


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals dodged wildly, not daring to face the attack. Even transformation path Zhang Fei Xiong had reverted to his human body, flying around in a very sad state.


 Myriad life spring lightning, life and death was interlinked, destruction and creation were gathered into one move. After exploding, dao marks would be left in the battlefield, creating an environment that was advantageous to the user.


 "How can we fight this?" This time, it was the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals’ turn to feel helpless.


 "It is, after all, an Immortal Gu House created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable himself."


 "Sigh, how did it end up in the hands of Western Desert’s Gu Immortals!"


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were resentful and without options, all of them were thinking of retreating.


 One of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals was pale and chubby, he was Zhao Shan He, who was now looking at Yu Zhu Zi.


 Yu Zhu Zi nodded at him as they suddenly gathered together.


 At the same time, the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were surrounding the two of them, planning and defending around them.


 Zhao Shan He was a food path Gu Immortal and Yu Zhu Zi was earth path, they both unleashed a move together — Sitting and Eating the Mountain Empty!


 The killer move enveloped the entire battlefield, Western Desert’s Immortal Gu Houses could not dodge it.


 After it was used, starlight pillars flashed in the sky for an instant.


 At the next moment, all of the Heavenly Court rank eights left the battlefield, the intense and chaotic battle was left with only Western Desert’s Immortal Gu Houses.


 Even though Western Desert’s Gu Immortals forced back Heavenly Court, their expressions turned ugly.


 Because they found out that many of the Gu worms in the Immortal Gu Houses were weakening, soon, their aura fell to rock bottom as Gu worms died one by one.


 Not only that, the Gu Immortals in the houses were also getting hit, many of their immortal essence beads started to disintegrate and disappear.


 "This was all caused by that move."


 "What kind of killer move was it, not only did the Immortal Gu Houses get affected, but even the Gu Immortals inside the houses were not spared?"


 "This should be the profundity of food path. Because of that, it’s hard to defend against using our Immortal Gu Houses."


 The Western Desert Gu Immortals discussed and exchanged ideas, they soon guessed correctly.


 Food path had been too limited in circulation, Western Desert’s righteous path did not have a lot of food path inheritances, their defense against it was too low, it was a weakness.


 And most importantly, Zhao Shan He was a food path expert on Heavenly Court’s side.


 "This will not do!"


 "Heavenly Court fights and retreats when they want to, as long as they give Zhao Shan He and Yu Zhu Zi the chance to use this move each time, we will lose all our strength and resources over time."


 "Everyone! We must hurry up and rush to Emperor City as soon as possible to force Heavenly Court to fight us to the death. There, they won’t retreat so easily."


 Fang Di Chang analyzed the situation and advocated.


 The Western Desert Gu Immortals agreed.


 In a short period of time, they had no way to counter Heavenly Court’s teleportation killer move and could only use this method to restrain Heavenly Court.


 Zhao Shan He and the others returned to Heavenly Court once again.


 The injured ones all went to the healing formation to recover, while the rest were focusing on their recuperation while communicating with each other on how they should work better together.


 After a fierce battle with Western Desert’s various Immortal Gu Houses, these Gu Immortals suffered no losses, and the most seriously injured person, Flesh Whip Immortal, was almost healed completely, alive and well once again.


 Unlike the previous life, these Gu Immortals, because of their early awakening, not only possessed a full range of Immortal Gu, but they also had a certain level of mutual cooperation.


 "Immortal Gu Houses are just hard to fight. Divine Bean Palace is the most troublesome of them all."


 "What are you worried about? A few more rounds and Western Desert’s side will collapse. They won’t be able to reach Emperor City!"


 "Have Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor not done anything? Quickly do something, we can’t wait anymore."


 Gu Immortals were all experts that had huge reputation at some point in time, they were overflowing with confidence and morale.


 The truth was, Fang Yuan was the one who caused this situation.


 Since rebirth, Fang Yuan had been gaining victories over Heavenly Court multiple times, Star Constellation’s will felt a huge threat from this and awakened many Gu Immortals in advance.


 It was unlike the previous life when Longevity Heaven attacked, in which Heavenly Court had fallen into a crisis and had to awaken many Gu Immortals in a hurry, they were unable to display their true battle strength.



***
Chapter 1926 Northern Plains Retaliation


***





 



 "Quickly stop them!" Fang Di Chang shouted.


 Western Desert’s Immortal Gu Houses tried their best to stop Zhao Shan He and Yu Zhu Zi.


 But in front of them, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were putting up a tight defense.


 Roar!


 Zhang Fei Xiong turned into a giant, obstructing an Immortal Gu House relentlessly.


 Crack crack crack!


 Flesh Whip Immortal turned into an immemorial walking meat tree, she waved her branches and whipped at the Immortal Gu Houses, they were knocked about and spinning around all over the place.


 Bam bam bam...


 All kinds of immortal killer moves erupted, as if they were large bursts of fireworks, incomparably splendid and powerful.


 These were all rank eight killer moves of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals, the Immortal Gu Houses of Western Desert suffered a serious obstruction, inevitably hesitating.


 Taking advantage of this time, Zhao Shan He and Yu Zhu Zi finished their preparation and unleashed their immortal killer move, sitting and eating the mountain empty.


 Western Desert’s Gu Immortals were hit again, they then helplessly watched as a giant pillar of starlight shot down, teleporting away the Central Continent Gu Immortals.


 At the next moment, they returned to Heavenly Court.


 As the Gu Immortals healed their wounds, they exchanged conversations.


 "It’s really getting harder and harder to use the killer move, sitting and eating the mountain empty."


 "After all, the other side has elites of an entire region, so they cannot be underestimated. As the saying goes, if a fool suffers sufficient losses, he will become wiser."


 "But their strength has also been weakened quite badly, so they probably won’t be able to hold out after two more times."


 The Gu Immortals were full of morale, and the more they fought, the higher their spirits became.


 Guh.


 At this moment, Qin Song’s face turned pale and he coughed out a small mouthful of blood.


 His blood was yellowish brown, and there were countless small insects jumping around in the blood foam.


 "Senior Qin, are you injured?" Zhou Xiong Xin, who was standing right next to Qin Song, asked with concern.


 Zhou Xiong Xin was dressed in a white robe, he had a strong physique and a squarish face with thick eyebrows. In his last battle with Fang Yuan, he activated the fastest battlefield killer move in the world, rumor cage, and once caused Fang Yuan to fall into a dangerous battle. In the end, Fang Yuan was even more calculating and used the arrangements left by the organization Defy to plot and kill Zhou Xiong Xin.


 But this time, Fang Yuan was reborn, Zhou Xiong Xin was thus alive and one of the many Gu Immortals that fought along with Heavenly Court.


 Qin Song weakly shook his head: "This is an old injury, it is not from the fight earlier."


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals all gathered around to check on Qin Song’s state, even Fairy Zi Wei came here.


 Qin Song was the key person now.


 The reason why Heavenly Court was able to display such a powerful star cast killer move was not only with the help of the related formation and Star Constellation Chessboard, but also relying on Qin Song’s strength.


 Qin Song was most skilled at teleportation.


 In the previous life, he was the one who brought the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals on a long journey to quickly make their way to Di Zang Sheng. At that time, he did not have his complete set of Immortal Gu, he used killer moves without caring about his own condition, causing him to die prematurely.


 This life, however, he had awakened earlier, the situation was much better. Not only were his Immortal Gu comprehensive, he also got to use an advanced lifespan extension method.


 Qin Song’s seniority was very high, he had gone into hibernation long ago. During his hibernation, Heavenly Court had many new findings and improvement in their research on lifespan extension methods.


 As time passed, there were bound to be improvements.


 As a result, Qin Song’s lifespan was extended to a certain extent, but the repeated battles made him repeatedly exert himself, and his health declined rapidly. His lifespan was greatly reduced.


 "Based on your current physical state, I’m afraid you can only use four movement killer moves at most. Beyond that number, your flesh and soul will all collapse." Fairy Zi Wei calculated for a moment and spoke.


 "Four times?" Qin Song smiled and coughed out another mouthful of yellow blood with a calm demeanor: "It is enough to defeat Western Desert, and there’s still room to spare, so maybe we can deal a blow to Southern Border as well! Or maybe Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals. As for after my death, it will be up to all of you."


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were silent.


 Only Flesh Whip Immortal grinned: "Don’t worry, Old Man Qin, I’m here."


 There was nothing they could do about Qin Song’s state. The cause behind all of this was his old injury, an injury that he had brought with him from exploring Reckless Savage’s grave, it could not be treated in the past, and now it was still fatal.


 Fairy Zi Wei, however, did not order a further attack, she was pondering in her head.


 Without Qin Song, Heavenly Court would not have the ability to teleport in groups. Relying on Star Constellation Chessboard alone would be too inefficient and it would seriously reduce her own ability to deduce and calculate.


 Fairy Zi Wei had experience in using star cast, this killer move consumed too many thoughts. If she had to use this killer move, she would no longer have the extra energy to look over the big picture.


 This was clearly not worth it for Heavenly Court.


 It would be fine if it was just one battlefield, but Heavenly Court was fighting in at least three battlefields, they were facing not only the powerful elites of the four regions, there was still Fang Yuan, the demon who had yet to do anything.


 As the leader and strategist of Heavenly Court in both the previous life and this life, Fairy Zi Wei had to oversee the whole situation.


 "What a pity, there is no wisdom path Gu Immortal awakening in the immortal graveyard this time."


 "Fang Yuan has yet to make a move, and Qi Sea Ancestor has made no movements either. If we waste Qin Song early at this time, it will be bad if there is a sudden change in the battle in the future."


 Fairy Zi Wei pondered deeply, unwilling to expend a key force like Qin Song in advance.


 She always considered one thing: Fang Yuan possessed a killer move using Fixed Immortal Travel, as well as the ancient battle formation Omni-directional Travel, he could quickly appear in any place in Central Continent.


 If Heavenly Court preserved the remaining uses of their star cast method, when they deal with Fang Yuan in the future, it would be much easier.


 "Right now, we have four battlefields, they are in Heavenly Court, Hairy Foot Mountain, Emperor City, and Hidden Dragon Cave." Fairy Zi Wei looked around, analyzing as she spoke.


 "Of these four battlefields, Heavenly Court’s battlefield is the most important. Once we are breached and fate Gu gets destroyed by Longevity Heaven, all hope is lost."


 "The second most important is Hairy Foot Mountain. If Infallible blessed land is destroyed and we don’t refine enough success dao marks, it will have a huge impact on our ability to repair Fate. However, this is not irrevocable. Even if the Infallible blessed land is destroyed and we don’t have enough success dao marks, fate Gu would still be alive. In the future, with new developments in refinement path, we might be able to find other ways to repair fate Gu."


 "After that is Emperor City. The Western Desert immortals are moving with their forces aimed straight at Emperor City. But after our repeated strikes, their vigor has been lost. Emperor City itself is already heavily guarded and defended by human path methods left by venerables. Even if it is destroyed and the elites are all dead, it is not very important. In a hundred years, more elites will emerge."


 "Finally, there is Hidden Dragon Cave. Although there are many Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals, they are not looking to kill and only want to seek gains. The formation and Old Man Bei Feng alone won’t be able to defend against them, but delaying them for a while is more than enough. During this period of time, we only needed to support them once to stabilize the situation over there."


 A Gu Immortal asked: "So, what is your decision?"


 Fairy Zi Wei cast her gaze towards Calamity Luck Altar in the qi wall: "Let’s take care of Longevity Heaven first! With Heavenly Court secure and fate Gu safe, even if the situation outside is completely lost, we will always be in an impregnable position."


 After a pause, she continued: "In addition to that, it will also allow Senior Qin Song to preserve his health, preventing Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor from suddenly making a move ."


 "Great!"


 "These are truly the words of a great strategist."


 "I’m also feeling uneasy about trapping Calamity Luck Altar in our headquarters. After all, they are the descendants of Giant Sun, so they might unleash a surprising attack anytime."


 "We will listen to you!"


 After listening carefully, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals all approved of this plan.


 As a result, the immortals stopped attacking at a long range, they entered the qi wall and fought Longevity Heaven fiercely.


 The qi wall in Heavenly Court was left behind by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable. After so many years, except for the three paths that were opened by the three venerables, the rest of the qi wall was still strong and enduring.


 And even worse was that the qi wall still retained its autonomous abilities.


 Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were allowed to move freely in it, while Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals were restricted by a strong force.


 There was a hemispherical battlefield in the qi wall, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals bombarded Calamity Luck Altar with a barrage of attacks with their backs against the wall.


 Once Calamity Luck Altar retaliates, these Gu Immortals would rapidly retreat, entering the qi wall and using it to block Calamity Luck Altar’s attack.


 Because of this, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were able to attack with their full strength, Calamity Luck Altar’s surface was filled with cracks.


 As an rank eight Immortal Gu House, Calamity Luck Altar itself was extremely sturdy, and it was created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable himself, so it had a clear advantage in charging. It was simply unreasonable.


 But all along, it was always obstructed by a Gu Immortal.


 This person was Duke Long!


 His body was slowly growing minute by minute, his face was like iron, his body was robust, and the defense of violet-gold dragon scales all over his body was extremely amazing.


 Transformation path killer moves were being unleashed as he desired. The moves were domineering and fierce, blocking Calamity Luck Altar firmly.


 Be they Calamity Luck Altar or killer moves of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals that he was in range of, he held firm, as if he was a pillar of heaven, all of the rank eight killer moves felt like just a light breeze.


 In the previous life, Duke Long and the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals fought for Dragon Palace, and although he succeeded, he was seriously injured. By the time the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was held, Duke Long was still injured, so his performance in battle was not so shocking at the start.


 In this life, because Fang Yuan had obtained Dragon Palace in advance, Duke Long was in a fully intact state and could attack Calamity Luck Altar to the point where it could not inch forward.


 "Duke Long... is actually so strong!" Bing Sai Chuan was livid.


 The accompanying Bull Demon, Flower Lady, and Five Elements Grandmaster were all desperately trying their best to repair Calamity Luck Altar.


 "This won’t work. Without breaking through the barrier in front of us, we won’t be able to get close to Heaven Overseeing Tower." In Calamity Luck Altar, Mao Li Qiu lay down on the ground, yelling out in dissatisfaction.


 Bing Sai Chuan struggled for a while internally before he sighed: "There is no other way, activate the killer move call of the ancient."


 Calamity Luck Altar suddenly stood still and abruptly exploded with a round of golden light.


 The light was so dazzling that it caused Duke Long to squint his eyes.


 Swish swish swish...


 The sound of river waves surging through the battlefield resounded.


 The phantom image of a segment of the grand River of Time appeared above Calamity Luck Altar.


 "This is?!" Duke Long’s heart was slightly shaken.


 Then, following the astonished eyes of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals walked out of the phantom River of Time one by one.


 "Come on, eat one of my explosive lightning bolts!" The tall-bodied Nu Er Bao Xiong laughed wildly.


 "To think that I can use this move to come to the future and participate in a huge battle, I am truly fortunate." Hei Fan had a slight smile.


 "Wow! What a huge battle, oh heavens, I better hide somewhere." Liu Liu Liu had a delicate white face, he had a crafty look as his body vanished on the spot.



***
Chapter 1927 Asking Fang Yuan for Reinforcements


***





 



 "What happened?"


 "These are all historically famous experts from Northern Plains, they’ve actually been summoned here!"


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were all surprised.


 Duke Long said in a deep voice: "Attention everyone, this is Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s time path killer move, call of the ancient. It can summon closely related Gu Immortals from the upstream of the River of Time to the present to fight for the user!"


 "That’s interesting." Flesh Whip Immortal licked her lips, her fighting spirit surging as she rushed up.


 "Let me do it." Zhang Fei Xiong transformed into a giant, together with Flesh Whip Immortal, they crashed into Calamity Luck Altar from the left and right.


 But at this time, Calamity Luck Altar was already guarded.


 Nu Er Bao Xiong roared wildly and used his immortal killer move, lightning balls flew everywhere, exploding fiercely.


 For a moment, Flesh Whip Immortal and Zhang Fei Xiong were both blocked by the lightning balls, their attacks were thwarted.


 Zhu Que Er squealed and used her movement killer move, drawing a bright and stunning red trail of light through the air and circling behind Calamity Luck Altar.


 "Don’t even think about it." A male immortal stepped out of the phantom River of Time to block Zhu Que Er.


 He had a handsome face like jade, graceful and dashing, his gaze carried a faint smile, it was Dong Fang Yu.


 Boom boom boom!


 Zhu Que Er and Dong Fang Yu fought a fierce battle.


 Immortal killer move — Sitting and Eating the Mountain Empty!


 In the distance, Zhao Shan He and Yu Zhu Zi joined forces once again and successfully activated the killer move.


 The killer move worked on Calamity Luck Altar with very little effect. Calamity Luck Altar was worthy of being created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, its defense against food path was quite strong.


 Ye Qiao Zi’s killer moves followed one after another. Wooden stakes were created out of thin air, forming a circle to trap Calamity Luck Altar.


 Ye Qiao Zi grunted in a low tone again, and countless bright green vines grew from the wooden stakes, wrapping around Calamity Luck Altar and spreading upwards in an attempt to stain the phantom River of Time.


 "It’s useless. This phantom River of Time cannot be attacked, only by defeating Calamity Luck Altar which is sustaining it can we put an end to this move." Duke Long was about to make a move.


 But another Heavenly Court Gu Immortal suddenly teleported towards the phantom River of Time.


 This Gu Immortal resembled a child with black hair, he had a small cowlick on the top of his head, his face was round and cute. It was none other than Vortex Space Boy.


 His aura surged as a huge vortex appeared above it had, it had an immense suction force that destroyed anything that got drawn into it.


 But the phantom River of Time remained unmoved, completely unaffected.


 Another newly appeared Northern Plains Gu Immortal had just walked out, he could not react in time before the vortex sucked him in.


 "Hahaha, at least I had some gains." Vortex Space Boy laughed as he exerted even more force.


 Nian Er tribe’s expert was trapped inside — Nian Er Nong Fu.


 He looked like an old farmer, his pants were rolled up, his legs were covered in mud, his back was hunched, wrinkles covered his face.


 Trapped at this moment, he sighed: "Oh my, I’m going to die in battle as soon as I get out. Seriously? Of all the Northern Plains Gu Immortals, I’m the least proficient at fighting."


 The small face of Vortex Space Boy puffed up as he did his best to grind and crush Nian Er Nong Fu.


 Nian Er Nong Fu was guarded by a pale yellow halo of light, it was thin but very strong, firmly resisting the crazy force of the spinning vortex.


 Another Gu Immortal came out from the illusory River of Time, seeing that Nian Er Nong Fu was trapped, he was about to rescue him.


 However, Heavenly Court Gu Immortal Zhou Xiong Xin also arrived in time to stop the man.


 Ye Lui Kou also came out, his skin was dark and his eyes were like a falcon, scanning the battlefield, he suddenly found the weakest Gu Immortal in Heavenly Court, Qin Song.


 Qin Song’s weakened state was hard to conceal.


 Ye Lui Kou sneered and attacked Qin Song straight away.


 "Your opponent is me." A beautiful female immortal intercepted Ye Lui Kou while he was on his way.


 Ye Lui Kou gazed at the female immortal, feeling a certain threat to his life: "Who are you?"


 The female immortal smiled fawningly, but her words were murderous: "Your killer — Wan Zi Hong!"


 As the two fought, golden light flashed and petals flew.


 Figures flew in the sky or fought on the ground.


 Intense explosions continued to resound, sparks were flying, bright lights were flashing.


 Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal experts fought against Heavenly Court’s members.


 Rumble!


 Zhang Fei Xiong’s flesh was torn by Nu Er Bao Xiong’s explosions.


 Crack crack crack!


 Flesh Whip Immortal smacked Yuan Ben so hard that the white bone armor Yuan Ben was wearing got smashed to pieces, he was forced to retreat.


 Nian Er Nong Fu was still resisting, while Vortex Space Boy was gritting his teeth, refusing to give up.


 Surrounding the two who were deadlocked in battle, several Gu Immortals were also engaged in a fight.


 The Gu Immortals were all beginning to suffer injuries, the air was filled with the thick smell of blood.


 "Even though I used the killer move, call of the ancient, I am actually being pressured!" Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth, his heart growing heavier.


 The trump card he had pinned his hopes on did not turn the tables around, it only saved him from defeat and deadlocked the situation.


 In the previous life, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had awakened hastily from the immortal graveyard, and despite the emergency deployment of the Immortal Gu by Fairy Zi Wei, their battle strength was still crippled.


 But this life was different, these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had great battle strength and were in good condition, enough to fight with the strong Northern Plains and even suppress them. After all, there had been a lot of cooperation between the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, while Northern Plains’ historically powerful experts had just been summoned, they had heard of each other at most, in their own lives, how could they have worked together?


 "This can’t continue. The longer call of the ancient lasts, the more experts it will continue to summon into battle." Fairy Zi Wei frowned, feeling both worried and glad.


 Thankfully, she had placed priority on dealing with Longevity Heaven, this killer move was really troublesome. If they had used star cast earlier, the loss of Qin Song and the scattering of Heavenly Court’s experts would likely allow Longevity Heaven to succeed and rush out of the qi wall.


 After all, there were few Gu Immortals left in Heavenly Court, and Yuan Qiong Du and the others had to preside over the refinement path Gu formation, the only main force that could block Calamity Luck Altar was Duke Long.


 Duke Long gazed at the phantom River of Time for a while, before slowly withdrawing his gaze.


 He sighed in his heart, he could not unravel this killer move, it was like how he could not deal with the ’support of the future’ killer move that Red Lotus Demon Venerable used back then.


 "If it can’t be broken directly, then all we need to do is to demolish Calamity Luck Altar." Thinking of this, Duke Long slowly clenched his fists and stepped into the battlefield.


 Ye Qiao Zi suddenly coughed blood, the killer move backlash caused him to suffer heavy injuries.


 He had been cooperating with Duke Long to investigate and restrain Calamity Luck Altar. But how could the rank eight Immortal Gu House be so easily restrained?


 Ye Qiao Zi had to retreat into the qi wall, while Calamity Luck Altar stirred, trying to break through the qi wall.


 Duke Long silently approached Calamity Luck Altar.


 "Block him!" Bing Sai Chuan ordered coldly.


 He was someone from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s generation, while most of the experts of Northern Plains were descendants of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, so they naturally listened to him.


 Nu Er Bao Xiong was the first to strike, hundreds of lightning balls smashed towards Duke Long.


 Boom boom boom!


 With a series of deafening explosions, smoke and dust rose, Nu Er Bao Xiong laughed wildly: "Have you tasted my power yet? Hahaha... uh."


 A figure gradually walked out of the smoke and dust.


 Duke Long’s face was indifferent, his body as straight as a spear, his violet-gold dragon scales still gleaming, leaving only a trace of ash at most.


 Nu Er Bao Xiong was furious, he stared with glaring eyes, his aura soaring wildly: "Take this move from me again!"


 He held his hands above his head and countless thunderbolts gathered into a huge deep blue lightning ball.


 The surface of the lightning ball was lingering with electricity, but inside it was dark and deep, Nu Er Bao Xiong threw it like a meteor shooting towards Duke Long.


 Duke Long was finally willing to avert his gaze, but only gave a glance at the lightning ball.


 He waved his hand.


 Rumble!


 The air currents soared, forming a big hand, and with a slap on the back of his hand, the lightning ball was sent flying far away with ease.


 Nu Er Bao Xiong’s powerful killer move was thus dealt with by Duke Long.


 At the next moment, Yu Yang Zi, Liu Hui, and Liu Liu Liu attacked one after another, while Duke Long went straight to Calamity Luck Altar without looking at them.


 Only by destroying Calamity Luck Altar would call of the ancient be stopped!


 Boom!


 Calamity Luck Altar was punched by Duke Long and sunk into the ground.


 A fist crater appeared on the surface of the Immortal Gu House, a large number of Gu worms died in battle, even the Immortal Gu were damaged.


 The killer moves of the Northern Plains experts seemed like a downpour of rain, drowning Duke Long.


 But after the continuous bombardment, Duke Long was still standing, only a light layer of soot was added on his face.


 "How is this possible?"


 "How can this person be so strong!"


 "He is Duke Long, the master of Red Lotus Demon Venerable!"


 Someone identified Duke Long as the Gu Immortals of Northern Plains drew a sharp breath of cold air.


 He was an old monster!


 But at the next moment, the morale of the people of Northern Plains soared again. They had a brave nature, the stronger Duke Long was, the more excited they became.


 "Kill! Kill! Kill!"


 "Decapitate this old fellow!"


 "Protect Calamity Luck Altar and break out of the qi wall."


 The Northern Plains Gu Immortals roared wildly, fighting to break out and setting off a flurry of attacks.


 "These Northern Plains lunatics!"


 "Hmph, brutish cavemen."


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals had to retreat and back off for a while.


 Faced with the relentless spirit of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals to fight to the death, Duke Long could not continue to ignore it this time.


 He snorted lightly: "Annoying pests."


 As soon as his words fell, the aura around him changed.


 Qi currents rushed and spread everywhere, while Duke Long’s body became firm like a mountain, his aura soared rapidly.


 The killer move was prepared as Duke Long waved his hand.


 Whoosh—!


 Air was forcefully pushed aside, five grand qi waves flew forward overbearingly.


 Everywhere they went, the killer moves of Northern Plains’ experts broke apart like paper, they could not stop the qi waves.


 It was immortal killer move — Qi Current Scissors!


 Duke Long extended his hand to the sky and pointed.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Breath Mountain.


 Rumble!


 A huge translucent mountain created from qi currents descended and pressed down immediately.


 The Northern Plains Gu Immortals wanted to escape, but several of them could not dodge, they were pushed down by the qi breath mountain as it crashed towards Calamity Luck Altar, turning into meat paste on the spot.


 The entire mountain of qi currents pressed down on Calamity Luck Altar so hard that the ground was shaking violently.


 Calamity Luck Altar was originally ready to attack, but now, it was immobilized.


 Duke Long unleashed two moves in a row, the effect was immediate, he suppressed the entire battle.


 Bing Sai Chuan’s expression was livid, his heart sank to rock bottom. He now realized that they could not break through the qi wall with their own strength alone! Ignoring the other Gu Immortals, just Duke Long alone was a mountain they could not pass.


 It was not that Bing Sai Chuan had no other trump cards.


 In the previous life, he asked Limitless to turn around, restraining Duke Long for a long time, he was unable to move entirely.


 But in this life, Calamity Luck Altar was too far away from Imperfection Regret Pavilion, this method could not be used. In the previous life, Calamity Luck Altar reached Central Great Hall before asking for Limitless’ help.


 "We can only ask Fang Yuan for help!" Bing Sai Chuan had a thought in his mind.



***
Chapter 1928 Fang Yuan Takes Action


***





 



 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had once told Bing Sai Chuan: If the plan to attack Heavenly Court fails, and Longevity Heaven loses all hope of getting fate Gu, they would need to ask the crucial person for reinforcement.


 "Who is the crucial person?" Back then, Bing Sai Chuan asked this question.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable then answered him: "Whoever destroys Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is the crucial person. When the time comes, you will definitely know."


 Longevity Heaven’s plan was to refine destiny Gu, they needed to snatch fate Gu first.


 But unlike the previous life, Bing Sai Chuan had suffered a serious setback this time. He had no choice but to ask for help from Fang Yuan.


 By the time he received the letter from Bing Sai Chuan, Fang Yuan was already in Central Continent, hiding inside a formation of the organization Defy.


 This large formation was set up by Shadow Sect and left for Defy to use as a base camp. However, after the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, Shadow Sect perished, Defy was uprooted by Fairy Zi Wei, resulting in this formation turning vacant.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan used this formation to successfully kill Zhou Xiong Xin. In this life, the situation had changed and Fang Yuan retreated early, not tangling with Zhou Xiong Xin too much in order to guard against the killer move people’s accusation. As a result, Zhou Xiong Xin survived and became a fierce member of the main force of Heavenly Court, while this formation in Defy was preserved.


 "To think that Longevity Heaven would encounter such trouble." Fang Yuan’s eyes flickered as he rapidly pondered.


 He had been unaware of the situation in Heavenly Court now, this letter containing Bing Sai Chuan’s request for help described their precarious predicament in detail.


 Compared to the previous life, Fang Yuan soon found the key to Longevity Heaven’s problem, they were relocated into the qi wall the moment they arrived.


 "It should be because of Qin Ding Ling. With a luck path Gu Immortal like her, Heavenly Court could find out Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangement in advance, they even managed to use this to ambush Longevity Heaven instead." Fang Yuan understood.


 "This is yet another change."


 "There is also call of the ancient... so it turns out that once Calamity Luck Altar activates it, it can teleport immediately. In the previous life, Bing Sai Chuan used this against Duke Long."


 Before getting this information, Fang Yuan had been wondering about Heavenly Court’s method to use star cast on a large scale, trying to find a way to break it.


 How greatly Fairy Zi Wei valued it and did everything possible to preserve the method was how greatly Fang Yuan wanted to destroy it!


 By now, Fang Yuan had deduced that this formation was in Heavenly Court, with the core being Star Constellation Chessboard and the countless stars scattered in the sky. The power of the formation was projected onto these stars, using them as the springboard to create a large scale star cast effect.


 Fang Yuan did not deduce that Qin Song was the key figure.


 In his previous life, Qin Song made a very brief appearance and died after escorting the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to Hidden Dragon Cave.


 Later, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals did not inform Fang Yuan of this information.


 Lacking this crucial clue, Fang Yuan’s deduction had hit an impasse.


 But now he had become somewhat aware of it.


 "According to the information conveyed by Bing Sai Chuan, although Fairy Zi Wei did not participate in the siege, she also appeared outside the qi wall to observe the battle. That’s a bit strange, this massive use of star cast should exert all her effort, yet she’s still able to distract herself."


 "Someone is helping her!"


 "Who is that? Is there another wisdom path great expert? Or did others cooperate to create a successful large scale use of star cast?"


 Fang Yuan quickly threw away this train of thought.


 Now was not the time to contemplate this question, he had to make a decision as soon as possible!


 As a wisdom path Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan was now like a chess player who was playing against Fairy Zi Wei.


 Both sides had their own chess pieces.


 Fairy Zi Wei was clearly a number of pieces ahead, not only in her own wisdom path attainment, but also Heavenly Court’s unity, and in the current situation, she had a distinct advantage.


 Fang Yuan had a seemingly huge force at his disposal, but in reality, they were fighting on their own, he could only exert influence and push his agenda on the people of the four regions subtly.


 Although his subordinates were numerous and far surpassed the previous life, few were qualified to participate in a battle of such a level.


 Fang Yuan fully considered the entire Central Continent battlefield once again.


 In Infallible blessed land, the Southern Border Gu Immortals entered the battlefield and fought, breaking formations one after another, but this was not a concern for the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, there were endless sub-formations.


 In the battlefield of Hidden Dragon Cave, the Eastern Sea immortals were trapped in a large formation and were struggling to break it. However, it was clear that Old Man Bei Feng could still hold on for a while longer.


 As for Emperor City’s battlefield, the Western Desert Gu Immortals were still on their way, their morale was low too.


 In Heavenly Court’s battlefield, Longevity Heaven was completely at a disadvantage, and since they were ambushed by Heavenly Court, they had completely lost the initiative.


 "Of the four main battlefields, the most important is still Heavenly Court’s battlefield. Fate Gu is in Heavenly Court, if we want to win this battle, we must destroy fate Gu." Fang Yuan thought, just like Fairy Zi Wei’s analysis, both sides knew where the most important place was.


 "That being the case, we cannot lose in Heavenly Court! Longevity Heaven’s performance is so disappointing, I was hoping that they would cause problems for Heavenly Court and trigger Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s painting path methods first."


 Fang Yuan knew that he had to support Bing Sai Chuan even though he had deceived Fang Yuan for his own interests in the previous life, and also in this current life. For the sake of the entire situation, Fang Yuan had to provide support.


 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 Immortal killer move — Chaotic Dragon Fist!


 Steel fists shook Calamity Luck Altar, the force of the punch caused tremors as countless Gu worms perished instantly.


 Within Calamity Luck Altar, Mao Li Qiu shouted: "Let me out! Let me hold him back."


 Bing Sai Chuan had a cold expression and shook his head: "No, you are no match for him. You’ll be courting death if you go. You’re not like the others, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals will target you."


 Duke Long ignored Northern Plains’ generations of experts, he let the other Heavenly Court members deal with them.


 Heavenly Court knew clearly that they could only stop call of the ancient by destroying Calamity Luck Altar.


 But once Mao Li Qiu entered battle, it would be different. It was a fierce general of Longevity Heaven, it had great strength and killing Mao Li Qiu would greatly weaken Longevity Heaven, he would definitely take action.


 Immortal killer move — World Shaking Dragon Hammer!


 Duke Long shouted, he raised his fists above his head and smashed down like a giant hammer.


 The surface of Calamity Luck Altar shattered, a huge amount of Gu worms died, their carcasses flying everywhere. A large hole was smashed open on the surface of Calamity Luck Altar, it was only the size of a finger but the inside could be seen!


 Duke Long roared: "Longevity Heaven, only defeat awaits you. This outcome was already predetermined from the moment you tried to attack Heavenly Court."


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals cheered, their morale climbing to its peak.


 "The might of Duke Long is overwhelming!" Bing Sai Chuan sighed long and hard, feeling a sense of powerlessness.


 "Why hasn’t Fang Yuan come to support us?" Five Elements Grandmaster called out, inevitably revealing a sense of trepidation.


 "As far as I know, Fang Yuan is only rank seven, even if he repeatedly defeated Heavenly Court, he was only taking advantage of the River of Time. If he comes to support us, will he really be able to change the battle situation? Even if he brings out Myriad Year Flying Warship, the other side has Duke Long." Bull Demon spoke, expressing doubt.


 Indeed, as of now, it would be difficult to resist Duke Long with just two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses.


 Duke Long’s battle strength was too astounding!


 What was even more unbelievable to them was that with every passing moment, Duke Long grew stronger endlessly.


 This was unreasonable!


 Mao Li Qiu snorted: "That lad took Reverse Flow River in front of my very eyes, at least with that killer move alone, even if he’s only rank seven, he can resist Duke Long and take the pressure off us."


 "Fang Yuan will definitely support us." Bing Sai Chuan smiled: "I don’t know much about him, but I believe in Lord Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!"


 Just as this was said, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals actually began to retreat.


 They had the qi wall to rely on, thus retreating quite smoothly.


 Soon, only Duke Long was left on the scene.


 In the meantime, Zi Wei Fairy dispatched urgently: "Quick, we must send support quickly. The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation in Infallible blessed land is about to collapse! Hidden Dragon Cave’s formation is also facing destruction!"


 Zhou Xiong Xin and the others were shocked as someone asked: "How could the situation change for the worse so quickly?"


 Fairy Zi Wei said: "Fang Yuan is making a move."


 "Oh? Even so, the unceasing formation won’t collapse so swiftly!"


 "He showed up in person?"


 "Let’s take him out! We will kill this source of chaos for the sake of the world!"


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were all excited.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had repeatedly defeated Heavenly Court, causing many of the Gu Immortals to become angry. After Fang Yuan relied on his knowledge to extend his advantage in the River of Time, Heavenly Court lost the lead and failed miserably during the battle of the stone lotus island, suffering huge losses.


 Now that the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was held, Fang Yuan had to attack. The battlefield was placed in Central Continent, the Gu Immortals were eager to see how much territorial advantage Fang Yuan could exploit this time!


 But Fairy Zi Wei shook her head slightly: "Fang Yuan has not shown himself, I’m afraid the ones outside are only his subordinates."


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were stunned.


 Mere subordinates could cause the two immortal formations to break apart?


 Fairy Zi Wei explained: "In Hidden Dragon Cave, Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace appeared, they used a large number of dream realms to erode the formation."


 The truth dawned on the immortals, they had an understanding of Fang Yuan’s dream realm methods.


 They had already expected this, dream path was an era ahead, it was only natural that the formation would be broken.


 "But we have Feng Jin Huang guarding the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation. Although she’s only a rank five Gu Master, she can use the power of the immortal formation to unleash the dream path killer move shatter dream, and transform dream realms into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies." Zhou Xiong Xin expressed his confusion.


 Fairy Zi Wei said in a complex tone: "That’s because he did not use dream path methods against the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, but rule path instead."


 "Rule path?!" Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals gasped in amazement once again.


 "Rule path?" Within the Infallible blessed land battlefield, the Southern Alliance immortals looked at the formation in front of them with great surprise.


 They had broken several formations in a row, but they had learned from Fang Yuan that this was the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, while they were feeling annoyed and troubled, this nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation broke apart on its own.


 When they exited the formation, the Southern Alliance immortals saw a large formation suspended high in the sky, constantly emitting a five-colored smoke miasma.


 The smoke miasma infiltrated the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, forcing Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals to dismantle the sub-formations on their own.


 "These are reinforcements of Fang Yuan, this formation was created by Southern Border Gu Immortal Tao Zhu, it is called the five regional limit formation, it can emit a smoke miasma and create a formation similar to the environment of the five regions’ regional walls." Wu Yong received a letter from Fang Yuan at this time and explained with a rather complicated expression.



***
Chapter 1929 Evil Dragon Escapes


***





 



 "To think that there would be such an amazing formation that can counter the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation!"


 "To think that our Southern Border’s Gu Immortal, Tao Zhu, created it..."


 "It seems that we had greatly underestimated this person."


 "Fang Yuan actually possesses this method, when did he get it?"


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals conversed as they sighed in amazement.


 Fang Yuan had extorted and blackmailed them, but now it was Fang Yuan who had stepped in to support them, which made the Southern Border Gu Immortals all feel quite complicated.


 At this moment, the voice of Zhan Bu Du came from within the five regional limit formation: "Southern Border, please do not lower your guard yet. Heavenly Court will not sit around as they lose control of this battlefield, they will surely send reinforcements."


 "In that case, please also open the immortal formation and let us defend within it." A Southern Border Gu Immortal replied.


 Zhan Bu Du smiled lightly, not hiding his contempt in the slightest: "There is no need to say such naive words. Whether you all fight or retreat, it depends on your willingness. If you don’t want to fight, just scram."


 "You..." The Southern Border Gu Immortal who answered had a change of expression from anger.


 At this moment, more than ten giant pillars of starlight shone down, the main force of the Heavenly Court really did come to help out!


 "This is the formation! Tear it down!" Zhang Fei Xiong took the lead.


 Zhan Bu Du was silent and began to activate the formation with his concentration, the five-colored smoke miasma not only defended itself but also spread incessantly to the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation.


 Even though the latter formation was created by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it had to dismantle the sub-formations at the moment, it was stalling for as much time as possible.


 "Let’s take action and do our best to protect the five regional limit formation." Wu Yong did not hesitate and immediately ordered.


 "Lord, but this is Fang Yuan. Haven’t you been opposing..." Someone was unwilling.


 Wu Yong gave this person a fierce stare and spoke in a stern tone, "Everything is for the big picture!"


 His prestige was high, Wu clan was also the number one force in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, their leadership had become a tradition.


 The Southern Alliance Gu Immortals immediately engaged in a fierce battle with the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 With their help, Zhan Bu Du was relieved internally, the pressure on his shoulders dissipated mostly, and the five-colored smoke miasma spread even more menacingly.


 With the cry of a phoenix, flames dazzled and the figure of Prince Feng Xian appeared.


 He had sharp eyes and a golden cloak on his back, he opened his mouth to breathe out a monstrous flame.


 The flames burned in the five-colored smoke miasma, sweeping towards the immortals of Southern Border.


 A rank eight Gu Immortal of Southern Border, Yi Hao Fang, immediately transformed into a sea beast and rode the water waves to stop the flames from spreading.


 Jun Shen Guang transformed into a white light, moving through the battlefield, avoiding the four rank eights of Southern Border and attacking the remaining rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Moving along with him were Zhou Xiong Xin, Zhu Que Er and others.


 Unfixed Manor, Flying Sand Pavilion, and Bay Pavilion were all taken out as Southern Border’s rank seven Gu Immortals quickly entered them.


 "Ahhh!"


 A scream was heard as Vortex Space Boy carried the head of a Southern Border Gu Immortal in his hand.


 Taking advantage of this moment, the rest of the Southern Border rank seven immortals entered the Immortal Gu Houses.


 "You guys are moving too slowly." Vortex Space Boy looked at Zhou Xiong Xin and the others as he chuckled.


 "Where are you going?!" Wu Yong snorted coldly and chased after him.


 Vortex Space Boy retaliated with an immortal killer move, obviously prepared in advance.


 Wu Yong raised his hand similarly, setting off a roaring tornado of wind blades, the two killer moves collided with a loud bang, air currents surged, the five-colored smoke miasma rumbled like a dragon.


 Vortex Space Boy and Wu Yong grunted at the same time and their faces turned pale.


 Immortal killer move — Sitting and Eating the Mountain Empty!


 Taking advantage of this time, Zhao Shan He teamed up with Yu Zhu Zi once again to display this powerful killer move.


 "Even if you have Immortal Gu Houses, so what?" Yu Zhu Zi snorted coldly.


 All the Immortals in the Southern Border Immortal Gu Houses were hit by this move and their faces changed color, their Gu worms and immortal essence were all rapidly depleting out of thin air.


 Wu Yong’s pupils shrunk, he advanced instead of retreating: "Defend me!"


 Ba De and Chi Qu You immediately moved to his side.


 The Immortal Gu Houses stayed at the periphery.


 "Stop him!" Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were all experienced in battle, Wu Yong immediately drew all their firepower as he looked like he was about to launch a powerful killer move.


 Chi Qu You and Ba De struggled to resist them but soon lost the ability to continue holding them off.


 One of them was a formation path Gu Immortal while the other had just advanced to rank eight, how could they be a match for the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals?


 In terms of strength alone, Heavenly Court was clearly superior to the immortals of Southern Border. Fortunately, Southern Border had Immortal Gu Houses as well as the five-colored smoke miasma created by Zhan Bu Du, they were huge obstacles for both sides to fight with their full strength, the difference in strength between the two sides was somehow balanced.


 However, even though the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals knew well that the stronger the attacks they used in this miasma, the deeper the backlash they would suffer, they were still brave enough to fight to the death, having a relentless stance as they approached the five regional limit formation without any fear of their lives.


 After some time, the Southern Border immortals’ battle formation started to show signs of crumbling.


 Wan Zi Hong suddenly gave a delicate cry as flower petals flew, attacking the Southern Border Immortal Gu Houses in front of her and forcing them to move aside, forcefully creating a path to move on.


 Zhang Fei Xiong followed, transforming into a bear-headed giant and slamming into the five regional limit formation.


 Boom!


 There was a loud bang and the formation trembled viciously.


 Massive amounts of Gu worms perished, even Zhan Bu Du suffered backlash, spitting out a large mouthful of blood.


 "Ah, that hurts!" The Formation Spirit was in the main formation, it howled miserably as its body suddenly became much more illusory, no longer as solid as before.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were no better.


 They also suffered enormous backlash, but one by one, they gritted their teeth and tried their best to destroy the five regional limit formation.


 "Oh no, the Southern Alliance won’t be able to defend against such a fierce attack from Heavenly Court." Zhan Bu Du secretly gritted his teeth.


 The main power of the five regional limit formation lay in the five-colored smoke miasma, although its defense was also strong, it would never last long under the fierce attack of these Gu Immortals.


 "But even if that’s the case, I’ll fight to the death and try to stall for as long as possible." Zhan Bu Du was already prepared to die.


 Everything was for the big picture, even if it meant sacrificing this clone, he would have no regret.


 Sacrifices should be made when necessary, clones were also merely chess pieces. It was just easier to fully utilize them.


 Even if the five regional limit formation was broken and destroyed, it was still valuable.


 On one hand, it temporarily maintained the Heavenly Court battlefield and protected Longevity Heaven’s members. On the other hand, it gave a crucial amount of time for the battlefield in Hidden Dragon Cave.


 Hidden Dragon Cave.


 A large amount of dream realms were eroding the battlefield, Old Man Bei Feng was livid but unable to do anything about it.


 "Call for help, call for help, grandfather!" Feng Chan Zi shouted in a hurry, his face was pale and covered in cold sweat.


 Old Man Bei Feng did not speak.


 He had already requested for support, but Heavenly Court’s reinforcements were delayed, that did not make sense.


 After all, Heavenly Court had a way to use a large scale star cast method, it would only take an instant for support to come over. If they did not appear at this time, they must have been held back by something.


 A bad feeling filled Old Man Bei Feng’s heart.


 Roar!


 Already sensing the weakening of its bindings, the suppressed Di Zang Sheng within the formation was also struggling at this time, adding onto the burden of the formation.


 Immortal killer move — Mountain Suppression!


 Immortal killer move — Broken Mirror Shard Light!


 Qing Yue An and Song Qi Yuan were the first to break through the restraints, and because of their efforts, the power of the formation was greatly weakened once again. The other Gu Immortals were able to successfully break through one after another.


 The eight Immortals converged, and although they were still inside the formation, they had noticed the change.


 "How could there be so many dream realms!" Zhang Yin pretended not to know and looked surprised.


 "Perhaps Fang Yuan is helping us." Shen Cong Sheng deliberately said, he had actually gotten a message from Fang Yuan: "Who else can control the dream realms besides him?"


 "Why is Fang Yuan here!?" Hua Cai Yun frowned.


 "As the saying goes, great people see eye to eye, he may also try to target Di Zang Sheng." Qing Yue An guessed as he healed his wounds.


 "Then let Fang Yuan go release Di Zang Sheng, should we withdraw now?" Hua Cai Yun hesitated.


 Right at this moment, there was a loud rumble as an Immortal Gu House broke the formation, charging towards the formation core.


 This Immortal Gu House was a majestic palace, emitting an orange-golden glow, it was overbearingly magnificent, and the surface of the palace was filled with dragon-shaped carvings.


 Hua Cai Yun, Qing Yue An and the others were stunned, although they were seeing it for the first time, they all guessed the name of this Immortal Gu House at the same time — Dragon Palace!


 There was a loud rumble as Dragon Palace crashed through the core area.


 Old Man Bei Feng howled and fell to the ground, he suffered a strong backlash, he was currently in a terrible state, having less than ten percent of his battle strength left.


 Immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!


 Dreamy light smoke, with a gentle movement, moved Old Man Bei Feng into the palace and sealed him with ease.


 Feng Chan Zi who was beside Old Man Bei Feng also got swept into this smoke.


 Seeing a rank eight Gu Immortal being suppressed so easily, the Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortals could not help but show changes of expressions. Only half of them were genuine, while the other half were disguising their emotions as they knew about the truth.


 Wu Shuai controlled Dragon Palace, and after capturing Old Man Bei Feng, he plunged down into the depths of the Earth Trench, ignoring the eight Eastern Sea immortals.


 Qing Yue An and the others looked very pale, realizing that they were being used as cannon fodder and bait by Fang Yuan.


 A moment later, they heard another deafening dragon roar, the earth shook as heaven and earth changed color, a huge Evil Dragon slowly rose up.


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals panicked and retreated, looking up.


 The Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng was so huge that it was like a mountain range, flying high in the sky, enveloping heaven and earth, it could shroud the brilliance of the sun and moon!


 Thankfully, Di Zang Sheng did not find trouble with the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals and flew directly to the west.


 "Central Continent is in for a world of trouble, haha."


 "Strange, where did Dragon Palace go?"


 "What? You want to fight against Fang Yuan? Let’s leave now."


 "You all saw the move that Dragon Palace just used to capture Old Man Bei Feng, right? It’s a dream path killer move!"


 The Eastern Sea immortals stopped their conversation, they did not dare to stay longer.


 Fang Yuan’s demonic might had shocked rank eights, after all, Heavenly Court had been defeated by Fang Yuan several times. Now that he used the methods of Dragon Palace, he shocked these unsuspecting Gu Immortals even more.


 "Di Zang Sheng has been released, it will definitely create chaos in Central Continent, creating a good opportunity for us."


 "No, don’t forget how the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals appeared before the war started. I don’t want a dozen or so Heavenly Court rank eights suddenly appearing around me when I’m on the move."


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were also communicating while flying away, they frowned when this was brought up.


 They had originally planned to release Di Zang Sheng to deplete Central Continent’s foundation and attract firepower to facilitate their actions. But Heavenly Court possessed the method to use a large scale star cast, nullifying the effectiveness of this plan.



***
Chapter 1930 Qi Ci Lang


***





 



 To continue with their previous plan, Eastern Sea’s immortals would have to first unravel Heavenly Court’s method, otherwise, it would be too dangerous.


 Shen Cong Sheng looked at the sky, thinking of the information that Fang Yuan gave him, he spoke: "It is not impossible to unravel Heavenly Court’s method. Heavenly Court purposely arranged a large number of stars in white heaven and used them to relocate Gu Immortals to anywhere in Central Continent."


 The other Gu Immortals’ eyes brightened at the news.


 "Then we should destroy these stars."


 "But if we attack white heaven, wouldn’t we be provoking Heavenly Court, what if the main force of Heavenly Court besieges us again?"


 Some Gu Immortals were hesitant.


 Granny Rong spoke slowly and logically: "There is indeed such a risk."


 Zhang Yin sneered: "What are you afraid of? If you can’t beat them, can’t you escape? Just pay some attention to prevent Heavenly Court from making use of a battlefield killer move, if we engage in a hit and run situation, can Heavenly Court waste their time chasing us?"


 "Haha, Zhang Yin’s words are reasonable." Yang Zi He’s eyebrows raised, he caressed his palm and smiled: "Currently, the situation in Central Continent is chaotic with battles everywhere, Di Zang Sheng has even been released. We have already provoked Heavenly Court at this point, what is there to hesitate?"


 Shi Miao acted like he was contemplating: "It seems that Heavenly Court cannot cope with so many battlefields at the moment. If not, why wouldn’t they come over to fight us? Why would they let us free Di Zang Sheng?"


 Song Qi Yuan nodded: "Heavenly Court is already overwhelmed, it seems that the Southern Border Gu Immortals have found the location of Infallible blessed land and are storming the battlefield, attacking Heavenly Court’s formation. The Western Desert immortals are heading to Emperor City. The Northern Plains Gu Immortals are still nowhere to be seen, but these barbarians are bound to join in the chaotic battle. And with Di Zang Sheng rampaging as well... In my opinion, I’m afraid Heavenly Court won’t be able to care about us yet."


 With that, the Eastern Sea eight immortals reached a unified opinion once again and acted in unison, heading for white heaven.


 They were still unaware that Longevity Heaven had already engaged with Heavenly Court in a huge battle.


 In their case, Emperor City did not have anything valuable to loot. Infallible blessed land was attractive but Southern Border and Heavenly Court were already fighting there, it was better to avoid it.


 Heavenly Court.


 Fairy Zi Wei stayed in Central Great Hall to oversee the situation, all sorts of new information reached her continuously.


 Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals entered white heaven, their motive was very clear, they wanted to destroy the stars that Heavenly Court had arranged.


 But it was not a problem.


 When they set up the stars as an arrangement, Heavenly Court made considerations. Fairy Zi Wei decided to ignore them.


 These stars were placed in a scattered manner, they were far from each other, if Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals wanted to destroy them, they would need to spend a lot of time.


 In other words, Heavenly Court was using these star immortal materials to stall eight rank eight Gu Immortals, this was extremely worth it, Fairy Zi Wei was happy to see them take action.


 After all, with Qin Song’s condition, they could only use a large scale star cast method four more times. Before Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals destroy all the stars, these four uses would likely be expended.


 What worried Fairy Zi Wei was Di Zang Sheng.


 In truth, Di Zang Sheng escaping was not too worrying to Fairy Zi Wei.


 But the problem was, after escaping, Di Zang Sheng acted very strangely, it did not create chaos and destruction wantonly, it flew away calmly and was not in a maniacal state.


 This was different from historical records.


 "Was it subdued by Dragon Palace?" Fairy Zi Wei could not help but think of this.


 It was easy to deduce it.


 Firstly, Heavenly Court had records that Dragon Palace was an enslavement path Immortal Gu House, everyone knew that. Secondly, Fang Yuan sent Dragon Palace to attack Hidden Dragon Cave, he must have had some intention. Dragon Palace displayed powerful dream path methods, with its battle strength, Fang Yuan would not use it in a non-crucial battlefield!


 "If Fang Yuan’s previous idea was to use Dragon Palace to subdue Di Zang Sheng, then him dispatching his subordinates to set up a large formation to restrain the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation and attract the main force of our Heavenly Court to attack furiously is just bait. At the same time, the attack of the eight Eastern Sea immortals is also a smokescreen that he threw." Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with cold light.


 "Fang Yuan was actually able to influence the eight immortals of Eastern Sea? How did he do it? Among the eight immortals of Eastern Sea, it seems there are members of Fang Yuan’s group, or those who secretly work with him. I’m afraid that there are quite a few of these members, there are at least two of them."


 Fairy Zi Wei speculated: "But what if Fang Yuan coincidentally happened to be there? The eight immortals of Eastern Sea unexpectedly had the same goal as him, allowing him to benefit by chance. This is also quite possible. After all, Fang Yuan has Giant Sun’s true inheritance, his luck has constantly been good. Qin Ding Ling is on our side, but she is still healing. Altering Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangement had a much larger price than we expected."


 Even if he was an opponent, Fairy Zi Wei could not help but admire Fang Yuan.


 She also had to admit, Fang Yuan had done a beautiful job in the Hidden Dragon Cave battlefield!


 The bad feeling in her heart was still deepening, Fairy Zi Wei’s attention was mostly focusing on Di Zang Sheng.


 "Most likely, it is being controlled by Fang Yuan. Then where exactly is it going to reinforce the enemy?"


 "Emperor City is the nearest battlefield, the elite Gu Masters have just arrived, they have yet to officially begin the final round of the Refinement Path Convention. Destroying Emperor City will greatly delay the restoration of fate Gu."


 "It is also likely to go to the Hairy Foot Mountain battlefield. Wiping out the main force of Heavenly Court at once is also Fang Yuan’s style. Even if the main force of Heavenly Court is teleported back by me, he will still find a way to destroy Infallible blessed land. Once he destroys the blessed land, then at least this time, our restoration of fate Gu will have to be suspended."


 "Of course, Heavenly Court’s battlefield is also a possibility. Since Longevity Heaven can come in unannounced, it is also possible that Fang Yuan can come. After all, he has obtained Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s true inheritance, so he might have access to such a backdoor secretly."


 For the first time since the start of the war, Fairy Zi Wei felt passive.


 If the large scale star cast method could teleport Duke Long as well, it would be great. However, unfortunately, Duke Long’s might became an obstacle to the teleportation. To make a comparison, the Heavenly Court rank eights were like a dozen rabbits, while Duke Long was a full-grown elephant, the difference between the two was considerably big, the star cast method could not move Duke Long.


 Immortal killer move — Decomposition!


 Northern Plains Gu Immortal Yu Yang Zi used his signature method, this killer move was largely the reason why he was famous in history.


 Decomposition hit Duke Long directly, his body paused for a moment, as he looked at Yu Yang Zi, he had a plain expression: "Oh, that’s decomposition. You are Yu Yang Zi?"


 When Duke Long said that, he was hundreds of steps away from Yu Yang Zi.


 After he said that, purple-gold dragon-shaped qi flickered as he was teleported right in front of Yu Yang Zi.


 At this moment, Yu Yang Zi’s pupils shrank to pin size as his heart pounded wildly with alarms and warnings.


 He tried to retreat but it was clearly just an extravagant hope — his neck was steadily choked by a large hand.


 It was Duke Long’s hand, covered in purple-gold dragon scales, with fingers as sharp as blades.


 Yu Yang Zi had already activated his defensive killer move, but the killer move’s light was like glass, it shattered under the force of the monstrous dragon claws.


 Before dying, Yu Yang Zi roared and self-detonated, an intense explosion resounded, the terrifying shock wave spread out intensely, shaking all the surroundings.


 The smoke and dust dissipated, the figure of Duke Long remained standing like a pillar of heaven.


 "Immortals of Northern Plains, what else do you have other than a lack of fear for death?" Duke Long’s tone was plain, but it spread throughout the battlefield.


 The Northern Plains immortals gnashed their teeth, but could not refute it.


 Although the main force of Heavenly Court had all withdrawn with only Duke Long left, even with only Duke Long alone, Calamity Luck Altar still could not make an inch of progress. They could only rely on call of the ancient to constantly summon powerful experts of Northern Plains in history to maintain the battle situation.


 "And this!" Suddenly, Liu Liu Liu’s figure appeared behind Duke Long’s back.


 Duke Long’s body shook.


 The grey light dagger in Liu Liu Liu’s hand was thrust into his back, even the purple-gold dragon scales could not block this method.


 This was Liu Liu Liu’s signature killer move — Despicable Penetrating Blade!


 In the previous life, Liu Liu Liu had killed many members of Heavenly Court with this move, and even severely injured Fairy Zi Wei. At that time, if not for Wu Shuang blocking most of the power, Fairy Zi Wei would have died tragically in his hands.


 "Good!" Seeing this scene, the Northern Plains immortals were suddenly energized.


 Since the start of the war, no matter how furiously the Northern Plains immortals attacked, this was the first time that Duke Long was wounded like this.


 However, Liu Liu Liu’s face changed abruptly, he could not hide his shock.


 Although his killer move dagger had pierced into Duke Long’s body, it was like the blade got stuck in a block of iron, unable to move a single inch!


 "A human path killer move? Not bad, it fits your temperament." Duke Long slowly turned around and stretched out his hand, steadily grasping Liu Liu Liu’s head.


 At this moment, Liu Liu Liu suddenly realized: "Duke Long purposely got hit by my move, he used his body as bait to trap me!"


 It was not that he did not want to escape, but he could not.


 Like the dagger in his hand, he could not move.


 Slap.


 With a cracking sound, Liu Liu Liu’s skull was like a watermelon easily crushed by Duke Long, his headless corpse immediately fell down, the grey dagger in his hand dissipated instantly.


 "Who else?!" Duke Long raised his arms and shouted, his body was like iron, having grown to twice the size of a normal man, his long purple hair dancing wildly in a monstrous wave of sounds.


 The Northern Plains immortals responded to him with countless killer moves.


 Rumble...


 There were dazzling light shadows, countless killer moves were stacked on top of each other, Duke Long rushed out brutally, displaying world shaking dragon hammer and ruthlessly slamming into Calamity Luck Altar.


 With a loud bang, Calamity Luck Altar flew back dozens of steps, creating a long trench on the ground.


 The front that was hit by Duke Long was completely caved in, forming a shockingly deep pit.


 "There is no time to repair damage of such a level!" Bing Sai Chuan thudded, his heart sinking violently.


 Bull Demon, Flower Lady, and Five Elements Grandmaster were trying to repair Calamity Luck Altar, they froze at this moment.


 If Calamity Luck Altar broke, Longevity Heaven’s members would immediately lose this battle, they would die without a proper burial!


 But at the moment when Duke Long was about to attack again, a black light flew out from the River of Time.


 The black light followed the hole in the front of Calamity Luck Altar and shot into its interior, transforming into a young and handsome looking Gu Immortal with curly black hair hanging down his waist.


 With a wave of his palm, the young Gu Immortal’s dark light surged, quickly repairing the damage of Calamity Luck Altar and saving Longevity Heaven from the brink of defeat!


 Bing Sai Chuan’s body shook intensely: "Seventh Prince!"


 Duke Long snorted coldly: "So it’s Giant Sun’s child."


 The young looking Gu Immortal was the seventh child of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he was known as Seventh Prince, he nodded: "Duke Long, with me, Qi Ci Lang, here, it will be much harder for you to destroy Calamity Luck Altar now."



***
Chapter 1931 Shen Shangs Solution


***





 



 "This is Central Continent’s Emperor City?" Ye Fan followed the main group as they walked into Emperor City, he looked around and assessed the place.


 He was a Southern Border Gu Master, but he had heard of Emperor City’s famous name long ago.


 This was the largest mortal city in Central Continent, or rather, the entire five regions world. Here, rank three Gu Masters were very commonly seen, but in Southern Border, rank three Gu Masters were normally authoritative elders in their clans.


 This was the first time Ye Fan visited Emperor City.


 Emperor City lived up to its name, it was well guarded and had a grand structure, Ye Fan was not disappointed.


 "However, compared to an Immortal Gu House, Emperor City is far inferior." Thinking of this, Ye Fan looked at the sky.


 In the sky, there were several Immortal Gu Houses floating silently.


 There was a pavilion, exquisite and small, there were countless bird cages hanging on it, birds chirped continuously. This was Heavenly Lotus Sect’s Canary Pavilion.


 There was a garden that was exquisitely built, it was grand with white jade tiles and oozing with cold air, there were faint dragon roars heard occasionally, this was Ancient Soul Sect’s Immortal Gu House, Frost Dragon Manor.


 There was also a seven-story tower, curtains were fluttering in the building, it was Wind Cloud Manor’s rank seven Immortal Gu House, Wind Sweeping Building.


 There was also Combat Immortal Sect’s Edge Link Camp which had grand flags fluttering with the wind.


 Other than those, Illusion Garden, Yue Yang Palace, and Sun and Moon Temple were there.


 Ye Fan’s master was Lu Wei Yin, he learned a lot of information regarding Gu Immortals from him, he could discern most of the famous Immortal Gu Houses.


 These Immortal Gu Houses were not as large as Emperor City, but they were much more dazzling, they were the center of attention that all of the city people were talking about.


 At this time, a youngster beside him sighed: "It seems that the rumors are correct. The world is going to change, immortals are going to battle. A chaotic great era is coming, the difference between mortal and immortal will shrink! This is our plan too, isn’t that right, Brother Ye?"


 Ye Fan looked at the youngster as he nodded: "You are correct, Brother Hong."


 Similar to the previous life, Ye Fan and Hong Yi met in the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention and became sworn brothers after they interacted.


 Hong Yi smiled: "This Refinement Path Convention is unprecedented, let those Gu Immortals fight in the sky, it is not something we can interfere in."


 "Haha, that makes sense, let us have a true competition this time!" Ye Fan patted Hong Yi’s shoulders.


 The two brothers were filled with fighting spirit.


 Hong Yi said: "I have a feeling that the eventual winner of this Refinement Path Convention will be one of us."


 Shen Shang’s ears twitched, he heard the entire conversation between Hong Yi and Ye Fan without missing a word.


 These two were mortals, but Shen Shang kept a trace of his concentration on them at all times.


 "In the future five regions chaotic war, these two youngsters likely have an opportunity to become immortal." Shen Shang was a human path quasi-supreme, he had a strong premonition when it came to humans.


 Over at Heavenly Court, people’s united hearts and other human path killer moves were all used already, Unfettered Scholar and Zheng Qing had been expelled.


 But Shen Shang still managed to disguise himself and enter the final competition ground, he was not suspected at all.


 He was after all a rank eight Gu Immortal and also a human path quasi-supreme grandmaster!


 Shen Shang observed his surroundings, he became gradually excited.


 "My estimations earlier were not wrong, this Emperor City is one of the main human veins of Central Continent!"


 Mountains had mountain veins, the earth had earth veins, and humans had human veins.


 "Emperor City was created by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, after so many years of relocation and movement, it still remained as the largest gathering spot of humans, it stayed on the trail of Central Continent’s human vein all along."


 "This place produces human talents, it is because of Central Continent’s main human vein. Heavenly Court’s generations of Immortal Venerables have left their human path methods here, hmm... I can vaguely sense their existence."


 Fang Yuan used his rebirth as the reason to urge Shen Shang to take action and try to unravel the various venerable human path methods.


 This was a challenging mission, it spurred on Shen Shang’s morale and ambition.


 Fang Yuan and the rest could not sense any of the traces of these human path killer moves. But for Shen Shang, he could trace and locate them.


 Thus, he disguised himself and entered Emperor City, he finally found a chance to destroy the venerable killer moves.


 "Heavenly Court is collecting human will and storing it inside Heavenly Court for use."


 "That place is too tightly defended, if we cannot enter Heavenly Court, we will not be able to destroy the human will. If we cannot destroy the human will, we cannot drain them of this resource."


 "However... taking action here will also have superb effects."


 "Heavenly Court is collecting human will, Emperor City plays a crucial role in this process, it is the largest shipment area they have to transport the human will."


 "If I destroy this place, Heavenly Court’s efficiency in gathering human will would fall greatly."


 But Shen Shang did not plan to cause destruction.


 He had a greater objective.


 He wanted to follow the traces with Emperor City as the anchor to find the venerable human path killer moves and reverse-deduce the profundities of their human path methods, to try to steal their knowledge!


 Shen Shang was confident and daring.


 He was not satisfied with just the reputation of unraveling a venerable killer move, he wanted to master the venerable human path methods and gain much more strength in the process.


 "If my human path methods improve, it might be possible to get rid of the problem of the black fire, I will not go berserk anymore."


 Hairy Foot Mountain battlefield.


 Five colored smoke miasma rumbled, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals and Heavenly Court’s main forces had already fought for a long time.


 Bay Pavilion, Flying Sand Pavilion, and Unfixed Manor were heavily damaged, they went to the second defensive line to get repaired.


 At the front lines, there were four rank eights from Southern Border, as well as two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and Great Space Temple.


 Heavenly Court’s main forces had no deaths, their morale was high.


 Zhao Shan He prepared his killer move again, his aura was surging.


 Zhan Bu Du quickly shouted: "Stop him! He is going to use that move again!"


 Wu Yong and Yi Hao Fang gritted their teeth, they wanted to charge in but Ye Qiao Zi and Vortex Space Boy stopped them.


 Zhou Xiong Xin and Flesh Whip Immortal joined hands to obstruct Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 Meanwhile, Zhu Que Er and Wan Zi Hong went from the right and left, bypassing the battlefield to attack the five regional limit formation directly.


 Wu Yong and the rest were left with no choice, they had to return to being defensive.


 They had too few people, it was hard enough to defend, they were not as agile and flexible as Heavenly Court’s group.


 Zhao Shan He successfully used his killer move, he opened his mouth, he sucked in all of the surrounding five colored smoke.


 A large amount of smoke was sucked into his stomach, which expanded at an observable rate. At the same time, his face and muscles turned multicolored.


 Zhao Shan He actually swallowed the five colored smoke, creating a temporary cleared out area.


 Without the restraints of the five colored smoke, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were able to use their full power, they unleashed all sorts of killer moves with terrifying power.


 Wu Yong and the rest resisted, but their defensive line was not tight, killer moves were directed to get through the cracks, after a rough filter by their defenses, the rest landed on the five regional limit formation.


 The five regional limit formation shook intensely, a large number of Gu worms died, a weakened Formation Spirit quickly tried to repair it.


 Zhan Bu Du’s expression was ugly.


 Relying on Zhao Shan He’s food path method, Heavenly Court managed to make a breakthrough, each time they used this method, the five regional limit formation suffered immense damage.


 Even though they were repairing it at full speed, it could not keep up with the waves of attacks that kept on coming.


 As damage accumulated, the five regional limit formation started to get into a dangerous spot.


 What to do?


 Emperor City.


 The final round of the competition was racing against the clock to start.


 Shen Shang was secretly happy.


 He started to refine Gu, using this as a cover, he secretly prepared his killer move.


 "We finally arrived!" Fang Di Chang drove Divine Bean Palace as he charged at the front.


 Behind him was Western Desert’s main troops.


 "To battle!"


 "Force them back!"


 "Defend Emperor City to the death."


 Central Continent’s troops cheered and shouted, they faced off against Western Desert’s Immortal Gu Houses as battle erupted.


 "Wonderful!" Shen Shang, who was paying attention to the outside world, cheered, with Central Continent’s forces being restrained, he had no worries left.


 Right at this moment!


 Bam.


 He erupted with a strong Gu Immortal aura, he shouted as profound white light pierced through the hall, radiating in the entire Emperor City.


 "The venerables have passed away, all of your human path methods should go as well!" Shen Shang’s eyes shined with piercing and blinding light.


 Puff!


 At the next moment, he spat out a mouthful of blood, his body cracked as his lungs burst, his intestines blew into tiny pieces that shot out of the wounds all over his body.


 Failure!


 "How can this be?!" Shen Shang could not believe this, he stared with wide eyes: "I had already..."


 Not only did he fail to resolve the venerable methods, he even triggered them in advance.


 This was human path killer move — Hope of the People!


 White light flew around in the sky like a snowstorm, it gathered on the bodies of the Central Continent Gu Immortals, creating a pure white halo.


 Human path killer move — Heroes Among People!


 The white lights surrounding the Central Continent Gu Immortals started to shrink, while the Gu Immortals’ auras started to grow.


 Howl!


 Central Continent’s army roared, their morale soared as they charged towards Western Desert’s troops.


 "Oh no!" Fang Di Chang’s expression changed.



***
Chapter 1932 Heavenly Courts Grand Migh


***





 



 The white light that spread across the sky was like drifting snow, filling the heaven and earth of Central Continent.


 The first to benefit was Emperor City’s battlefield.


 "So strong, such strong power!" Central Continent’s Gu Immortals had an incredible feeling, their bodies were surging with new strength. This strength was so grand and vast, it felt like an endless tide, sweeping through their bodies and minds constantly.


 All their fatigue was gone.


 Their minds were clear, their fighting spirit also rose sharply.


 Be it rank six, seven, or even rank eight, they felt the same.


 "This is the foundation of my Central Continent’s Heavenly Court!"


 "My strength has at least doubled, and with such an increase, what enemies will I be afraid of?"


 "Charge, kill them, we will defeat all the invaders! Let them know the might of Heavenly Court, the might of Central Continent!!"


 The morale on Central Continent’s side soared like a rainbow, setting off a ferocious frenzy of attacks.


 Western Desert’s side was retreating steadily.


 "Retreat!"


 "Quickly retreat!"


 "Such an amplification is truly terrifying, what kind of killer move is this?"


 "Let’s avoid battle for now, such a powerful killer move cannot last long."


 The Gu Immortals on Western Desert’s side communicated in panic.


 "It’s useless. This is the method of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the two human path killer moves are heroes among people and hope of the people respectively, they have no problem sustaining it throughout the entire battle." Fang Di Chang said.


 The Western Desert side kept retreating, but Divine Bean Palace under Fang Di Chang’s control always remained in place, as if it was their support pillar, with no intention of retreating.


 Fang Di Chang had a cold look on his face.


 He did not expect that Shen Shang’s unraveling would actually cause the killer moves to activate in advance.


 In the previous life, these two human path methods were a rather important trump card that changed the battle situation.


 In this life, Fang Yuan had painstakingly plotted to ally with Shen Shang in order to resolve these two methods. But despite all of his efforts, the results were still unsatisfactory. As far as the current results were concerned, Shen Shang not only failed to restrain and get rid of the two killer moves, he even made the situation more troublesome.


 Heroes among people targeted Gu Immortals themselves, causing their comprehensive battle strength to be amplified to at least double of the original!


 The killer move had terrifying might, after gaining the amplification, the Gu Immortal’s killer moves, including Immortal Gu Houses and immortal formations, would be powered up as well. In a certain aspect, it was even more useful than Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s perfect pair killer move.


 The waves of attacks were like stormy waves, bombarding Divine Bean Palace incessantly.


 Divine Bean Palace was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, but it could not resist such impacts. The surface was cracked and damaged, a large number of Gu worms died quickly and miserably, facing destruction.


 But the power of Divine Bean Palace was in recovery, it followed the cultivation style of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.


 Although a lot of the Gu worms perished, they would be replenished quickly. Injured Gu worms that did not die would even recover quickly!


 Divine Bean Palace was like a golden reef, steadily supporting itself on the front lines, silently enduring the endless bombardment of Central Continent’s forces.


 "As expected of Divine Bean Palace!"


 "Fang clan’s Fang Di Chang is really a worthy leader."


 "Let’s fight, since we’ve come this far, are we going to constantly run away?"


 The morale of the Western Desert army was finally stabilized, their Gu Immortals no longer retreated and faced the Immortal Gu Houses of Central Continent.


 At once, battle started between Immortal Gu Houses.


 Canary Pavilion opened several bird cages, groups of birds flew freely, when they flew out of the bird cages, they swiftly grew and formed a flock of birds, like an overwhelming patch of moving dark clouds.


 Western Desert’s Chicken Dog Coop was not falling behind, releasing a flock of desolate beast chickens and dogs to fight against it.


 After a few moments of contact between the two sides, it became clear that the chicken and dog desolate beasts could not resist, many were killed.


 "I’ll help you!" Dong clan’s Gu Immortals steered Red River Wheel to go and support them.


 Red River Wheel was like a waterwheel, it rolled forward as a huge red light shot out of the wheel, it seemed to resemble a ribbon that tangled the bird group.


 The molten flame birds were immediately suppressed, they were captured by the red light and were all subdued within Red River Wheel.


 "Thanks for the molten flame birds!" Dong clan’s Gu Immortals laughed loudly, the power of Red River Wheel rose by twenty percent because of this!


 Although Western Desert’s side gained a small profit, Chicken Dog Coop still had to cooperate with Red River Wheel to resist Canary Pavilion.


 This was common sense.


 In the battlefield, Western Desert’s Immortal Gu Houses often had to team up against one enemy.


 The Immortal Gu Houses on Central Continent’s side all had great power. Yue Yang Palace shot out grand profound light, piercing the skies, Frost Dragon Manor emitted dragon soul and frost energy, Wind Sweeping Building rampaged with tornadoes, sweeping the battlefield.


 From the first contact, Western Desert’s group was pressured and could barely resist.


 "This cannot go on." Fang Di Chang observed the battlefield, he was a little worried.


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 Fang Di Chang knew about Central Continent’s strength but he was even clearer regarding the strength of his forces. Western Desert’s Gu Immortals would not fight to the death, this group that he brought was already the result of Fang Di Chang’s maximum effort.


 With such intense battles, once any deaths occurred on Western Desert’s side, they would want to retreat.


 Once someone retreats, others would follow.


 In other words, this was not a real army, it was a gathering of dispersed forces, their morale could not be sustained.


 Fang Di Chang led these people at such a crucial time, he had to be at the front lines, to ensure that they would remain in formation.


 "I wanted to save this for the end... there is no choice." Fang Di Chang sighed, he sent out the divine bean soldiers that he had saved within Divine Bean Palace.


 The quantity of yellow bean soldiers was the highest, they were the basic troops that were treated as cannon fodder.


 Next were green bean soldiers that could shoot flying arrows, red bean soldiers could self-detonate, while black bean soldiers had the greatest defense.


 As for blue and white bean soldiers, they had the lowest quantity, the former could reflect killer moves to an extent while the latter could heal bean soldiers.


 Once the bean army was sent out, they stabilized the situation, causing a deadlock to occur. But the price to pay was that these soldiers were rapidly being expended.


 Once the casualties hit a certain level, Western Desert’s side would be pressured once again. By then, Fang Di Chang would be out of trump cards, he would need to wait for reinforcements.


 Hairy Foot Mountain battlefield.


 Immortal killer move — Rumors Become Tigers!


 Zhou Xiong Xin used his information path killer move as tigers formed into groups, roaring and attacking Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong waved his hands repeatedly, and used countless wind blades to stop the tigers from pouncing at him.


 To the side, Zhu Que Er and Ye Qiao Zi joined forces to attack him.


 Wu Yong sighed and wisely retreated.


 If now was earlier, he might have been able to fight them head on, but now after the amplification from human path killer moves, Wu Yong could only retreat.


 Speaking of which, he had repeatedly tried to use the killer move unlimited wind, but he was always obstructed by Heavenly Court, unable to gain the precious time he needed to unleash this killer move.


 "Fortunately, our side has Immortal Gu Houses which can act as fortresses for us to rest and recover. Oh no!" Wu Yong had just returned to rest in Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building when his expression suddenly changed dramatically.


 His departure had made Chi Qu Yu’s position slightly more eye-catching.


 Gu Immortals of other regions might not be able to make use of this, but Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were all experienced experts.


 "Chi Qu You, quickly retreat!" Wu Yong transmitted.


 Even without his warning, Chi Qu You already sensed something amiss, he quickly retreated.


 "Where are you going?" Wan Zi Hong restrained Chi Qu You.


 Wu Yong had to stop resting as he flew out.


 Zhou Xiong Xin suddenly appeared above Chi Qu You, his five fingers spread out as he grasped.


 Immortal battlefield killer move — Rumor Cage!


 This was the fastest battlefield killer move in the world, the speed of setting it up was number one in the five regions.


 Chi Qu You could not dodge in time, he was trapped in the battlefield.


 Zhou Xiong Xin, Zhang Fei Xiong, and Zhu Que Er entered the battlefield, the other Gu Immortals stayed outside, blocking the reinforcement of Wu Yong, Yi Hao Fang, and Ba De.


 "Chi Qu You is in danger!"


 "Quick, we need to destroy this battlefield."


 Wu Yong and the rest were anxious.


 However, the rumor cage battlefield had already shrunk to a dot, it vanished. To find it, a lot of effort would be needed, and there were Heavenly Court Gu Immortals around obstructing them.


 Immortal killer move — Sitting and Eating the Mountain Empty!


 While the Southern Border immortals were trying to save him, Zhao Shan He and Yu Zhu Zi worked together again, using their killer move to heavily damage the Southern Border Immortal Gu Houses.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals suffered a great loss while their attention was diverted away.


 And within rumor cage, Chi Qu You was in danger, at the brink of life and death.


 This was an information path battlefield, Zhou Xiong Xin was the main attacker, while Zhang Fei Xiong and Zhu Que Er had transformation path attainment, they turned into information path immemorial desolate beasts to help with the battle.


 Suddenly, Wu Shuang also entered the battlefield.


 Human path killer move — Peerless!


 This killer move was once used on Duke Long, it was very helpful. This time, it was used on Zhou Xiong Xin who was already amplified by a human path killer move, with this additional boost, his killer moves became even stronger.


 Chi Qu You stared with furious eyes but he could not resist them, he was devoured by the information path tigers.


 Rumor cage battlefield dissipated, Zhou Xiong Xin and the rest returned to the outside battlefield. Wu Yong and the rest could only see the torn and dismembered remains of Chi Qu You.


 A formation path great grandmaster and first supreme elder of Chi clan had died!


 Southern Border’s Gu Immortals were shaken, such a terrifying sacrifice had happened before their eyes.


 "First supreme elder Chi Qu You!"


 "He died in battle."


 "Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals killed him..."


 The morale of Southern Border was rapidly declining.


 "Oh no!" Wu Yong had an ugly expression, Chi Qu You’s reputation was very high, his death was worse than if they lost Yi Hao Fang or Ba De, it was a huge blow to the Southern Border Gu Immortals’ morale.


 However, Wu Yong could not do anything.


 Even though he had the killer move unlimited wind, Heavenly Court did not let him use it. His special move farewell friend wind could also not be used, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had all been sleeping in the immortal graveyard, he had no opportunity to become ’friends’ with them.


 "Our situation was tough to begin with, now that Chi Qu You is dead, it is even worse now!"


 "What do I do?"


 Wu Yong had already tried his best but the situation still left his control gradually.


 "Persevere!" The light of determination flashed in his eyes.


 "Heavenly Court must not be allowed to repair fate Gu, this is the consensus of all four regions. Western Desert has attacked Emperor City now, Eastern Sea and Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals will definitely also take action."


 "And Fang Yuan..."


 "I’ll wait for reinforcements!"


 "That’s the only way now."


 The Emperor City battlefield and Hairy Foot Mountain battlefield were completely suppressed and in a dangerous position, so was the battlefield in Heavenly Court.


 Even though Duke Long was unaffected by the human path killer moves’ amplification, he was still overwhelming, his strength alone suppressed all of Longevity Heaven’s members.


 And worse was that he had reinforcements.


 "Qin Ding Ling!" Within Calamity Luck Altar, Qi Ci Lang looked at Qin Ding Ling while gritting his teeth.


 Qin Ding Ling had recovered with the help of the human path killer moves, she joined the battlefield to assist Duke Long.


 She had incredibly strong luck path attainment, she could target Calamity Luck Altar well, Qi Ci Lang and the rest were getting into a tight spot.


 With a loud crash, Duke Long’s fist defeated another Northern Plains’ expert.


 He looked at the phantom River of Time as he laughed loudly: "So what if you summon more people?"


 "Longevity Heaven!"


 "This time, none of you shall escape, you will all die!"


 "No matter how many reinforcements you have, it will not change the situation."


 Qin Ding Ling raised her head high as she snickered: "Exactly, how can the grand Heavenly Court be defiled by the likes of you!"



***
Chapter 1933 Arrival of Reinforcements!


***





 



 "Get him!"


 "Don’t let him get away!!!"


 There was already chaos in the venue of the final competition of the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention.


 Several rank eight Gu Immortals charged down.


 Shen Shang’s face was pale, he suffered a serious injury instead of unraveling the venerable methods. However, looking at the Central Continent rank eights that pounced down, he still sneered: "Just the few of you want to catch me?"


 Next, his body flickered as he vanished.


 Central Continent’s rank eight Gu Immortals lost sight of their target, they used all sorts of investigative killer moves but could not find any traces.


 "Where did he go?"


 "Who is he, he is actually able to move freely in Emperor City!"


 "This place is under the effect of people’s united hearts, he could actually sneak in."


 "The five regions are huge, hidden experts are everywhere."


 The rank eight Gu Immortals exchanged words and after discussing, they each dispersed to continue their search.


 Even if they searched Emperor City completely, even if they demolished it, they still wanted to find Shen Shang.


 Shen Shang was currently hiding in a corner of Emperor City, far away from the venue of the final competition.


 He was panting, but the fighting spirit in his eyes was not extinguished, instead, like adding fuel to a fire, it was growing stronger and stronger!


 "Worthy of venerables, their methods exceeded my expectations." He exclaimed in his head and immediately sent another message to Fang Yuan.


 "Fang Yuan, hold on! Give me some more time and I will definitely be able to unravel this move!" Shen Shang spoke with certainty.


 Fang Yuan sneered: "How can I believe you?"


 Shen Shang then explained: "I’ve already found out that the various human path killer moves of Heavenly Court’s venerables are based on a massive amount of human will. Without this foundation, no matter how powerful the human path killer moves are, they are useless without enough fuel."


 Fang Yuan retorted: "But the human will is stored in Heavenly Court, it is too far from our reach."


 Shen Shang smiled lightly: "Precisely so, I deduced another method, instead of eliminating the human will, we should help to develop it instead."


 Fang Yuan gained some interest: "Tell me."


 Shen Shang then said: "Heavenly Court collected the human will of Central Continent, so their people’s united hearts killer move can distinguish between friend and enemy. But if I add the human will of the other four regions, how can they possibly still have united hearts? The Heavenly Court and Central Continent Gu Immortals are also amplified by the killer move heroes among people because of Central Continent’s human will. If it contains the human will of the five regions, then heroes among people’s effect would also work on the rest of us."


 Fang Yuan asked again: "Then how do you do this, how will we channel the human will of the other four regions into it?"


 Shen Shang replied calmly: "On one hand, I have already made arrangements in Emperor City. On the other hand, the five regional walls are close to disappearing, not only will the five regions be unified by the earth veins, but the human veins will also be linked. In a way, we have to thank Heavenly Court for their propaganda. Now that the five regions all know that the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention is being held, the will of all five regions is concentrated here, except that Heavenly Court only collected the central part of it."


 Fang Yuan was silent for a moment and suddenly said: "Then do it, I can’t maintain all of the battlefield, I can only try my best to stall for you. You have to fight for every second!"


 "Of course." Shen Shang said without any hesitation.


 Emperor City battlefield.


 "Kill!" Combat Immortal Sect’s Gu Immortals shouted in unison.


 Under their maneuvering, the Immortal Gu House Edge Link Camp suddenly surged in speed and rushed towards Western Desert Fang clan’s Inquiry Dock.


 Inquiry Dock retreated sharply.


 Edge Link Camp suddenly shined with a dazzling light, the light condensed into a giant horn that rushed into the sky.


 It was Edge Link Camp’s killer move — Giant Horn Rush.


 Normally speaking, Inquiry Dock would not be afraid of this method, but after the amplification of human path killer move heroes among people, giant horn rush’s power doubled!


 Inquiry Dock was only an information path Immortal Gu House, it could not resist this fierce attack alone.


 Fallen Flower Hall quickly tried to help it and moved closer to Inquiry Dock, but Wind Sweeping Building restrained it.


 "We cannot lose Inquiry Dock, our Fang clan’s three Immortal Gu Houses can use the battlefield killer move peach blossom maze!" Fang Di Chang quickly gave orders to save it.


 Peach blossom maze was able to trap rank eight Gu Immortals, and back then it was even able to trap Divine Bean Palace.


 This killer move was famous and all the Western Desert Gu Immortals knew about it. It was just that since the battle started, Central Continent’s side had taken the initiative and did not allow Western Desert to set it up, so there was no time to activate peach blossom maze.


 Several Western Desert Immortal Gu Houses supported Inquiry Dock at the same time, but at the next moment, Central Continent’s lineup changed and formed a large encirclement, separating Inquiry Dock from the reinforcements.


 "Damn it!" Fang Di Chang’s expression sank, he had to move Divine Bean Palace to help it.


 Divine Bean Palace was the support pillar of Western Desert’s troops, it should not be moved lightly. Once it was moved, it would cause Western Desert’s entire arrangement to change, which would result in a gap to form and allow Central Continent’s side to seize the opportunity.


 But at this moment, there was nothing that Fang Di Chang could do.


 At the sight of Divine Bean Palace moving, the Central Continent Gu Immortals were excited.


 "Fang Di Chang fell for it!"


 "He is a wisdom path Gu Immortal but the situation is forcing his hand after all."


 "Attack, Western Desert’s battle arrangement has gone chaotic, if we grab onto this opportunity, we will claim victory!"


 Rumble...


 Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses erupted with a frenzy of attacks, it was like a tsunami that crashed towards Western Desert’s forces.


 "Oh no." This scene was so devastating that even Fang Di Chang’s expression changed.


 Western Desert’s defeat was right before his eyes!


 Boom!


 With a loud explosion, a grand Immortal Gu House entered the battlefield.


 It was larger than Divine Bean Palace, with giant red-gold bricks and black-gold tiles around its walls, countless statues were embedded on the surface of the palace, each one of them was lifelike and full of brilliance.


 "This is?!"


 "Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Myriad Statue Palace!"


 Central Continent’s attacks froze for a moment.


 At the next moment, from within Myriad Statue Palace came the voice of Thousand Transformations Ancestor: "Central Continent’s Heavenly Court is simply going overboard! This time, I, Thousand Transformations Ancestor, will make you pay with your blood!!!"


 At the crucial moment, Thousand Transformations came to the rescue and finally salvaged the battle at Emperor City.


 Fang Di Chang let out a long breath and muttered softly: "There’s still some hope left in this fight."


 Hairy Foot Mountain battlefield.


 Rumble!


 With a loud bang, a corner of the five regional limit formation broke again, it was like a pavilion that was see-through on all sides, the inside was visible to all.


 The Formation Spirit was so weak that it was nearly transparent, Zhan Bu Du was heavily injured, he only manipulated the formation while kneeling, his seven orifices were bleeding, blood had gathered into a pool below him.


 "Once we destroy this formation, there will be no obstacles left."


 "Hmph, if you want to find trouble with Heavenly Court, you’re all not qualified enough!"


 "Mere rats, all of you will become prisoners of our Heavenly Court."


 As always, the main forces of Heavenly Court fought fiercely and furiously, their attacks were unceasing and increasingly coordinated, while Southern Border lost the rank eight pillar Chi Qu You, they could barely sustain the fight, they could not protect the five regional limit formation.


 "It seems that my life ends here. But I am not going to let you guys have it easy either!" Zhan Bu Du gritted his teeth and decided to use one final move to self-detonate the entire formation.


 Roar—!


 Just before Zhan Bu Du was about to self-detonate, the loud roar of a dragon could suddenly be heard.


 The sound of the dragon resounded throughout heaven and earth, shaking the entire battlefield.


 Next, the five-colored smoke swirled violently and was brutally pushed apart by a huge object!


 At this moment, Heavenly Court and the Southern Border immortals stared at the newcomer in shock.


 It was a giant dragon, unimaginably huge, the dragon head alone was like a chain of hills, and the dragon’s body stretched endlessly!


 A Gu Immortal’s body could not even compare to a piece of the dragon’s scales.


 "Evil Dragon!"


 "It is Di Zang Sheng!"


 "Why is it here?"


 Di Zang Sheng’s dragon eyes swept over the five regional limit formation and the Southern Border immortals, quickly fixing on the main Heavenly Court forces.


 Heavenly Court’s immortals suddenly felt an extremely strong sense of danger that threatened their lives!


 Roar—!


 Di Zang Sheng roared again and rushed towards the Heavenly Court immortals.


 "It’s our reinforcements!" The morale of the Southern Border immortals was boosted.


 Wu Yong’s eyes narrowed, "Doesn’t Di Zang Sheng hate all humans? How can it be manipulated and be an enemy of Heavenly Court? Who’s controlling it? Who can manipulate it?"


 For some reason, the image of Fang Yuan surfaced in Wu Yong’s heart.


 "We’re finally saved." Zhan Bu Du sprawled on the ground in exhaustion. With the help of Di Zang Sheng, he was saved from the brink of self-detonating.


 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 Calamity Luck Altar was at its wits’ end.


 Duke Long’s constant bombardment caused a huge accumulation of damage, Calamity Luck Altar was in tatters, Bing Sai Chuan who was controlling it suffered heavy injuries, Qi Ci Lang had already fainted long ago.


 What caused this was just not Duke Long’s divine might, but also the help of Qin Ding Ling and Fairy Zi Wei.


 Qin Ding Ling was able to use luck path to effectively disintegrate the defenses of Calamity Luck Altar. Fairy Zi Wei collected information from the battle and made deductions on the spot, telling Duke Long the best spots to attack.


 With these three Gu Immortals working together, Longevity Heaven was in a precarious position. The destruction of Calamity Luck Altar was close at hand.


 Once it completely breaks apart, Longevity Heaven will suffer a devastating blow, and the result of the battle in Heavenly Court will be decided!


 Far away from Central Great Hall, at the peak of Star Zone Mountain, the two chess players’ figures playing against each other emerged at some point in the Imperfection Regret Pavilion.


 No matter from any angle, one could only see a side of the faces of these two figures at most.


 The woman had peerless beauty, while the man looked as cold as ice.


 It was a contest between two venerables!


 "It seems that our side has won this game by a little again." Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled slightly.


 Limitless Demon Venerable nodded: "Heavenly Court awakened so many Gu Immortals in advance this time, aren’t you afraid of getting completely assimilated by heaven’s will?"


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable grasped a chess piece: "I still have some time. It seems that the person you are waiting for will not appear. Even if he arrives, it is too late."


 Limitless Demon Venerable was silent but suddenly, his eyes shined with mysterious light, he seemed to have sensed something as he stood up and turned around to look at the Heavenly Court battlefield far away.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was stunned, she followed Limitless Demon Venerable’s direction and saw that white profound light started to appear in the battlefield, with a shrill sound, a tunnel was opened.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship flew in through the tunnel, a Gu Immortal was standing on it.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had a deep gaze as she analyzed, this Gu Immortal was dressed in a white robe, his sleeves were fluttering and his black hair was hanging down to his waist like a waterfall. His face was extremely handsome, almost delicate like a beauty, and what attracted people’s attention most were his eyes, which were pitch-black as if they were connected to the ninth layer of the deepest abyss, devouring all light that approached it.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s body shook as she said uncontrollably: "Fang Yuan!"


 "So this is Fang Yuan." Qin Ding Ling coldly smiled.


 "Regardless of who comes here, you cannot do anything!" Duke Long did not raise his head, he still stared at Calamity Luck Altar as he tried to deal the fatal blow.


 "Is that so?" On Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan smiled lightly as he observed the battlefield.


 He raised his hand slowly, his fingers outstretched as he aimed at the battlefield.


 At the next moment, the killer move that he prepared for a long time burst out, grand qi surged as heaven and earth shook intensely.


 Rumble!


 The colossal qi wall that enveloped Heavenly Court lasted for a few breaths of time before shattering into countless qi currents, they were all drawn by a formless force into Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 At once, the entire place went silent!


 Fairy Zi Wei and Qin Ding Ling stared in a daze as they shouted in disbelief:


 "Rank eight?!"


 "Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s qi wall was actually..."


 Duke Long slowly raised his head, he ignored Calamity Luck Altar as his gaze became fixed on Fang Yuan, his expression was completely different from before.


 Next, they heard Fang Yuan’s plain voice reverberate in their ears: "This unlimited qi sea killer move was modified by me, how is the power? Please do give me your honest opinion."


 "Hahaha." Loud laughter was heard from within Imperfection Regret Pavilion.


 Limitless Demon Venerable raised his head as he laughed in joy and satisfaction.


 "Look." He pointed at Fang Yuan, turning around to face Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: "The person I am waiting for is here!"


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed deeply, she had a complex expression: "Indeed, he... has arrived."


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan appeared in the battlefield personally, charging into Heavenly Court!



***
Chapter 1934 Fang Yuan Fights Duke Long


***





 



 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 "This is the crucial person — Fang Yuan?" Bing Sai Chuan muttered, looking at Fang Yuan who was high in the sky.


 Bull Demon and Flower Lady stared with their mouths wide open: "Didn’t they say Fang Yuan was rank seven? When did he reach rank eight?"


 "This lad!" Mao Li Qiu gritted its teeth, feeling deep emotions inside.


 The last time it met Fang Yuan was in Reverse Flow River, Fang Yuan had used the river to escape. Other than that, he was weaker than Mao Li Qiu.


 But in their next encounter, he was able to destroy the primordial qi wall!


 Without the primordial qi wall, Calamity Luck Altar was like a fish in water, it regained freedom.


 The restraint holding them back was gone, they could see ways to attack and advance now.


 "Oh no!" Fairy Zi Wei’s face turned pale, she could not think of a countermeasure immediately.


 "Attack—!" At the next moment, Bing Sai Chuan’s voice resounded from Calamity Luck Altar.


 The Northern Plains immortals summoned using call of the ancient all became energized, their eyes shined with bright light as they split up and attacked the surroundings.


 These Northern Plains brutes had been suppressed for too long!


 Only Duke Long, Fairy Zi Wei, and Qin Ding Ling were here, the three of them could not deal with so many Gu Immortals at once.


 At the crucial moment, there was a tiger roar as a Shabi emerged. There was the cry of a crane as a green jade crane flew out.


 These were two legendary immemorial beasts of Heavenly Court, one was Shabi Ninety-five, the other was Ruan Dan.


 The two legendary immemorial beasts joined the battle, desperately blocking the Northern Plains immortals.


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly returned to Central Great Hall, she needed to protect Old Man Zheng Yuan who was there.


 Meanwhile, Qin Ding Ling charged towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan stood on Myriad Year Flying Warship as he observed the battlefield, seeing the scattered Northern Plains immortals, he nodded in satisfaction.


 In order to destroy the qi wall, he had prepared this move for a long time.


 Unlimited qi sea was the move that made Qi Xiang famous throughout the world back then. It was grand and vast, complex and everchanging, it could attack and defend, it was a comprehensive method.


 It had potential for growth on its own, capable of growing stronger by gathering all the different qi in the world. After Qi Xiang created this move, he collected all sorts of qi and stored them inside the immortal aperture, including life qi, death qi, sword qi, blade qi, dusk qi, dawn qi...


 The more types of qi gathered on large scales, the stronger unlimited qi sea was.


 Not only would this move expend immortal essence, it also used up the stored qi. Even if they were not used, as time passed, these qi would naturally dissipate slowly.


 Back then, Qi Sea grotto-heaven’s heavenly spirit used this move to survive many calamities and tribulations that the grotto-heaven faced, among which were myriad tribulations! When Fang Yuan was attacked by this move, unlimited qi sea was already weakened to its limit, even the heavenly spirit had to hibernate due to injuries.


 Thus, the actual power of unlimited qi sea was not truly at the level when Fang Yuan saw it.


 Since rebirth, Fang Yuan had been thinking of the method to destroy primordial qi wall.


 After getting unlimited qi sea, he acutely sensed that this move was a counter to the qi wall.


 However, the primordial qi wall was a venerable method, even if Fang Yuan had unlimited qi sea and great grandmaster qi path attainment level, he would need more than a decade to unravel the qi wall method while fully focused on making deductions.


 The solution to this problem was Duke Long.


 In order to recruit Qi Sea Ancestor, Duke Long used Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s qi path killer moves as bait. Even though Fang Yuan only obtained half of it, because of his insistence, the content included the primordial qi wall as well.


 With it, Fang Yuan used the light of wisdom from wisdom Gu to barely deduce and modify unlimited qi sea before the great battle.


 As for how Fang Yuan invaded Heavenly Court, he used heaven form. He added the time path killer move shrink time into heaven form, allowing him to rapidly invade the target area. After all, he had deep attainment in theft path and time path. As the Fang Di Chang clone was also comprehending the theft path Immortal Gu House, he gained a lot of inspiration and insight.


 The qi wall was too crucial of an element!


 With this qi wall, Heavenly Court’s enemies only had three routes to choose from, those were the paths carved out by past Demon Venerables.


 But once the qi wall vanishes, they could roam freely in Heavenly Court, with their current defense, they could not guard against everyone.


 The situation of the battle in Heavenly Court immediately was overturned.


 Once Fang Yuan took action, he gave Longevity Heaven and himself the initiative, they now had control over the battle.


 "Fang Yuan, let me, Qin Ding Ling, see your skills." Qin Ding Ling turned into a golden ray of light as she flew in the sky, towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan took a glance at her, this was their first encounter.


 She was taller than normal people, her shoulders were broad, she stood straight and had a heroic aura. She had an outstanding air, especially her long legs, she was like innate royalty that ruled above the common man. Her nose bridge was tall and a little sharp, her lips were thin and her eyes were narrow and long, her gaze was emitting a cold light now. She was not a traditional beauty, she had an authoritative aura that was bred naturally within her, people would lower their heads and not dare to look at her directly, it was as if they could only look at her feet in order to not offend her.


 "No wonder Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose you as his concubine back then." Fang Yuan replied plainly, Qin Ding Ling’s attacks became even fiercer instantly.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, he manipulated Myriad Year Flying Warship to move quickly, evading Qin Ding Ling.


 Qin Ding Ling’s heart jumped, she cried out in dismay internally.


 She had great strength, having converted from metal path to luck path, her battle strength was second to Duke Long and nobody else in Heavenly Court, she had no clear weaknesses. However, her speed was inferior to Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 At this moment, rapids surged below Myriad Year Flying Warship, pushing this rank eight Immortal Gu House to move through the battlefield, heading directly to the immortal battlefield.


 Fang Yuan was passive earlier, but once he attacked, he aimed at Heavenly Court’s weakness! The greatest weakness!


 At this moment, even Duke Long could not let him pass.


 The immortal graveyard was the most important place in Heavenly Court.


 Even Duke Long did not know how many Gu Immortals were slumbering inside.


 This was Heavenly Court’s greatest wealth, it was their immense accumulation over millions of years since creation.


 In the previous life, even though Longevity Heaven reached Heaven Overseeing Tower, they could not threaten the immortal graveyard. But now that the qi wall was broken, there were countless paths to take, they could approach the immortal graveyard.


 Duke Long gave up on Calamity Luck Altar, he flew rapidly and blocked the path of Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Behind Myriad Year Flying Warship, Qin Ding Ling was chasing relentlessly.


 At once, Fang Yuan was encircled by Duke Long and Qin Ding Ling.


 "Don’t worry, I’ll help you!"


 "Protect this person, he is the crucial person that Ancestor Giant Sun mentioned!"


 "That’s right, even if we die, we need to protect him."


 The surrounding Northern Plains immortals gathered towards Fang Yuan.


 Bing Sai Chuan did not hesitate, he immediately mobilized Calamity Luck Altar to reinforce Fang Yuan. Right now, they had the common enemy Heavenly Court, they needed to work together.


 Since Fang Yuan came to help them, Bing Sai Chuan had to return the favor, they had to resist Heavenly Court’s two strongest experts.


 Bing Sai Chuan had no better option now.


 If he let Duke Long kill Fang Yuan now, not only would they lose this source of battle strength, the rank eight Immortal Gu House Myriad Year Flying Warship would also become unmanned.


 Facing this unprecedented attack, Fang Yuan had a calm expression. However, when he was about to use his method against the enemies, he suddenly felt a sense of fire qi emerging in his heart, causing him to burn with fury.


 Next, a sense of sorrow qi pervaded his body, causing his defenses to fall rapidly.


 Next, a lump of old qi entered his body and mind, causing his lifespan to decrease continuously.


 There was also poison qi that spread around him, causing a lethal threat.


 Unlucky qi crowded above his head, causing his luck to fall.


 Silly qi filled his mind, the results of the collision of thoughts in his mind were all stupid ideas...


 Frost qi entered his body, causing his movements to slow down...


 All sorts of qi tangled around him, Fang Yuan’s battle strength fell to rock bottom, in just a few breaths of time, he fell to the level of a rank seven Gu Immortal, after some more time, he was even weaker than an ordinary rank six Gu Immortal.


 Duke Long saw Fang Yuan’s aura weakening rapidly as he was surrounded by all sorts of qi, he felt overjoyed: "This is Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s method! Fang Yuan destroyed the qi wall, causing this move to attack him."


 He had cultivated Primordial Origin’s true inheritance after all, he could tell what had happened.


 But at the next moment, Duke Long saw a mild light shoot out behind him, it resembled a chess piece, rapidly entering Fang Yuan’s body.


 Instantly, all of the qi around his body vanished, as if the former scene was an illusion.


 Duke Long’s body and mind shook, he turned around at lightning speed, seeing that Limitless Demon Venerable’s silhouette had stood up from his seat for the first time in Imperfection Regret Pavilion, looking over at this battlefield from afar, Duke Long’s pupils shrunk slightly.


 At the crucial moment, Limitless Demon Venerable made a move, cleansing all of the qi currents around Fang Yuan’s body.


 The Northern Plains immortals saw this and their hearts eased.


 Bing Sai Chuan was a little puzzled: "So Fang Yuan had a method to make Limitless Demon Venerable turn around. How did he do it? I did not see him make any actions earlier."


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Roaring Wave.


 Duke Long opened his mouth and roared loudly.


 The sound waves of the dragon roar spread out rapidly, all over the place.


 Immortal killer move — Body Flicker.


 At the next moment, Duke Long teleported along with the dragon sound waves, directly appearing in front of Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan was still standing on the bow, the two were less than an arm’s length away.


 One was the master of Red Lotus, the dragonman ancestor, Duke Long. The other was the inheritor of Red Lotus, the new dragonman ancestor, Fang Yuan!


 "Oh no!"


 "Fang Yuan is overconfident."


 "Quickly return to the Immortal Gu House!"


 The Northern Plains immortals felt like they were falling into despair, they screamed. Duke Long’s divine might was engraved in their minds, nobody could face him head on. Even Calamity Luck Altar, the legendary Immortal Gu House that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable personally created, could not resist Duke Long’s offensive methods. Longevity Heaven’s members were suppressed by Duke Long’s power, they had to hide inside Calamity Luck Altar, not daring to fight outside.


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Claw Strike!


 Duke Long snorted coldly, his right hand turned into a dragon claw as he slashed at Fang Yuan’s skull.


 Slap.


 At the next moment, there was a soft sound as Fang Yuan raised his furry left arm, blocking Duke Long’s dragon claw.


 "He... he blocked it?!"


 Be it Northern Plains’ immortals, Qin Ding Ling, or Fairy Zi Wei, they were all stunned.


 Nobody had ever been able to resist Duke Long in a frontal assault, but he had managed to block it with such ease.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance was completely changed, he turned into a bandit monkey.


 Bandit monkeys were of strength path, their fur was golden and black tiger stripes covered their body. Fur grew out from their waist naturally to cover the crotch and the butt area, just like a kilt made of skin.


 Bandit monkeys respected strength and arm wrestling was their main social activity. Young monkeys could arm wrestle immediately after being born. Arm wrestling was not only a game for bandit monkeys, it was also a commonly used method to resolve disputes.


 There were Gu Immortals who recognized the bandit monkey, feeling surprised: "Since when did bandit monkeys become so strong?"


 Ordinary immemorial bandit monkeys could not resist Duke Long’s attack, if they acted like Fang Yuan, their left arm would have been cut off on the spot.


 Fang Yuan’s transformation was not so simple of course.


 Before this, he had already used the killer move myriad beings assimilation transformation.


 This was the ultimate method of Beast Calamity Immortal, it contained the highest profundity of transformation path, able to turn dao marks of all other paths into transformation path dao marks.


 How many dao marks did Fang Yuan have now?


 Qi path had over a million, refinement path had three hundred thousand, transformation path had two hundred thousand, and that was not all, they were just the three highest paths.


 Just these alone, after using myriad beings assimilation transformation, gave him one million and five hundred thousand transformation path dao marks.


 After Fang Yuan transformed into the bandit monkey, all of these transformation path dao marks turned into strength path dao marks.


 One million and five hundred thousand strength path dao marks!


 With just the dao mark amplification alone, Fang Yuan could resist Duke Long’s killer move.


 Duke Long’s dragon claw strike landed on Fang Yuan’s left arm, it felt like he was punching a mountain.


 A sense of danger appeared in Duke Long’s mind, but Fang Yuan’s right fist had already been launched.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, Duke Long felt like he was a paper boat riding a ferocious wave, he felt like a mountain had slammed into him. An unimaginable force caused him to fly away at a speed that could not be observed with the naked eye.


 Duke Long flew like a comet, crashing into the ground at lightning speed, with a loud crash, the surroundings shook, a huge dust cloud spread out.


 Everyone was silent!


 This time, fear and disbelief appeared on the faces of the Northern Plains and Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 Everyone’s attention was on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan stood at the bow of his ship while transformed into the bandit monkey, he looked down plainly at the pit he created.


 It was the pit created by Duke Long who had been sent flying, it was thirty feet deep!



***
Chapter 1935 Star Constellation Versus Limitless


***





 



 Ever since the start of the battle, this was the first time anyone had seen Duke Long be sent flying far away from an attack.


 Not only did Fang Yuan defend against Duke Long’s attack, he even retaliated and sent him flying!


 This was far out of anyone’s expectations.


 "He actually became so strong! What sort of growth speed is this!!" Mao Li Qiu opened its mouth, it stood up subconsciously, no longer lying on the ground.


 "The crucial person that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is waiting for... indeed, he lives up to Ancestor’s expectations!" Bing Sai Chuan sighed with a complex expression.


 Unknowingly, Qin Ding Ling’s speed had fallen as she chased after Fang Yuan.


 What a joke!


 Fang Yuan sent Duke Long flying, what did that mean?


 Even though Qin Ding Ling was strong, she knew her limits, she knew the difference between Duke Long and her. Back then, in order to perceive Duke Long’s luck, she paid a huge price and had to rest for many days to recover. Right now, the result of this collision eliminated any thought she had of observing Fang Yuan’s luck.


 Qin Ding Ling was in quite an awkward predicament now.


 She wanted to fight and kill Fang Yuan earlier, but now, after seeing this, oh heavens! What a fierce person!


 Qin Ding Ling directly stopped moving, she did not dare to approach Fang Yuan anymore.


 The transformation path cultivation level that Fang Yuan displayed earlier showed that close combat was not his weakness, it was his strength instead.


 Qin Ding Ling changed her mind instantly, she decided to assist Duke Long instead, she did not want to fight Fang Yuan directly anymore.


 "This is a monster!"


 "To think that in the future after I died, such a demonic immortal would appear, this is so interesting."


 "Let’s go, he does not need our help."


 Northern Plains’ immortals quickly turned around, they left, spreading out to the surroundings.


 Fairy Zi Wei frowned tightly, she had a heavy heart. Northern Plains’ immortals were moving around all over the place, all of them had their own chosen routes to advance, if they destroyed everything along their path, how could Heavenly Court stop them all?


 Even if a large number of Gu Immortals woke up in the immortal graveyard now, they would need time to gather their Immortal Gu, it was too late now.


 "I can only defend the most important areas now!" Fairy Zi Wei gritted her teeth, she made a painful decision, deciding to abandon the deadweight.


 Dust clouds dissipated, within the huge pit, Duke Long stood up slowly.


 "You really surprise me time and time again, Fang Yuan." Duke Long raised his head to look at Fang Yuan, he had a calm expression but his tone was eerie.


 He was hit by Fang Yuan’s fist directly, his chest only caved in slightly. While he spoke, his wound healed completely as his chest returned to normal.


 He was the dragonman ancestor after all, his recovery speed was shockingly fast.


 Fang Yuan looked at Duke Long as well, upon seeing this, his expression did not change.


 Everything was within his expectations.


 Duke Long was not heavily injured, the attack earlier had a huge commotion but the effect on the enemy was small. He had only caught Duke Long off guard.


 After all, Fang Yuan did not use any immortal killer moves then. He only raised his fist and attacked with the amplification of strength path dao marks.


 With the support of over a million strength path dao marks, Fang Yuan’s bandit monkey form had immense strength, Duke Long could not compare to it. But he had many immortal killer moves defending him, he was tough as steel, even if he was sent flying, he was still intact.


 Below Myriad Year Flying Warship, the water of the River of Time surged as this time path Immortal Gu House moved suddenly, it was like a huge flying sword, tearing through space and creating a dazzling rainbow behind it, it pierced towards the immortal graveyard.


 Duke Long snorted coldly, a frenzied light flashed in his eyes as his deep killing intent surged without concealment, it was as if a fierce tide was raging.


 He was now in a passive spot, with Fang Yuan’s attack, he had no choice but to defend, this was a terrible feeling.


 Once the primordial qi wall was broken, Fang Yuan’s side gained the initiative, their target was the immortal graveyard.


 Duke Long was sent flying by Fang Yuan’s fist earlier, his air of intimidation took a beating, he decided to focus on the enemy ahead now. The truth was in front of him, trying to engage in close combat with Fang Yuan in order to kill him was an impossible dream.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Breath Mountain!


 Rumble!


 A grand qi current gathered and formed into a translucent mountain.


 The mountain was hundreds of li large as it slammed down.


 Fang Yuan was at the bottom of the mountain now, raising his head to look at it, the mountain pressed down like the entire world, he could not evade it.


 Fang Yuan did not intend to evade it either.


 He stopped his bandit monkey transformation as he turned into a majestic astral wind flying heavenly boar!


 Astral wind flying heavenly boar lived in the sky, they were qi path beasts that could fly freely. They were agile like flying fish, they had agility incomparable with their boar bodies, they could charge into the heavenly wind qi wall with ease. With a leap, they could enter the heavenly wind qi wall and swim inside like fish in water.


 Fang Yuan’s four legs stepped on Myriad Year Flying Warship, he did not raise his head, he only growled slightly.


 Immortal killer move — Rampaging Qi Roar!


 This was a qi path killer move but it originated from Lang Ya Sect’s treasury.


 In the past, when Lang Ya land spirit controlled Heavenly Giant Solor, he used this move against the sharp tusk boar, killing this ancient desolate beast with one move on the spot.


 Now that Fang Yuan used it, with his one million and five hundred thousand qi path dao marks, the power had risen by one thousand five hundred times!


 Boom!!


 The qi breath mountain exploded from Fang Yuan’s roar, countless currents spread out and formed tornadoes that swept the battlefield.


 His killer move was broken, Duke Long suffered a backlash.


 But this Dao Guardian of Red Lotus Demon Venerable still had great morale after suffering a setback, he used another move.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Current Scissors!


 He raised both fists, spreading out his ten fingers.


 Countless pale qi currents moved out from his palms, they slashed towards Fang Yuan like thin threads.


 In a few breaths of time, tens of thousands of pale white thread qi currents moved like a torrent or swarm of moths, approaching from all over the place.


 Every qi current was like a blade, even if an immemorial desolate beast faced this move, they would be covered in cuts and injuries, until all of their flesh was removed and only a skeleton was left.


 Against this move, Fang Yuan’s astral wind flying heavenly boar form was not useful, he changed his form again.


 This time, he turned into a crane.


 It was a qi path immortal beast as well, single qi crane.


 The flying crane was as large as a horse, it was beautiful and had a long proud neck, its wings were huge like two capes, spreading out on the bow of Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Fang Yuan spread his wings and waved them, at once, thousands of feathers gave off shining light.


 At the next moment, immortal killer move divine flick[1] was ready to strike, Fang Yuan unleashed it.


 Cling cling cling...


 Countless shrill sounds could be heard as qi currents shot out of his feathers, crashing into Duke Long’s qi current scissors.


 As the two offensive methods collided, most of them were dispersed by each other, only a small amount got past and hit Duke Long and Myriad Year Flying Warship respectively.


 No matter which side, against such trivial lingering attacks, they did not even blink.


 Immortal killer move — Moving Qi Ring!


 Fang Yuan used another move as his beak opened, he blew as white qi came out.


 The white qi spread out rapidly, entangling with the back of Myriad Year Flying Warship, causing its speed to rise sharply, shooting forward.


 Duke Long’s expression changed, he realized the problem and quickly chased.


 According to conventional wisdom, moving qi ring was a qi path killer move, it would not be useful when it supported a time path Immortal Gu House. But Fang Yuan had modified this move himself, it was rank eight. With the support of a vast number of qi path dao marks, its power rose by a thousand times, it pushed Myriad Year Flying Warship forward while defying common logic!


 Fang Yuan quickly got past the several Northern Plains immortals in front, he reached the immortal graveyard before anyone else.


 Looking at the immortal graveyard, it was wide and large, there were countless gravestones on the lush grassland, each of these gravestones were different, some were golden, some were short, some did not even have gravestones but were half exposed coffins instead that were buried under the soil.


 The sacred atmosphere of dignity and solemnity, filled with history, enveloped the immortal graveyard.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, he turned into the bandit monkey again, ready to attack the immortal graveyard again.


 At this moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette sighed in Imperfection Regret Pavilion, grabbing three chess pieces and tossing them out.


 The pieces did not attack Fang Yuan, they fused into the formation here.


 Fairy Zi Wei was inside the formation core now, she controlled Star Constellation Chessboard to observe the situation.


 After these pieces fell into Star Constellation Chessboard, Fairy Zi Wei felt the power of this formation rise as it broke its limit, reaching an unimaginable level!


 Fairy Zi Wei was overjoyed, she quickly activated the formation and aimed it at Fang Yuan.


 A huge starlight pillar shined down as Fang Yuan and Myriad Year Flying Warship vanished within the starlight.


 At the next moment, another starlight pillar appeared behind Duke Long as Fang Yuan and Myriad Year Flying Warship appeared.


 With the help of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette, Heavenly Court’s formation gained the ability to teleport people of Fang Yuan and Duke Long’s level.


 "This is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method?" Fang Yuan noticed the situation and let out a breath of air, this did not happen in the previous life.


 "I have so many dao marks but the starlight pillar can still teleport me forcefully. Impressive! However, I’m afraid this distance is its limit?" Cold light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Next, he saw that several Northern Plains immortals were also forcefully teleported away from the immortal graveyard.


 But these people vanished from Heavenly Court directly, they were likely sent outside.


 Fang Yuan looked at other places.


 A few Northern Plains immortals had already succeeded, they either destroyed resource points or Immortal Gu Houses.


 He immediately realized something else: "It seems that the formation’s power is limited even after receiving the help of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. It can only allow Heavenly Court to defend some important areas."


 Even so, it was enough for now.


 Heavenly Court finally stabilized the situation, their losses were not severe.


 Within Imperfection Regret Pavilion, Limitless Demon Venerable’s silhouette turned around and looked at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: "You are quite generous, using three pieces like that."


 "But now, you have the disadvantage in this game." Saying so, Limitless Demon Venerable’s silhouette smiled, he returned to his seat and sat down calmly.


 "Back then, I threatened to destroy Heavenly Court and forced you to accept this game. A million years passed, our powers weave and influence this chessboard, we have been stuck at a deadlock. Now, I only used one piece but you used three, if I attack now, you will be in trouble." Limitless Demon Venerable smiled as he placed his finger at one spot on the chessboard, a brand new chess piece appeared on the board when he retracted his finger.


 This chess piece contained the power of Limitless Demon Venerable’s silhouette, the spot it occupied was where one of the three pieces that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used earlier was situated.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette smiled indifferently: "Back then, your main body wanted to gain the heaven path foundation of Heavenly Court, so you set up this game. This chess game secretly connects to the Dao field that you created in your later years, Crazed Demon Cave, the more you win, the more heaven path foundation you gain, and the more helpful it will be for the derivation over in Crazed Demon Cave."


 "That’s right, you’re absolutely right." Limitless Demon Venerable admitted to his greed, this was an open scheme, there was nothing to hide.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette smiled again: "There was no helping it in that situation, so what if you gained some heaven path foundation? Times are different now, your main body’s lifespan ran out long ago, you are already dead."


 Limitless Demon Venerable’s silhouette was slightly stunned before his eyes shined with bright light, he realized: "Heavenly Court made arrangements in my Crazed Demon Cave as well."


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette praised truthfully: "Crazed Demon Cave is uniquely blessed, the venerables that came after you were unwilling to destroy it, a few of them even left behind their Dao fields. Over there, the few of us will definitely have a huge contest, but that is something for the future."


 [1] Originally Qi Zai’s mortal killer move from chapter 1040.



***
Chapter 1936 Heavenly Courts Three Elites Against Fang Yuan


***





 



 "It seems that to destroy Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard, I will need to destroy this transportation formation first!" Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed like lightning, he started at the formation far away.


 The Myriad Year Flying Warship below his feet moved according to his will, the ship shot out like a large flying sword towards the formation.


 Fairy Zi Wei was guarding the formation in the Central Hall.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s assault, she took a deep cold breath, she felt immense pressure towering over her!


 "Fang Yuan, with me here, you will not move freely!" Duke Long roared as he stepped forward to block Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Seeing this, Fairy Zi Wei let out a sigh of relief: "Thankfully, we have Lord Duke Long guarding us!"


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan and Duke Long clashed, Duke Long was sent flying while Fang Yuan and Myriad Year Flying Warship only flew back by a thousand steps.


 The aftermath of the combat stirred up thousands of storm clouds and set off monstrous air currents, the aftermath of which was so vast that it resembled a hurricane. The rank eight Gu Immortals were swept and blown away by the aftershocks. Even Calamity Luck Altar halted, Bing Sai Chuan and the others inside were unable to stand on their feet firmly, their bodies were shaking violently.


 Subconsciously, everyone started to avoid Fang Yuan and Duke Long.


 "Fang Yuan was blocked."


 "As expected, only a monster can block a monster!"


 "Let the two of them fight."


 Only Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth and forced herself to fly over, intending to reinforce Duke Long as his support.


 Fang Yuan and Duke Long clashed again, tornadoes formed, lightning flashed and thunder roared.


 Because of heavenly dragon’s last stand, Duke Long was getting stronger by the minute! Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had a large number of dao marks and Myriad Year Flying Warship, he had the upper hand for now.


 Duke Long continued to move back as the two of them fought closer and closer to the teleportation formation.


 Immortal killer move — Self-Moving Dragon Qi Wall!


 Left without a choice, Duke Long roared as he spread his arms, a huge invisible qi wall appeared before Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan pushed Myriad Year Flying Warship to charge forward, after moving for a few dozen steps, he was stopped by the qi wall, unable to move further.


 Duke Long started to cultivate Primordial Origin’s true inheritance long ago, he naturally knew about the killer move qi wall. This move was modified by him, Fang Yuan could vaguely see countless qi currents inside the wall. These currents were all dragon-shaped, the dragon heads spun around while chasing the tail, creating countless whirlpools.


 These dragon-shaped qi currents were very profound, they could reduce the force of external impacts and greatly increase the qi wall’s durability.


 Duke Long’s self-moving dragon qi wall could not be as firm as the primordial qi wall but it was very durable, it successfully obstructed Fang Yuan.


 Even though Fang Yuan used unlimited qi sea to destroy the primordial qi wall, he had modified it according to his understanding of the qi wall in the first place.


 Currently, Fang Yuan knew little about this dragon qi wall, it was impossible to replicate his former success now.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with brilliance, since he could not unravel this move, he had to use force instead.


 He turned into a bandit monkey again, stretching his arms as he pushed forward.


 Immortal killer move — Strength Path Giant Hand!


 Rumble!


 The surrounding thousand feet of air was pushed side, two translucent hands that were the size of mountains crashed towards Duke Long’s qi wall with immeasurable might.


 Within the qi wall, Duke Long raised his head and spread out his arms, sustaining his qi wall killer move.


 The two strength path giant hands moved for several hundred steps before becoming slower, unable to advance further.


 Fang Yuan and Duke Long had solemn expressions as they exerted strength, falling into a deadlock.


 "Good chance!" Seeing this, Qin Ding Ling realized that her chance to attack had arrived.


 In the earlier battle, she could not find a chance to attack, she could only prepare her killer moves.


 Once the chance arrived, she immediately threw out a small golden dagger.


 The dagger was only the size of a thumb, it flew into the air and grew larger as it moved, by the time it reached the top of Fang Yuan’s head, it was already the size of a horse carriage.


 Swish swish swish.


 The golden blade swung down, attempting to slice off Fang Yuan’s luck advantage.


 But Cooking Luck Pot suddenly appeared above Fang Yuan, it flew up and resisted the attack of the golden blade.


 Clang clang clang...


 The golden blade landed on Cooking Luck Pot, golden sparks appeared due to the collision.


 In a few breaths of time, the golden blade slashed for several hundred times before fading away on its own.


 Cooking Luck Pot completely defended against this killer move, even though cracks appeared on the surface, it was intact overall.


 The golden blade was a rank eight luck path killer move, while Cooking Luck Pot had been elevated to a rank seven Immortal Gu House, it could resist rank eight attacks.


 "Cooking Luck Pot?" Qin Ding Ling exclaimed in shock, recognizing it immediately.


 She was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s concubine after all, she knew about the existence of Cooking Luck Pot.


 "Your Cooking Luck Pot is only rank seven, even if it can block me ten times, can it stop me twenty times? Thirty times?" Qin Ding Ling snorted coldly in her mind, attacking Fang Yuan furiously.


 Cooking Luck Pot was only rank seven, even though it could resist rank eight, Qin Ding Ling was not an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal, she was specialized in luck path. Cooking Luck Pot could block her now but the duration would not be long.


 Fang Yuan noticed this too, he immediately withdrew his strength path giant hands and stopped this immortal killer move.


 Duke Long was still sustaining the qi wall, he could not attack, Fang Yuan was able to retreat with ease.


 "Qin Ding Ling, you did well." Duke Long praised secretly.


 In the deadlock earlier, Duke Long was in a disadvantage, over half of his dragon spirals in the qi wall had dissipated.


 Thankfully, Qin Ding Ling interfered and forced Fang Yuan to retreat.


 Thoughts clashed like lightning in Fang Yuan’s mind as he analyzed the situation.


 He had abundant methods, but as long as the transportation formation existed, he could not use most of his methods casually.


 Once he activates these methods and Fairy Zi Wei tries to teleport him forcefully, it might greatly disrupt Fang Yuan, causing his activation to fail.


 Once his killer move fails, he would suffer varying extents of backlash.


 If Fang Yuan suffered a backlash now, the consequences would be unthinkable!


 Because of his dao mark amplification, the power was at least one thousand five hundred times! The backlash would be equally amplified.


 And more terrifyingly, the sovereign immortal body had non-conflicting dao marks, Fang Yuan had to endure the complete backlash. That way, as long as Fang Yuan faced one backlash, he would likely die.


 Only moves like strength path giant hand with low activation time could be used as they only needed few thoughts to maintain. Even if the killer move was destroyed, only the strength path giant hands would break apart, the Gu Immortal’s own backlash would be very marginal.


 "In that case, let me try another move." Fang Yuan began to prepare his killer move.


 He cultivated all paths, he had abundant methods, in this regard, even Duke Long and Thunder Ghost True Monarch, these dual cultivators, could not match up.


 In a few breaths of time, Fang Yuan’s killer move was prepared.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Self!


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh swoosh...


 Countless Fang Yuan spread out into the sky from Myriad Year Flying Warship, a ten thousand person army was formed instantly.


 The original myriad self killer move was turned into an Immortal Gu recipe by Fang Yuan, in which he refined Immortal Gu Myriad Self.


 But the myriad self killer move that Fang Yuan used now was not the original version, it was a human path killer move that used myriad self Immortal Gu as the core!


 At the next moment, all of the Fang Yuan clones charged towards the qi wall.


 Their strength was lower than the main body of course, but because his main body had too many dao marks, all of these myriad self clones all had at least desolate beast level battle strength.


 After using this killer move, Fang Yuan gained a desolate beast army that numbered to ten thousand. All of these clones were controlled by Fang Yuan with ease, as if they were extensions of his limbs.


 A portion of the myriad self army charged towards the qi wall, some charged at Qin Ding Ling, while the bulk of them got past the qi wall and attacked the transportation formation behind instead.


 Even though Duke Long’s qi wall was strong, it could not compare to the primordial qi wall. Duke Long’s heart jumped, he tried to cancel this move but Fang Yuan’s main body came charging with Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Duke Long grunted as he dispelled that thought, continuing to maintain the qi wall.


 In a battle between experts, activating killer moves was not easy, but dispelling them was similarly difficult.


 On the other end, Qin Ding Ling was surrounded by Fang Yuan’s clones as they fought. Qin Ding Ling was very powerful, these clones were no threat to her, but they were enough to distract her, she had to waste time and effort to deal with them.


 Fairy Zi Wei took in a deep breath of shock.


 She instantly realized, this was a huge test to her. If she failed the test, the transportation formation would be destroyed, it would cause a series of problems, the entire battle situation would crumble, the plan to repair fate Gu would fail!


 "There is no time to mobilize Heavenly Court’s forces. I can only rely on myself!" Fairy Zi Wei had a determined expression as she did her best, instilling all of her attention into the formation.


 She was wholeheartedly concentrating!


 Star Constellation Chessboard buzzed incessantly, its chess pieces were shining in starlight on the surface of Star Constellation Chessboard, with three of them being the brightest.


 These were the three pieces that Star Constellation’s silhouette had tossed over earlier!


 Fairy Zi Wei’s mind had countless thoughts that resembled the starry sky, they shined brightly.


 The formation activated, shooting out waves of starlight specks. Countless specks landed on Fang Yuan’s clones, very few missed their target, even though Fang Yuan’s clones were doing their best to dodge.


 As long as they were hit by the starlight specks, they would be teleported outside of Heavenly Court, vanishing instantly.


 These clones did not have the killer move heaven form, they could not rejoin the battle.


 "Good!" Duke Long and Qin Ding Ling let out sighs of relief.


 Fairy Zi Wei did not disappoint them, at the crucial moment, she gave a display of a wisdom path great expert!


 Fang Yuan frowned lightly: "This will not do. Fate Gu is slowly being repaired, Heavenly Court has the overall momentum in this battle. Fairy Zi Wei cannot last long but she is planning to stall for time. Over here, I am obstructed by Duke Long and Qin Ding Ling..."


 Fang Yuan looked at Longevity Heaven’s side again.


 These people were obstructed by the transportation formation too, Calamity Luck Altar was charging towards Heaven Overseeing Tower but a starlight pillar was moving them back each time.


 "If I ask them to reinforce me, they would receive the same treatment too. Furthermore, if they come here, I will not be able to use my methods freely, I should let them attack the surroundings to pressure and drain Fairy Zi Wei’s energy."


 Duke Long’s qi wall could move, it could not block the myriad self clones but it could block Myriad Year Flying Warship wholeheartedly.


 As Fang Yuan fought against Duke Long, he contacted Eastern Sea’s immortals.


 Heavenly Court’s transportation formation had one great weakness, it needed stars as the springboard. Even within Heavenly Court, that was the case, the starlight pillars shot down from white heaven’s countless stars.


 Fang Yuan could not destroy the transportation formation now, but it was the same if the stars in white heaven were destroyed.


 Luckily, a group of Eastern Sea rank eights were there!



***
Chapter 1937 Rod Transformation!


***





 



 Eastern Sea’s eight Gu Immortals had already arrived in white heaven, they destroyed many stars.


 Their ambition was not as large as Southern Border, Northern Plains, and Western Desert, they only wanted to plunder some Central Continent resources and expend its foundation.


 Because they were worried that Heavenly Court would send reinforcements to stop them, they targeted the stars in white heaven instead.


 Their strategy had coincidentally become the most crucial point in the entire battle right now!


 Among them were Zhang Yin, Granny Rong, and the other dragon generals, Wu Shuai did not recall them, they were left in this group, to try to destroy the stars.


 Wu Shuai made a wise decision.


 If only Shen Cong Sheng, Qing Yue An, Hua Cai Yun, and Song Qi Yuan were left, they might not have enough guts to destroy the stars.


 Eastern Sea’s eight immortals were quite efficient in destroying the stars.


 The eight of them arrived in front of a giant sized star.


 The star was so huge that these eight immortals felt very minute.


 Heavenly Court scattered countless stars in white heaven, they were mutually connected, creating a web that had its own arrangements.


 Each area had a giant star as the formation core, around the giant star were many large sized stars.


 And around the large sized stars were countless mid and small sized stars, flying around casually, they did not have fixed locations.


 Song Qi Yuan first flew onto the giant star as he shut his eyes, quietly sensing the connection between the stars.


 More than ten breaths later, he shut his eyes, activating a light path killer move as he pointed far away.


 Each time he pointed, a sharp profound light would shoot out of his finger at lightning speed, vanishing into the horizon.


 Far away, mid and small sized stars exploded into smithereens.


 This light path killer move was very special, it could trace the source of any light and attack it. It could even target gazes.


 In the previous life, Song Qi Yuan used this move to destroy a star that Fang Yuan refined, causing his star eyes Immortal Gu to fail.


 In this life, Song Qi Yuan used this move against Heavenly Court, the effect was immediate as well.


 After Song Qi Yuan destroyed all of the stars he could sense, he stopped and nodded at Qing Yue An.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Mountain Ranges!


 Qing Yue An gave a cry as the phantom image of countless mountains appeared, the entire mountain range crashed into the giant star.


 The giant star was huge but it was just an immortal material, under the attack of the rank eight killer move, it shattered and was destroyed, breaking into countless star fragments.


 Almost at the same time the giant star was destroyed, Fairy Zi Wei, who was within Heavenly Court’s transportation formation, sensed it.


 Her expression changed.


 The destruction of one giant star was not an issue. Heavenly Court scattered many stars in white heaven, the loss of one was insignificant.


 But in this situation, it had a different implication.


 Currently, Northern Plains’ immortals and Fang Yuan’s clones were attacking all the important areas of Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei had to activate the formation to transport them away.


 The formation was constantly activated, it was like a person running while keeping a dangerous balance. If the person steps on a rock, no matter how small it is, they would lose their balance and fall, getting injured. The faster they are running, the heavier their injuries when they fall.


 The transportation formation was being used so intensely now, if any errors happen when the destroyed star is needed for the process, the transportation formation would be severely damaged by its own backlash, it might get destroyed.


 Fairy Zi Wei had thought that these Eastern Sea immortals held the lowest threat to them, but to think that in this situation and time, the eight Eastern Sea immortals were her most fatal threat!


 She had to be careful now, any suspicious stars could not be used now.


 Fang Yuan acutely sensed the changes in the formation, he attacked wildly while activating myriad self, and also transmitting information to Shen Cong Sheng.


 Shen Cong Sheng received Fang Yuan’s message and understood Heavenly Court’s situation, he became very excited.


 He urged the seven immortals: "Now is our best chance, Fang Yuan has already made his move, Heavenly Court cannot divert its attention. The more stars we destroy, the more problems Heavenly Court will face. Heavenly Court’s main forces are restrained in Hairy Foot Mountain, while Heavenly Court itself is being attacked by Longevity Heaven and Fang Yuan. If we do well here, we might have a chance of destroying Heavenly Court!"


 Shen Cong Sheng’s words raised the morale of the other seven immortals, their efficiency went up at once.


 Hairy Foot Mountain battlefield.


 The sharp sound of phoenix chirping pierced the eardrums and ran through the battlefield.


 The source of the sound was Prince Feng Xian’s killer move — Phoenix Chirping Divine Flame!


 The flames burned with raging intensity, coiling around Di Zang Sheng’s body as it was set ablaze.


 At the other side, Bai Cang Shui also used her killer move, countless water waves rushed towards Di Zang Sheng’s body without stopping even for a moment.


 Di Zang Sheng was attacked by more than just these two people, it was just too large, Heavenly Court’s immortals had their own area to target and attack.


 Di Zang Sheng roared continuously, it was attacked by flames and water, lightning and poison, but it still rushed towards the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, the attacks of the Heavenly Court immortals did not distract it successfully.


 Its performance did not fit historical records, back then, Di Zang Sheng caused chaos and attacked everything in its sight, it was easily drawn away, it had never shown such a clear objective.


 "Oh no! This legendary immemorial beast has likely been enslaved." Zhou Xiong Xin shouted.


 Heavenly Court’s main forces did not have wisdom path Gu Immortals, but Zhou Xiong Xin cultivated information path, he was most skilled at collecting information and clues.


 He even had information path killer moves that could mimic wisdom path effects.


 After fighting for some time, Zhou Xiong Xin immediately deduced the truth behind Di Zang Sheng.


 Di Zang Sheng was attacked by the Heavenly Court immortals, it was covered in injuries. In terms of defense, it was inferior to Duke Long, it also had no wild Immortal Gu, it was fighting with its own innate abilities.


 Every time it waved its claws, it could create a gale. The Heavenly Court immortals avoided them, none of them wanting to try the feeling of being caught by Di Zang Sheng.


 Each of its roars could set off shocking waves of sound, violently impacting everyone’s eardrums and hearts.


 Its size was too large, even if it suffered countless blows, it was not a big deal to its entire body.


 It endured the furious attacks of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, it persevered towards the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation as it began to cause destruction.


 Heavenly Court’s immortals felt a sense of helplessness, against Di Zang Sheng, even if they used their full strength, they were like rats trying to topple an elephant.


 "What do I do?"


 "At this rate, the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation cannot sustain itself."


 "Attacking the enemy will save it, we have to face offense with offense!"


 Heavenly Court’s immortals had rich experience, they quickly found a countermeasure.


 Vortex Space Boy and Jun Shen Guang moved ahead while Zhu Que Er and Zhu Que Er became the middle group, they all moved towards the five regional limit formation.


 At this moment, Di Zang Sheng opened its mouth, an Immortal Gu House flew out.


 This Immortal Gu House was shining in orange-gold light, it was grand and overbearing, this was the rank eight Immortal Gu House — Dragon Palace.


 A wave of smoke flew out of Dragon Palace like an illusory dream.


 "Dream path killer move?!" Heavenly Court’s immortals recognized it, they were shocked and fearful, quickly dodging.


 Wherever dreamy light smoke went, Heavenly Court’s immortals dodged and gave way.


 The light smoke covered the five regional limit formation and quickly retrieved it.


 Heavenly Court’s immortals tried to use methods to attack dreamy light smoke but dream path killer moves were unstoppable in this era, all of their hard work ended up in vain.


 The five regional limit formation was brought into Dragon Palace, Zhan Bu Du stored it away, after landing inside Dragon Palace, he met with Wu Shuai.


 Wu Shuai used Dragon Palace’s methods to immediately heal him.


 Heavenly Court was a strong foe, even though they were in a disadvantage, they could still retaliate. Heavenly Court’s main forces used the best tactic, forcing Zhan Bu Du to store the five regional limit formation.


 This formation had already been attacked countless times, it was at its limits already.


 Not only did Zhan Bu Du need healing, this five regional limit formation also needed to be repaired.


 Without the formation, even though there was still five colored smoke in the battlefield, it lost its source and quickly dwindled.


 Wu Shuai drove Dragon Palace directly into the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation with Di Zang Sheng, without tangling with Heavenly Court’s members.


 "Hold on! We need to hold on!" The Gu Immortals controlling the formation shouted, the atmosphere was tense and solemn.


 In order to protect Hairy Foot Mountain and Infallible blessed land, they had to keep the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation up.


 However, be it the five colored smoke or Di Zang Sheng, they were fatally dangerous to the formation.


 After entering the formation, Di Zang Sheng’s strength rose greatly.


 It was restricted in the five colored smoke earlier, after all, it was a Central Continent legendary immemorial beast, it was not from the nine heavens.


 Immortal killer move — Unlimited Wind!


 While Heavenly Court’s main forces retreated, Wu Yong found a chance and permanently expended wind path dao marks to unleash the unceasing tornado.


 The tornado rampaged, suppressing the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation from the outside, adding an additional problem to Heavenly Court.


 Emperor City battlefield.


 Myriad Statue Palace and Divine Bean Palace helped each other, firmly holding Western Desert’s ground.


 Thousand Transformations Ancestor charged into the battle alone, using all sorts of powerful transformation path killer moves to force back Yue Yang Palace and Frost Dragon Manor.


 Like Zhang Fei Xiong and Flesh Whip Immortal, Thousand Transformations Ancestor also had the ability to fight Immortal Gu Houses with his body!


 But the overall situation was, Central Continent still had the upper hand.


 They were all affected by heroes among people, this human path killer move was indeed a venerable method, it could not be assessed with common sense.


 Within Emperor City, the competition was also at a crucial stage.


 Hong Yi stared at the fire with his full concentration. No matter how the immortals fought outside, they could not disturb him.


 Ye Fan was the same, he wholeheartedly wanted to compete with Hong Yi. But different from Hong Yi, he was using a light path refinement method, aurora lights constantly moved vividly, reflecting off his face.


 In the competition ground, one by one, Gu Masters failed, success dao marks were sent to Infallible blessed land by batches.


 Next, the success dao marks in Infallible blessed land were extracted by Heavenly Court and sent to Yuan Qiong Du.


 Yuan Qiong Du controlled the refinement path Gu formation, he continued to repair fate Gu, he was making quick progress.


 Within this refinement path Gu formation, there were Cong Yan and Che Wei defending the place with their full strength.


 As Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals got near the formation, starlight would land on them, they would be teleported out without resistance.


 "As expected of Lady Zi Wei."


 "She is so dependable."


 Che Wei and Cong Yan sighed.


 "Persevere, persevere!" Fairy Zi Wei was covered in sweat now, her face was pale and her head was emitting steam from overheating.


 She encouraged herself continuously: "The situation is still within my grasp, persistence will lead to victory!"


 But at the next moment, Fang Yuan, who was on Myriad Year Flying Warship, laughed loudly.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Beings Assimilation Transformation.


 Immortal killer move — Falling Star Rod Transformation!


 He suddenly turned into a huge rod, black and thick.


 Next, he used a star path killer move — Leading Countless Stars!


 "Oh no!" Fairy Zi Wei’s expression changed, she felt like she was sitting on a wild horse carriage that could not stop.


 The horse pulling it was rampaging, even if she held the reins, she could not stop this horse carriage anymore.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, the entire transportation formation self-detonated, starlight specks faded away, no longer shining down.


 Fairy Zi Wei suffered an immense backlash, she was at the point of near death, falling unconscious.



***
Chapter 1938 Heavenly Courts Crisis


***





 



 The transportation formation’s self-detonation shook all the surroundings as Heavenly Court’s battlefield froze for a moment.


 Next, Northern Plains’ immortals erupted with cheers and caused a huge commotion.


 "Zi Wei!" Qin Ding Ling turned pale with shock as she turned into a flash of light, saving Fairy Zi Wei from the rubble of the transportation formation.


 Fairy Zi Wei had fainted, she was in poor shape, Qin Ding Ling needed to save her immediately.


 Qin Ding Ling had no hesitation, she immediately retreated, no longer assisting Duke Long in battle. She knew her limits, she was not very useful for Duke Long, while Fairy Zi Wei was the strategist of Heavenly Court, she was vital and could not be lost.


 Fang Yuan wanted to use this chance to kill Fairy Zi Wei of course, but Duke Long blocked his advancement each time.


 Undeniably, Duke Long’s modified qi wall was very strong, it got past the immobile weakness of the primordial qi wall, it was agile and durable. After Duke Long used this move, even Fang Yuan’s Myriad Year Flying Warship could not break through it.


 Within the qi wall, Duke Long had a grim expression, he treated Fang Yuan as the greatest enemy of his life, the disdain and contempt he showed earlier were completely gone.


 Only until Fang Yuan destroyed the transportation formation did Duke Long realize: Fang Yuan’s myriad self killer move earlier was just a distraction, it was intended to stall for time.


 Fang Yuan’s true method was waiting all along in the dark, once used, it caused a huge impact!


 "Why does Fang Yuan have the method to break the formation so coincidentally?"


 Duke Long knew that Fang Yuan was able to break the qi wall earlier because of his rebirth. But this transportation formation was definitely out of Fang Yuan’s expectations, he was troubled by it earlier after all, if he had seen it in a previous life, he would have been prepared against it.


 "This means that Fang Yuan deduced the method to break the killer move during battle? How can that be possible?" Duke Long was perplexed.


 Heavenly Court made such an arrangement, they naturally guarded against Fang Yuan, they knew about his wisdom path attainment.


 With Fang Yuan’s foundation, he would need a lot of time to unravel this transportation formation.


 Speaking of which, this was quite a coincidence.


 When Fang Yuan explored the Dragon Whale Paradise, he had obtained the falling star rod tree from Shen Cong Sheng.


 The growth conditions of this immemorial desolate plant were still a mystery as it had been extraordinarily rare and low in quantity since ancient times.


 It had the unique trait of constantly attracting stars, falling into the trunk of the tree and turning into a single star mark. That was why it was called falling star.


 According to rumors, one of the motives that Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had when he traveled the world alone was to collect this tree.


 The value of the falling star rod tree did not just lie in itself.


 By planting it in the immortal aperture, the Gu Immortal could use it to create an entire system of orbiting stars. It was a unique ecology that brought incremental gains every year, and the total amount of gains over time, day after day, year after year, was almost impossible to estimate.


 Without this tree, even if Fang Yuan knew about the falling star rod tree, he could not transform into it. But after obtaining it, he observed and studied it, gaining the falling star rod tree transformation.


 Other than the rod tree transformation, Fang Yuan also had Dong Fang Chang Fan’s myriad star fireflies, and Ye Lui Qun Xing’s leading countless stars killer move. These were all loot he gained in the past.


 Leading countless stars was exceptional. It used the star fragments primarily and expended little immortal essence. Using the attractive force of star fragments, it could generate starlight magnetic force to continue manipulating stars. The more stars there were, the stronger this move would be.


 Back then during the Northern Plains battle, Ye Lui Qun Xing used this move and was virtually unstoppable.


 The killer move leading countless stars was targeted against stars and made use of them. On top of that foundation, Fang Yuan also had star path and formation path grandmaster attainment level, as well as the light of wisdom. By modifying the killer move in battle, he was able to achieve amazing results.


 Duke Long was very shocked that he could destroy the transportation formation.


 In Duke Long’s eyes, Fang Yuan started to become unfathomable.


 On Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan dispelled falling star rod tree transformation and returned to his human form.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Self!


 Bam bam bam...


 A vast number of Fang Yuan’s clones appeared again, filling the sky, they were like fireflies that spread out to the surroundings.


 Heavenly Court felt a little troubled, in this battle, they were suffering from a lack of manpower.


 Even though Star Constellation’s will awakened many Heavenly Court rank eights earlier, because the transportation formation was destroyed, they were all stuck in Hairy Foot Mountain now.


 "Troops far away cannot salvage the situation!" Duke Long sighed, he had no choice but to use a method.


 Qi path immortal killer move — Qi Engulfing Mountains and Rivers!


 At that instant, an unparalleled force descended from the sky, pressing down on the entire place.


 The world became still, nothing was left unaffected.


 Fang Yuan’s clones were all destroyed, Calamity Luck Altar was forced to the ground, resisting stubbornly with creaking sounds. The Heavenly Court Immortal Gu Houses within the range of this killer move were even more badly affected, they were directly destroyed as the place turned into ruins.


 Fang Yuan and Myriad Year Flying Warship were not spared either, they were enveloped by qi engulfing mountains and rivers, the warship’s speed fell as it rapidly descended from the sky while bearing the weight of mountains and rivers.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, instead of shock, he felt joy.


 Duke Long’s qi engulfing mountains and rivers was quite familiar to him, in the previous life, when fighting for Dragon Palace, he had used it to claim victory.


 But now, Duke Long had to use this move to destroy Fang Yuan’s myriad self. He was truly in a passive spot, he had to give up Heavenly Court’s own Immortal Gu Houses.


 Immortal killer move — Immemorial Year Monkey Transformation!


 Fang Yuan transformed again, all of his dao marks turned into one million and five hundred thousand time path dao marks.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship itself was a time path Immortal Gu House, it was activated by Fang Yuan with full force now, its power rose drastically, it was re-energized and shot out like a flying sword, as if qi engulfing mountains and rivers did not exist!


 Duke Long stared at Fang Yuan furiously, he could not catch up now, he watched as Fang Yuan charged towards the immortal graveyard.


 Fang Yuan did not intend to target Heaven Overseeing Tower. Firstly, Heaven Overseeing Tower was defended by a formation now, time was needed to get in, secondly, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s painting path method was still around, Fang Yuan was wary against it.


 The immortal graveyard was an important place of Heavenly Court, it was likely to have a venerable method, but Fang Yuan had to take the risk.


 The immortal graveyard was a huge variable, destroying it now would greatly benefit Fang Yuan and the rest!


 Within Imperfection Regret Pavilion.


 Seeing that Fang Yuan approached the immortal graveyard, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette’s expression changed as she grabbed a chess piece, preparing to toss it.


 But at this moment, Limitless Demon Venerable’s silhouette smiled lightly as he placed a piece on the chessboard.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette stopped her action, if she tossed this chess piece, Limitless Demon Venerable would gain an absolute advantage, she would not be able to turn this game around anymore!


 "Limitless, you really think highly of Fang Yuan." Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette sighed, she placed the chess piece back onto the board.


 Next, her gaze turned sharp as blades, she said coldly: "But it is not so easy to stop me."


 Before she finished her words, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made several moves at once, placing pieces on the chessboard continuously.


 Limitless Demon Venerable quickly followed after her, not giving her any advantage.


 Both sides exchanged moves, they placed over a hundred pieces in a few breaths of time, the entire chessboard was filled with pieces but the strange thing was, this chessboard seemed to have no size limit, no matter how many they placed, the chessboard could hold them!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette was restrained by Limitless Demon Venerable, Fang Yuan managed to reach the immortal graveyard by moving straight ahead without obstacles.


 "Fang Yuan! If you do anything to it, I will make sure you die without a proper corpse!!" Duke Long was still chasing him from behind.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, using strength path giant hand.


 Slam, his giant hand was huge but extremely fast, it slammed down rapidly.


 But the process of the giant hand’s movement became very slow, space seemed the same but it was actually tens of thousands of li long now.


 At the crucial moment, someone interfered, but it was not a venerable method.


 "Who is it?!" Fang Yuan shouted, his eyes shined like lightning as he looked towards his left.


 In Fang Yuan’s vision, a female immortal slowly revealed her appearance.


 She had a peculiar appearance, her entire body was made of wood, she wore a green dress made from vines, even though she had a human face, one could see the trunk rings on her tree bark skin, her eyes were clear as a tranquil lake.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, from her aura, this female immortal was close to Di Zang Sheng’s level!


 "Human immortal, stop. Don’t try to destroy Heavenly Court, otherwise, I, Cang Xuan Zi, will have to stop you." The female immortal spoke, her voice was gentle but contained immense determination.


 "Cang Xuan Zi?" Fang Yuan realized after a moment.


 Heavenly Court had three legendary immemorial beasts, they were Shabi Ninety-five, Ruan Dan, and Cang Xuan Zi.


 Cang Xuan Zi was a vast heaven vine, it was a unique existence in Heavenly Court, it did not need to follow orders, but only had to provide a batch of vast heaven fruits every thousand years.


 In the previous life, when Longevity Heaven attacked Heavenly Court, Cang Xuan Zi watched the battle without doing anything. But to think that she would take action in this life when Fang Yuan invaded!


 "It seems that Cang Xuan Zi and Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had some sort of special agreement, nobody else knows about it!" Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he mobilized Myriad Year Flying Warship to charge towards the immortal graveyard.


 Cang Xuan Zi sighed, she turned into a green light and blocked Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 With a loud sound, Myriad Year Flying Warship crashed into Cang Xuan Zi’s body, its momentum was halted while Cang Xuan Zi was sent flying away.


 She spat out a mouthful of green blood, but she continued to attack Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 "Fang Yuan, your life is mine!" At this moment, Duke Long arrived, he opened his mouth and bore his fangs, turning into blades that slashed at Fang Yuan.


 Instantly, Fang Yuan became trapped from the front and back.


 He was not flustered, he first pointed at Duke Long to use spring scissors, before pointing at Cang Xuan Zi as the Myriad Year Flying Warship below him shot out countless flying swords, they were all daybreak flying swords!


 Spring scissors flew out and snipped the dragon fangs, before approaching Duke Long with an unstoppable force.


 Duke Long had to retreat.


 Daybreak flying swords shot out like a waterfall towards Cang Xuan Zi, after enduring it for a few moments, Cang Xuan Zi could not hold on anymore and retreated.


 Fang Yuan yelled, Myriad Year Flying Warship soared into the sky again, before rapidly descending towards the immortal graveyard.


 But distance was extended once again, an unobservable profundity was occurring around the surrounding space!


 Fang Yuan turned around and stared at Cang Xuan Zi, saying a sentence fiercely: "You are courting death."


 Cang Xuan Zi was covered in sweat, she had tried her best to use the space path killer move, but she could only stall Fang Yuan temporarily.


 Thankfully, Duke Long was around, he attacked Fang Yuan once more but was forced to retreat yet again.


 Fang Yuan’s strength suppressed both Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi.


 The two sides fought for over a hundred rounds, the more they fought, the stronger Fang Yuan’s aura and the more injuries gathered on the bodies of Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi.


 Rumble!


 With a loud sound, Fang Yuan’s Luo Po seal landed on Cang Xuan Zi as she screamed, his giant hand slammed Duke Long to the ground.


 "Duke Long, you are already old! With this aged body of yours, how long can you last?" Fang Yuan smiled coldly.


 "Until I die." Duke Long was filled with determination and battle intent, one of his dragon horns was broken, his dragon scales were cracked, he was covered in blood.


 But he would rather fight to the death!


 Within the refinement path formation, Northern Plains’ past generation experts surrounded Cong Yan and Che Wei.


 "Kill, kill them both!"


 "They are already at their limit."


 "How can merely two people stop us? Hmph, they are overestimating themselves!"


 Northern Plains’ immortals were ready to attack, killing intent surged and filled the entire space.


 Che Wei and Cong Yan were covered in blood, as long as they stood at the same spot for a few seconds, a pool of blood would gather below them.


 "It seems that we are going to die here."


 "Hehehe, then we will die. Even if we die, we will use our lives to get as much time as we can for Yuan Qiong Du."


 The two looked at each other, they smiled with the determination to die.


 "Come, this is our final battle!" As the weaker side, they shouted even louder than the Northern Plains immortals.


 The Northern Plains immortals’ expressions changed.


 "These are two respectable opponents."


 "I will use my strongest killer move to send you off, this is my respect towards you both!"


 Boom boom boom!


 Intense battle erupted once again.


 Emperor City.


 Countless gazes were heatedly locked onto the final competition grounds.


 Most of the Gu Masters had failed, they all left the stage.


 There were only two people left, one was Ye Fan, the other was Hong Yi. The final victor would be either one of these two!


 "The competition is ending, our mission to defend is about to succeed!"


 "Persevere, everyone!!"


 Central Continent’s troops cheered in advance.


 "What do we do?" Thousand Transformations Ancestor could not take them down, he started to feel anxious.


 Fang Di Chang was silent but he snorted coldly in his heart: "You are all too naive, so what if we are blocked? Hahaha, it has finally arrived!"


 At this precise moment, the ground cracked open, the earth shook as a huge Earth Trench appeared, the terrifying crack expanded towards Emperor City!


 "What is happening?"


 "An Earth Trench! Damn it, Emperor City is in the path of the Earth Trench."


 "Quick, save the people!!"


 Central Continent’s troops were flustered, they wanted to salvage the situation. But Fang Di Chang was prepared from the start, he manipulated Divine Bean Palace and charged out to block the Central Continent troops.


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals had no choice but to block Divine Bean Palace in a panic, they did not have the strength to save the mortals in Emperor City.


 "We are doomed!"


 "Who can save us?"


 "No, we cannot give up hope!"


 Emperor City was in complete chaos.


 River of Time.


 The river water moved in waves, Feng Jiu Ge stood in a time path Immortal Gu House as he pondered with his eyes closed, he was quietly comprehending.


 Suddenly, his eyes opened, his expression was of utter shock.


 A stone lotus island slowly appeared in Feng Jiu Ge’s vision.


 "This is..." At this instance, Feng Jiu Ge thought of the words Qin Ding Ling said before he left —


 "I observed your luck for you, it shows that your fortuitous encounter is in the River of Time. Go, your fortune is there, it will lead you to great accomplishments! You originally wanted to go to the River of Time and increase your comprehension to complete destiny song, this is a wise decision, it cannot go wrong."


 "Don’t tell me, this is my fortuitous encounter?" Feng Jiu Ge restrained the shock in his mind as he entered the stone lotus island.



***
Chapter 1939 Blood-Kin Heart Revenge


***





 



 Heavenly Court battlefield.


 "You finally woke up!" Qin Ding Ling looked at Fairy Zi Wei who was slowly opening her eyes, she let out a breath of air.


 "I..." Fairy Zi Wei was a little dazed but she soon regained her senses: "How is the battle situation now?"


 "The situation is not good!" Qin Ding Ling said grimly, she spread her palms as a golden silhouette appeared.


 Within the silhouette, one could see the scene of Fang Yuan suppressing Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi.


 Immortal killer move — Purple-Gold Dragon-Shaped Qi!


 After using this killer move, be it offense, defense, healing, or movement, all of Duke Long’s actions would have accompanying purple-gold dragon-shaped qi.


 This was his main method in qi path, it was very comprehensive.


 In the previous life, Five Elements Grandmaster died from this move by Duke Long.


 But even in this state, Duke Long was repelled by Fang Yuan continuously.


 Duke Long was still very strong, but Fang Yuan relied on Myriad Year Flying Warship, displaying unprecedented time path battle strength!


 Spring scissors and summer fan had incredible power, even Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi could not block these attacks.


 Fairy Zi Wei took a few glances and exclaimed: "Fang Yuan’s battle strength is so terrifying! He seems to have a transformation path method to turn all of his dao marks into the same path. Not only did he advance to rank eight, his dao marks are at an absurd number. How did he do it?"


 "Rather than thinking about this, you should think about how we can resolve this crisis now!" Qin Ding Ling urged.


 Fairy Zi Wei was silent for a while before analyzing as she pointed at the silhouette: "Lord Duke Long’s strength is not inferior to Fang Yuan, it is just that he is too passive now as a result of protecting the immortal graveyard. This gives Fang Yuan the initiative, Lord Duke Long has to endure every offensive killer move he uses to make sure the immortal graveyard is intact."


 Fang Yuan could casually dodge Duke Long’s attacks but Duke Long had to block Fang Yuan’s attacks. This was too great of an advantage.


 If one analyzed this, they would see that Duke Long and Fang Yuan were quite similar in power level. But Fang Yuan’s tactic was too wise, Duke Long would not be overly concerned if he attacked Heaven Overseeing Tower with high defense, but the immortal graveyard was different.


 The primordial qi wall was destroyed by Fang Yuan, that was truly a huge move, it was crucial. It caused Duke Long to be taxed with defending against Fang Yuan’s attacks now.


 Star Constellation’s will could have awakened more Gu Immortals from the immortal graveyard, but Limitless Demon Venerable was stopping her at the moment.


 How could they resolve this issue?


 Fairy Zi Wei started to think about this deeply but she felt a strong headache, the intense pain made her body shake as she almost fainted again.


 "Be careful, your injuries are still quite severe!" Qin Ding Ling called out in concern.


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded, frowning and enduring the headache, she spoke with difficulty: "The immortal graveyard is the biggest foundation and accumulation of Heavenly Court, we cannot lose it! We need to get rid of the problem which is Fang Yuan now, go and reinforce Senior Duke Long, get Gu Yue Fang Zheng to fight as well. He has been cultivating in the Demon Judgment Board recently, he progressed quite a bit. If you enter the Demon Judgment Board and coordinate with him, there will be good results."


 "What about you?" Qin Ding Ling looked at Fairy Zi Wei with worry.


 Fairy Zi Wei spat out a mouthful of blood: "I need to heal my injuries. Thankfully, there is a healing hall that can help me greatly. Don’t worry, this Immortal Gu House is at the periphery of the battlefield, it will not attract attention."


 "Okay, be careful!" Qin Ding Ling hesitated for a moment before gritting her teeth and flying away.


 Fairy Zi Wei felt her vision turning dark, after taking several huge breaths for a while, she stabilized her injuries and decided to move towards the healing hall.


 Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 Whoosh! Intense winds blew, sweeping everything in their path, rampaging through heaven and earth.


 Duke Long grunted as he flew back by three hundred steps, countless purple-gold scale fragments were scattered along the way.


 The storm also engulfed Cang Xuan Zi, the female immortal cried out in pain as her vines snapped, she used her defensive killer moves with much difficulty to resist the attack.


 Her space path defensive killer move was quite amazing. Any move that landed on her would have to travel through a huge distance to reach her.


 But no matter how long the distance was, the time path tornado still went into the immortal graveyard. Even though it only suffered a minor loss, still far from total destruction, Heavenly Court’s immortals still felt deeply pained when they saw that.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, looking at Cang Xuan Zi coldly.


 He was not happy with the current situation.


 Cang Xuan Zi... he did not expect her to participate, Fang Yuan knew nothing about her. Especially when she cultivated space path, Fang Yuan’s attainment level in this path was too low.


 Without enough space path attainment level, even though Fang Yuan had wisdom path attainment level, he could not deduce anything useful.


 "The bigger threat between them is Duke Long." Standing on Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan looked at Duke Long again.


 Not long ago, when Fang Yuan used summer fan, Duke Long flew back by five hundred steps, but now, it was only three hundred steps.


 Summer fan was an old killer move, even though Fang Yuan modified it, it had already been used before. At this point, Duke Long was getting used to dealing with it.


 Of course, the bigger reason was that Duke Long was continuously getting stronger!


 "Heavenly dragon’s last stand..." Fang Yuan muttered, he could feel what the Northern Plains immortals felt in the previous life when they fought Duke Long.


 Duke Long was strong to begin with, and more terrifyingly, he was continuously getting stronger.


 Fang Yuan knew that even though he had the upper hand now, it was because of his wise tactic of targeting the enemy’s weakness! Duke Long was forced to defend it.


 In terms of real battle, if he fought Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi, they would be evenly matched.


 Fang Yuan had Myriad Year Flying Warship, he coordinated well with it. This was the first time Duke Long was fighting with Cang Xuan Zi, and even though Cang Xuan Zi had deep foundation on par with Di Zang Sheng, she was unfamiliar with fighting techniques, it showed that under normal times she faced combat rarely.


 Thus, Fang Yuan could also sense that she was getting more proficient in her methods as the fight went on.


 After all, a battle of life and death was the greatest form of training.


 "Time is pressing, if I cannot succeed soon, I will need to give up on this target." Fang Yuan took a look at Heaven Overseeing Tower, once Genesis Lotus’ method was activated, he would attack that place.


 Before that, he should destroy the immortal graveyard first. After all, nobody knew which monster would emerge from it next! After all, including Duke Long, Heavenly Court should have a total of four Dao Guardians.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, countless thoughts moved in his mind at rapid speed, countless battle tactics were being created.


 At this point in time, he still had many trump card killer moves left. There was time cutting edge, unlimited qi sea, five finger fist heart sword, lead soul into dream, and other killer moves.


 If he faced other enemies, these methods would decide the battle and kill them. But Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi were not simple characters, against them, if his move failed, they would be prepared against the attack, Fang Yuan would not be able to use them effectively anymore.


 Kill Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi? It was not impossible for Fang Yuan!


 But at the same time, Duke Long still had the killer move triple qi retraction, it was very threatening. If Fang Yuan got hit by it, the consequences would be severe. Fang Yuan was similarly wary of it.


 Furthermore, other than triple qi retraction, did Duke Long have other methods of similar strength?


 Fang Yuan was not sure.


 At the same time, Cang Xuan Zi was quite an unknown factor, she had lived much longer than Duke Long and also had a complex relationship with Genesis Lotus, who knew what methods she could bring out, it would not be surprising.


 Fang Yuan continued to attack, he aimed attacks at the immortal graveyard while looking for an opportunity.


 Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi were experienced monsters, their battle experience was incredibly vast.


 Fang Yuan tried for a long time but he could not create any opportunities.


 Amidst the intense battle, a cloud of blood suddenly appeared.


 The cloud of blood approached Fang Yuan, it had a peculiar aura.


 Fang Yuan stepped softly as Myriad Year Flying Warship shook, a group of daybreak flying swords flew out and attacked the cloud.


 The blood cloud was pierced by Fang Yuan, it was easily torn to shreds and vanished, but Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 At the next moment, Cooking Luck Pot appeared above him, blood markings appeared and stuck themselves onto Cooking Luck Pot, attempting to corrode Fang Yuan’s luck.


 "Blood path killer move?" Fang Yuan’s heart shook, his attacks slowed down as he split his attention to mobilize Cooking Luck Pot.


 But no matter how he tried to cook his luck, he could not get rid of the blood markings. To get rid of them, Fang Yuan would need to concentrate fully, it would expend a lot of his time.


 Fang Yuan cast his gaze far away as an Immortal Gu House approached him.


 This was a red tombstone with countless words moving on it, it was the rank eight Immortal Gu House — Demon Judgment Board!


 "Fang Zheng... is that you?" Although lacking a clear reason, Fang Yuan guessed the identity of the person inside the Demon Judgment Board.


 Within Demon Judgment Board, there was Gu Yue Fang Zheng and also Qin Ding Ling.


 "Fang Yuan was hit!" Fang Zheng was surprised and joyful: "Thank you for amplifying the power of my killer move."


 At this moment, behind Fang Zheng, Qin Ding Ling was placing both palms on his back as she helped him with her full strength.


 Seeing that this move had effect, Qin Ding Ling was surprised too, she looked at Gu Yue Fang Zheng in a new light.


 Fang Zheng only had rank seven cultivation level but like what Fairy Zi Wei predicted, the killer moves he created were very effective on Fang Yuan.


 "Worthy of Fang Yuan’s nemesis, the pawn left behind specially by heaven’s will." Qin Ding Ling sighed to herself.


 Heaven’s will attempted to destroy Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s plan, using Fang Yuan as the pawn. But Fang Yuan as an otherworldly demon was the greatest variable himself, thus heaven’s will arranged for Fang Zheng as well, to become the counter to Fang Yuan.


 Thus, after Fang Zheng became the Demon Judgment Board Lord, he used the experience of the previous generations of Board Lords to create his own killer move, blood-kin heart revenge.


 This blood path mimicked luck path, it also contained the profundity of human path. Qin Ding Ling’s amplification was only icing on the cake.


 Blood-kin heart revenge activated again!


 The blood cloud approached while Fang Yuan dodged it.


 But the blood cloud followed him closely, it did not stop chasing after him.


 "I’ve already used sovereign immortal fetus Gu, this body has no bloodline relationship with him, why is the blood cloud still approaching me?" At once, Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered with uncertainty.



***
Chapter 1940 Limitless, Please Turn Around


***





 



 Fang Yuan’s current main body was made from sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu was a consumable Gu worm, it could turn any life form into a pure bred human. Because the body was not created by normal birth, it had the trait of being half an otherworldly demon.


 The sovereign immortal body had no blood relationship with Gu Yue Fang Zheng, he was only related to Fang Yuan’s rank six time path clone.


 But his clone was currently hidden in the sovereign immortal aperture, isolated from the world. Could Fang Zheng’s method pierce through that boundary and sense the clone in his immortal aperture?


 "Most likely, this move does not use our bloodline relationship but the mental connection with the user." Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he felt that this deduction was more logical.


 He had very little understanding of Fang Zheng’s killer move as he had just seen it.


 Fang Yuan tried for a while and could not get away from the blood cloud. If he destroyed the cloud, blood markings would appear and attack his luck.


 If others used this killer move, there would not be this effect.


 But Fang Zheng was closely connected to Fang Yuan, not just in terms of bloodline. He was an arrangement of heaven’s will, both of their lucks were connected in some way. For example, after Fang Yuan obtained Cooking Luck Pot, Fang Zheng’s luck turned into a pot lid, it showed that he was a counter to Fang Yuan.


 The connection of blood-kin heart revenge was much more complex than Fang Yuan thought.


 The first aspect was bloodline connection, the second was the mental connection, and the third was their luck’s connection.


 Using the resonance of their luck, the blood markings were able to corrode Fang Yuan’s luck.


 This was a huge problem for Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan changed his target now, trying to destroy Demon Judgment Board and kill Fang Zheng directly. But whenever he made this choice, Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi would interfere, they would thwart his plan each time at the perfect timing.


 Even if Fang Yuan’s attacks landed, it would only cause Demon Judgment Board to shake and crack. Afterwards, the Gu Immortals inside would repair it fully.


 Demon Judgment Board was different from most of Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses, it was comprehensive in defense, movement, recovery, and others, it had no clear weaknesses.


 "If I had the all living beings luck inheritance, no, as long as I had heart blood Immortal Gu... even if I cannot unravel this move, it will alleviate my situation." Fang Yuan had a sensation back then, it was a pity that he could not obtain heart blood Immortal Gu during the qi sea banquet, that was truly a huge pity, to think that it would take effect here.


 In the previous life, Fang Yuan lost the five regional limit formation, it was a huge pity. In this life, it was heart blood Immortal Gu.


 Even though Fang Yuan had Spring Autumn Cicada and had the advantage of rebirth, when he changed things, the influence would spread out, his enemies and the entire world would generate new changes that would target him once again.


 It was like someone shouting at a valley, no matter how he adjusted his voice or tone, the echo would also come back to find him.


 At the qi sea banquet, Fang Yuan already felt something. But it was a pity that all sorts of undercurrents and circumstances forced Fang Yuan to let go of this opportunity.


 From this aspect, one could see Spring Autumn Cicada’s weakness.


 The rebirth provided by Spring Autumn Cicada was merely a second chance. Afterwards, especially later into the future, the situation would still depend on the user’s own actions.


 If one kept relying on the advantage of rebirth, they might gain a lot during the initial stage, but they would be like overconfident swimmers in the sea, eventually drowning themselves.


 Thus, even after being reborn for countless times, Red Lotus Demon Venerable only managed to damage fate Gu.


 This way, with Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi as the main force, with Fang Zheng and Qin Ding Ling as the supplementary force using Demon Judgment Board, they attacked Fang Yuan together, finally resisting this demon’s great might.


 "Fang Yuan is trapped!" Within Calamity Luck Altar, Bull Demon spoke, he had kept a lot of attention on Fang Yuan.


 Of course, he was not the only one, all of the other Gu Immortals did too, after all, Fang Yuan’s victory or defeat would influence this entire battle.


 Flower Lady hesitated: "Should we help him?"


 The two look at Bing Sai Chuan. They knew that he was still concealing a trump card, they could ask Limitless to turn around.


 In the previous life, Bing Sai Chuan used this trump card to temporarily trap Duke Long.


 Furthermore, in this situation, as long as Duke Long was trapped, Fang Yuan would not have any restraints, he could break the stalemate.


 But Bing Sai Chuan shook his head, his gaze was heated: "Let them fight, this is our best chance, let us take fate Gu and return to Longevity Heaven, we will refine rank nine destiny Gu!"


 His original goal was this, with rank nine destiny Gu, Longevity Heaven would replace Heavenly Court’s position, they would rule the five regions.


 Earlier, Bing Sai Chuan was trapped in a predicament, he had to give up on this thought and ask Fang Yuan for help. Now that Fang Yuan has taken action and changed the situation, Bing Sai Chuan’s situation turned for the better.


 Be grateful to Fang Yuan and help him?


 Bing Sai Chuan laughed coldly in his heart. Their grand ambitions were about to be fulfilled, after years of waiting and expectation’, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s goal of domination was close! How could he give up?!


 As long as there was hope, he had to try, he could not give up!


 At this moment, even though the refinement path formation was not destroyed, a path was already opened.


 "Go! For Longevity Heaven, for Northern Plains, for Lord Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, go and retrieve Fate!" Bing Sai Chuan screamed in a loud voice.


 The phantom images in the River of Time stirred, the historical experts of Northern Plains roared and echoed Bing Sai Chuan’s words.


 Mao Li Qiu had entered battle long ago, using the killer move perfect pair to fight Shabi Ninety-five and Ruan Dan.


 Bull Demon and Flower Lady also flew out of Calamity Luck Altar, engaging in their attack. Many Northern Plains Gu Immortals were with them, they had a much larger force than in the previous life.


 "No!" Yuan Qiong Du’s eyes were red, he shouted for reinforcements but nobody came to help.


 Yuan Qiong Du was inside the refinement path formation, he could not leave. At this moment, he was in grave danger himself.


 Rank nine Fate was about to be repaired but if it was snatched away, their efforts would have been in vain.


 Seeing this situation, Duke Long became anxious, he called out: "Fang Yuan, to think that they are also making use of you."


 Fang Yuan casted his gaze at Heaven Overseeing Tower, with just this action, Bing Sai Chuan held his breath.


 If Fang Yuan turned around now and attacked Longevity Heaven, what would they do?


 Bing Sai Chuan had made this decision after shouldering huge pressure.


 The truth was, Fang Yuan had been paying attention to Heaven Overseeing Tower’s situation. When he saw that Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals were going to Heaven Overseeing Tower, he became happy: Somebody was finally going to step on the land mine for him.


 "Duke Long, you should be more concerned with yourself. I will kill you first before dealing with Longevity Heaven!" Fang Yuan shouted.


 Duke Long was silent, his attacks went beyond his original limit yet again, becoming even stronger.


 "Fate Gu!" Bull Demon and Flower Lady shouted, they charged up to the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower, seeing fate Gu.


 But at the next moment, Genesis Lotus’ method activated.


 "Ahhh!"


 "What is this?!"


 "Painting path, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s method!"


 Like what Fang Yuan had expected, these Northern Plains Gu Immortals were all stuck inside the bamboo forest painting now.


 This change was so unexpected that all the other immortals were stunned. Within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan was dumbstruck.


 Yuan Qiong Du, Cong Yan, and Che Wei gained some time to recover, they quickly rested.


 Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth, phantoms moved in the River of Time but no Gu Immortals appeared, Mao Li Qiu was the closest to it but it was fighting against two legendary immemorial beasts, it could not leave.


 In this situation, only Bing Sai Chuan could go himself.


 At this moment, Qi Ci Lang woke up slowly.


 "What are you hesitating for? Use Calamity Luck Altar to crash into Heaven Overseeing Tower!" Qi Ci Lang said.


 When he was unconsciously, he still collected information about the outside world, once he woke up, he received the information.


 Fate Gu was inside Heaven Overseeing Tower, it was the core component.


 Fate Gu could only be destroyed by otherworldly demons, if Heaven Overseeing Tower was destroyed, the other core Immortal Gu might be destroyed but fate Gu would be intact.


 But Heaven Overseeing Tower was a genuine rank nine Immortal Gu House, it had great defense. If Heaven Overseeing Tower attacked it, they would lose precious time. This was why Bing Sai Chuan sent Gu Immortals to invade Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Bing Sai Chuan could not decide.


 He looked at the phantom River of Time again, some time had passed but no Gu Immortals came out. There were still many experts in Northern Plains’ history, like those forming Seven Extreme Desolation, they did not show up despite Bing Sai Chuan’s expectations.


 Bing Sai Chuan’s expression was uncertain, even though he did not know the previous life’s situation, he sensed something amiss!


 He was a time path great expert after all.


 Being appointed by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable as the West Desolation Immortal, having slumbered for three hundred thousand years due to Giant Sun’s request, he was the crucial leader that was designated to achieve Longevity Heaven’s grand ambitions!


 "This call of the ancient killer move is quite fishy, I cannot rely on it solely. Red Lotus Demon Venerable was once a righteous path member after all, nobody knows what his true objectives are."


 Thinking of this, Bing Sai Chuan said to Qi Ci Lang: "Seventh Prince, please take action."


 Qi Ci Lang spat out: "Are you a luck path cultivator? I am! I am more suited than you to control Calamity Luck Altar. How much of this Immortal Gu House’s power can you use? The urgent matter at hand is to... Bing Sai Chuan, fuck your ancestor!"


 Qi Ci Lang had just said his words when suddenly, Bing Sai Chuan teleported him out, he could not help but curse.


 Calamity Luck Altar’s control was in Bing Sai Chuan’s hands. Qi Ci Lang was able to control it earlier because Bing Sai Chuan gave him a portion of the authority.


 "Seventh Prince, please attack quickly." Bing Sai Chuan spoke politely but Calamity Luck Altar was ready to attack.


 Qi Ci Lang suspected that if he refused to act, Calamity Luck Altar would attack him first.


 "Bing Sai Chuan, very good!" Qi Ci Lang gritted his teeth in deep anger.


 Bing Sai Chuan was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s old general, his status and seniority gave him the assurance to deal with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s own son like this.


 "Just you wait. If not for father’s ambitions..." Qi Ci Lang was furious and helpless, he charged into Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Yuan Qiong Du and the rest were helpless to stop him.


 Since when could enemies enter and leave Heaven Overseeing Tower at will?


 Yuan Qiong Du and the other two felt sadness in their hearts, they could only bank on Genesis Lotus’ arrangements activating again.


 Qi Ci Lang carefully stepped onto the top of Heaven Overseeing Tower, he was immediately attacked by a jade light.


 He received a shock, looking at Genesis Lotus’ painting on the walls, he tried his best to maintain his position but he could not resist it.


 Right as he was about to be dragged into the painting, Bing Sai Chuan shouted: "Limitless, please turn around!"


 In Imperfection Regret Pavilion, similar to the previous life, Limitless Demon Venerable did not turn around, he only tossed out one chess piece.


 The chess piece flew into Heaven Overseeing Tower and floated above Qi Ci Lang’s head.


 Qi Ci Lang’s body immediately regained freedom as the jade light got blocked by this small chess piece, only a faint amount of jade light remained around him.


 Qi Ci Lang was overjoyed, as long as he got rid of the jade light, he would be able to move freely and snatch fate Gu!



***
Chapter 1941 Contented Lifestyle


***





 



 Emperor City battlefield.


 Rumble, dust clouds spread.


 The earth cracked open, a large trench spread out and extended forward, swallowing everything in its path, approaching Emperor City.


 Emperor City’s destruction was about to occur!


 At this moment, there were still several Central Continent Gu Immortals guarding Emperor City, but to save the lives of everyone in such a short time, none of the Gu Immortals could do it.


 Earth Trenches were formed naturally, nobody could predict where the next Earth Trench would appear. But only Fang Yuan knew.


 Because this Earth Trench appeared in his previous life and destroyed Emperor City.


 Both Central Continent’s and Western Desert’s forces were caught off guard, the Earth Trench was truly a huge shock to them!


 But Western Desert was shocked and happy while Central Continent was shocked and fearful.


 Right when Emperor City was about to be destroyed, an Immortal Gu House emerged and turned into jade light as it flew into the sky rapidly.


 It was Divine Bean Palace!


 "Stop him!" Central Continent’s Gu Immortals subconsciously shouted.


 "What is Fang Di Chang doing?" Thousand Transformations Ancestor and the rest were quite surprised, Divine Bean Palace’s action was not what they had planned.


 Fang Di Chang was shocked at the moment, not only could he not connect to the outside world, his entire body was immobilized.


 Divine Bean Palace shook intensely, a formless force was restraining him completely.


 On the painting that surrounded the walls, a lump of will emerged.


 The will quickly gathered into human form, he had the appearance of a young man with a gentlemanly air, wearing green clothes and a white headband, his long hair extended to his shoulders.


 Seeing this will, Fang Di Chang’s expression turned ashen, he shouted: "Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable!"


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable... the venerable with the most abundant immortal essence in history, the third generation Immortal King of Heavenly Court, the creator of Heavenly Lotus Sect, he was the one who cleansed the demonic trend, he restored order to the world.


 Indeed, this was Genesis Lotus’ will!


 "Damn it, he was hiding in the painting so I could not discover him?" Fang Di Chang understood at once, he had no understanding of painting path after all.


 "But why did I lose control of Divine Bean Palace the moment Genesis Lotus’ will appeared, I am restrained here without any freedom left?" Instantly, Fang Di Chang thought of Qing Chou.


 His heart turned cold, he had once thought he completely refined Divine Bean Palace but the cruel truth was exposed here, Divine Bean Palace still continued secrets, its owner was still Genesis Lotus’ will all along.


 This method was a secret to both the real Fang Di Chang and Fang Yuan’s clone, they were unaware of it.


 How could a venerable’s Immortal Gu House be taken so easily?


 Boom, Divine Bean Palace landed on the ground, right in the center of Emperor City as if it was overseeing the situation.


 An endless amount of green light spread out from Divine Bean Palace, the light was as warm as water, it was not glaring at all, radiating half the sky.


 The whole of Emperor City was covered in green light. Within the light, paintings in all the corners of Emperor City started to surface and show themselves.


 These were all paintings of the lives of people, they portrayed the scene of Emperor City at certain points in time.


 There were marketplaces, crowded with people, vendors vied for attention while selling a wide variety of goods.


 There were the silhouettes of courtyards of several houses, and on the tall trees in the courtyard, a few birds’ nests had young chicks waiting to fly. Under the trees, there was a group of children playing and chasing each other, full of hope for the future.


 There was a group going towards the bride’s house, they traveled from the north with the groom riding on a large horse, behind him was a mortal Gu House carriage[1]. This kind of mortal Gu House was usually only used during marriage ceremonies in Central Continent, and the surface of the carriage was decorated with colorful blooming flowers. Behind the carriage was a group of servants carrying the bride’s generous dowry.


 There was a teahouse, the street in front of the entrance was crowded with pedestrians, and the upper level of the teahouse was filled with guests who were eating breakfast while looking through the windows, watching the street. The banners of the teahouse, used to attract customers, fluttered along with the slight morning breeze.


 There was also a painting depicting dusk. At the corner of the street near the city gate, there was a stall where a blind old Gu Master, who perhaps owned a wisdom path Gu worm, was acting as a fortune teller, predicting the future prospects of a female customer.


 ...


 Be it dusk or dawn, the city gates or the vibrant markets, the contented lifestyles of the people in Emperor City could be clearly seen in these respective paintings.


 Undeniably, this was a painting path method filled with the profundities of human path.


 Immortal killer move — Contented Lifestyle!


 "Emperor City actually has such a hidden method from Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable?"


 "Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had once lived in Emperor City as a mortal for some time... Don’t tell me that these rumors were actually true?"


 "Painting path is truly profound!"


 Central Continent’s Gu Immortals were joyful.


 Western Desert’s side felt that the situation was turning bad.


 Divine Bean Palace was connected with Emperor City and formed a gigantic Immortal Gu House. The central area was Divine Bean Palace, while the periphery was the former Emperor City.


 As the Earth Trench approached, the monstrous mouth opened, attempting to engulf Emperor City.


 But Emperor City had transformed already, it floated in the sky without moving at all.


 The countless people in the city cheered loudly.


 They jumped in joy as they cheered and shouted, they had escaped a certain death situation!


 A group of people were sobbing with joy, they knelt down on the ground and started to kowtow to the paintings.


 Suddenly, many new paintings appeared all over the place, the content of the paintings were the scenes of these kowtowing people.


 This killer move, contented lifestyle, was able to draw power from mortals to strengthen itself.


 As the power of the paintings accumulated unceasingly, it was transmitted into Divine Bean Palace.


 Genesis Lotus’ will controlled this power, he had a form grasp of Divine Bean Palace, he looked towards Fang Di Chang with a seemingly smiling face: "Fang Yuan, I have to thank you for bringing Divine Bean Palace here, you prevented a catastrophe for the mortals."


 This was Genesis Lotus’s arrangement when he was alive! In the previous life, Divine Bean Palace was not brought here by Fang clan, thus Emperor City was destroyed. In this life, using Fang Yuan’s clone as the tool, Divine Bean Palace appeared to save the mortals.


 As his feeling of danger increased, Fang Di Chang struggled intensely.


 But a profound power restrained him and directly sent him into the painting of Divine Bean Palace.


 Fang Di Chang’s vision changed, when he took a second look, he was already inside the painting.


 The scene was quite familiar to him, he saw a grey-white land with deep pits in it, he had planted the immortal beans here back then.


 Right now, most of the beans were used up in the fight, there were only some sprouts left here, slowly growing.


 Fang Di Chang found that he could move again but it was useless, no matter how he tried, he could not escape from this painting.


 "I am sealed within the painting!" Fang Di Chang thought about Flower Lady in his previous life, she had been suppressed in the painting that was in Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Fang Di Chang tried to connect to his main body but he found that he could not communicate with the outside world. He could not even sense treasure yellow heaven, all of his communicative methods were ineffective.


 "Calm down, calm down, I still have my final hope!" Fang Di Chang pondered for a moment before activating the killer move karma divine tree.


 Thankfully, this move had been modified already, once he activated it, Genesis Lotus’ will, which was outside the painting, had a change of expression.


 This method was truly the only way to resist, even Genesis Lotus’ will could not stop him.


 At this time, in Emperor City, the final competition of the Central Continent Refinement Path Convention was undergoing.


 This great competition was finally at its last moment, the victor was about to be decided.


 "I succeeded."


 "Success!"


 Hong Yi and Ye Fan spoke at the same time, they refined the Gu refinement at the same time.


 To decide the victor, a time path Gu Master would need to inspect the specific timing of their completion.


 But at this moment, jade light shined, the two were enveloped by it, dragged by it and flying far away.


 This jade light was extremely fast, it brought Hong Yi and Ye Fan into Divine Bean Palace almost instantly.


 Genesis Lotus’ will in Divine Bean Palace gritted his teeth, seeing this, the two people brought by the jade light were extremely close to Fang Yuan, they were either his pawns or his capable subordinates!


 Genesis Lotus’ will quickly activated Divine Bean Palace, the light that carried Ye Fan and Hong Yi took a twist as it landed in a painting of Emperor City, both of them were sealed as well.


 "What is going on?"


 "Who won?"


 Hong Yi and Ye Fan looked at each other with a dumbfounded expression, they were currently inside a painting created by the killer move contented lifestyle, all they saw was a peaceful and serene environment in front of them.


 This made them feel extremely confused.


 "Where in the world are we?"


 "Aren’t there Gu Immortals fighting outside Emperor City? Why can’t we hear anything?"


 "Am I dreaming?"


 Hong Yi gave himself a hard pinch, he gritted his teeth as he felt a sharp pain!


 [1] We call it a Chinese Sedan, otherwise known as Litter(Vehicle), google for image.



***
Chapter 1942 Destiny Song


***





 



 Hairy Foot Mountain battlefield.


 Only a small portion of the five colored smoke remained, Di Zang Sheng roared as it used its mighty strength to tear the formation. Its mountain range-sized body was still charging forward.


 "Stop it!"


 "Another sub-formation has been broken!"


 "How many sub-formations do we still have?"


 "Only one is left!"


 "Quickly construct the sub-formations!"


 "We can’t, its destructive force is too great, we won’t make it in time!"


 The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was in chaos. Many Central Continent Gu Immortals were stationed here but got restricted by the five colored smoke, be it controlling the formation or constructing sub-formations, they had to face backlashes. The more powerful the person and the more strength they used, the stronger the backlash would be.


 Di Zang Sheng was extremely powerful, it could break the sub-formations so quickly with just its physical strength!


 And it was constantly becoming stronger.


 The five regions’ regional walls grew increasingly fragile, the earth veins of the five regions were gradually merging into one, the Earth Trench that spread to Emperor City was huge evidence. Earth Trenches had already spread to the central region of Central Continent, this meant that the merging of earth veins had reached the highest point.


 Be it the other four regions or Central Continent, the rapid spread of new Earth Trenches led to countless tragedies and deaths, human emotions were surging.


 Di Zang Sheng was different from other legendary immemorial beasts, it was born from the power of earth veins fused with the negative emotions of humans.


 Right now, Central Continent’s earth vein expanded to become the five regions’ earth vein, Di Zang Sheng’s strength rose to five times of before. Negative emotions were also increasing wildly in the humans of all regions, Di Zang Sheng’s strength was further soaring because of this!


 Duke Long was growing stronger continuously because of heavenly dragon’s last stand.


 And Di Zang Sheng’s strength was growing at an even more horrifying speed than Duke Long’s. As such, even though Heavenly Court’s main force was here, using all their abilities and staking their lives, they were unable to stop Di Zang Sheng’s charge.


 Heavenly Court’s main force was furious.


 "We can’t let it move forward."


 "We must stop it even if we die!"


 "Damned Evil Dragon."


 "Get out of my way, let me stop it!" Zhang Fei Xiong suddenly roared, becoming a giant with a bear head and human body. He attacked with no fear of death.


 Bam.


 A muffled sound echoed, he was directly crushed into meat paste, dying on the spot.


 This rank eight transformation path great expert could only obstruct Di Zang Sheng for a brief moment.


 "Zhang Fei Xiong..." The eyes of Heavenly Court’s immortals were filled with tears.


 At the crucial moment, the Heavenly Court members showed no hesitation towards sacrificing themselves!


 "Let me." At the next moment, Flesh Whip Immortal went forward. She transformed into an immemorial walking meat tree, which was her strongest form.


 Bam.


 Another muffled sound echoed, Flesh Whip Immortal was smashed to pieces, her blood splashing everywhere.


 "Flesh Whip Immortal!" The group of immortals cried out.


 When she was needed, she charged ahead without any regard for herself. A grand rank eight, a genius of her generation, could only stall it for a breath of time.


 Even the Southern Border immortals were visibly moved.


 What was urging them to do so?


 Seemingly... Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had all been like this since ancient times.


 Their spirit had never waned, it had instead been fostered and enhanced.


 Heavenly Court had never lacked brave members!


 Primordial Origin might have passed away, but his spirit did not!


 "Unfortunately, your efforts are futile." At Wu Shuai’s will, countless clones flew out of Dragon Palace.


 They were Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies!


 These dream path clones turned into a huge vanguard army and flew in front of Di Zang Sheng, attacking the final sub-formation.


 "Watch this!" Under the immortals’ expectant gaze, Feng Jin Huang stood up, her youthful face was filled with seriousness and solemness.


 She borrowed the immortal formation’s strength to activate immortal killer move shatter dream.


 Bam bam bam...


 Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies exploded directly, becoming lumps of dream realms on the spot that rotated and moved slowly.


 Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!


 Feng Jin Huang activated another method.


 These restored dream realms transformed back to human form again, but this time, they belonged to Feng Jin Huang.


 With Feng Jin Huang here, dream path was no longer Heavenly Court’s weakness.


 "What about this then!" Before Heavenly Court’s force could relax, a large formation was sent out from Dragon Palace at this crucial moment.


 Five regional limit formation!


 Five colored smoke spouted once again and rapidly spread to cover the whole area.


 Heavenly Court’s main force had bloodshot eyes as Zhu Que Er shouted hoarsely: "Destroy it!"


 Vortex Space Boy and Jun Shen Guang had already moved towards the formation.


 "Too late." Zhan Bu Du exclaimed with joy from inside the formation.


 He did not let down everyone’s expectations, at this crucial moment, he finished repairing the whole formation and joined the battle again!


 Five colored smoke expanded and covered the sub-formation.


 Puff puff puff.


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals were still setting up the formation, they were caught unprepared and coughed blood repeatedly, most fainted on the spot while some even died from the backlash!


 By now, they were all exhausted and the five regional limit formation became their death warrant.


 As for the Gu Immortals controlling the main formation, they were forced to ease their strength while resisting the injuries from the backlash.


 Roar—!


 Di Zang Sheng took the chance to attack, it directly smashed into the final sub-formation. The nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation was finally broken at this moment!


 The formation collapsed, the obstruction disappeared, Hairy Foot Mountain that had been hidden by the formation got exposed.


 This mountain was small and inconspicuous, it was as ordinary as could be but it held Infallible blessed land.


 The Gu Immortals who had been controlling the main formation were lying on Hairy Foot Mountain.


 The formation’s destruction inflicted serious injuries on these Gu Immortals again, almost none of them were in a clear-headed state.


 Most of the Gu Immortals had already lost their lives, while a small portion were in a dazed state. Feng Jin Huang, who had been protected tightly, also had a pale face, she fell down to the ground in exhaustion and did not have any strength to escape.


 At this moment, she could only look on as Di Zang Sheng came charging, she could do nothing but wait for death.


 A strong sense of death suffocated Feng Jin Huang.


 "Am I going to die?" At this moment, this young female Gu Master felt a sense of loss.


 "Protect Feng Jin Huang!"


 "Save her."


 "No need to care about Infallible blessed land, the final batch of success dao marks have already been sent to Heavenly Court."


 Heavenly Court’s main force staked all their energy to rescue Feng Jin Huang.


 "Wishful thinking!" The Southern Border Gu Immortals laughed wildly as they used their strength to hold back these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals as much as possible.


 Wu Yong’s unlimited wind blew while making heavy sounds. This giant tornado stalled a large number of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 Jun Shen Guang and Vortex Space Boy charged to the front again. One cultivated light path, another space path, their activation speed of killer moves was fastest.


 Immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!


 Dragon Palace withstood all sorts of explosions and forcibly attacked Jun Shen Guang and Vortex Space Boy.


 Jun Shen Guang and Vortex Space Boy finally could not dodge, they were carried away by dreamy light smoke the moment they were struck.


 After capturing these two, Dragon Palace had reached its limits and could not capture any more people unless these two were killed.


 "Destroy Hairy Foot Mountain and Infallible blessed land!" Wu Yong shouted as he took the lead to charge in front. He was not on Heavenly Court’s side and naturally was unaware that Heavenly Court had already completed the task. Even if he were to destroy Infallible blessed land now, it did not have any influence on the big picture.


 "Don’t even think about it!" A lump of fire obstructed Wu Yong, from which Prince Feng Xian flew out.


 "By you alone?!" Wu Yong’s eyes shined with sharp killing intent, he suddenly disappeared and when he appeared, he was already behind Prince Feng Xian.


 Immortal killer move — Farewell Friend Wind!


 "We became friends at first sight, yet you have to go now. This is farewell, my good friend, let me send you off." Wu Yong smiled lightly.


 Hearing these words, even Prince Feng Xian, a person who infiltrated and went undercover in Northern Plains for many years, turned pale with fright.


 Next, Prince Feng Xian lost control over his body and slowly floated towards the front.


 While floating, his hair, clothes, and limbs started to disintegrate.


 "Damn it! Farewell friend wind is actually in Wu Yong’s hand!" Prince Feng Xian shouted inwardly but was unable to articulate his words.


 He could not move at all, none of his methods could be used.


 With the final obstruction gone, Wu Yong charged down towards Hairy Foot Mountain like an eagle hunting its prey.


 The remaining Heavenly Court members wanted to reinforce but were held back by others.


 Wu Yong revealed awe-inspiring might, before he had even truly descended, the wind pressure from him was already as heavy as a mountain, Feng Jin Huang could not even budge from this pressure and slowly closed her eyes in despair.


 But the pain that she anticipated did not manifest.


 Feng Jin Huang slowly opened her eyes in doubt and saw a figure blocking Wu Yong in front of her like an impenetrable fortress.


 The moment she saw this extremely familiar figure, she cried out in joy: "Father!"


 The rank eight Gu Immortal who appeared at the crucial moment was none other than Feng Jiu Ge.


 He wore a red and white robe, standing straight like a spear or sword.


 Hearing Feng Jin Huang’s cry, Feng Jiu Ge turned sideways and looked at Feng Jin Huang. His eyes under his sharp brows revealed warmth and concern as well as confidence.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not say anything and only nodded at Feng Jin Huang before facing Wu Yong.


 But just that nod made Feng Jin Huang feel immense security and let her relax completely. This groundless comfort was completely baffling and had no basis, but Feng Jin Huang believed in it, this was her father Feng Jiu Ge.


 Wu Yong’s eyes emitted dangerous light.


 "Feng Jiu Ge," Wu Yong mumbled this name as he exposed his killing intent: "You stopped me from chasing Fang Yuan before, I will settle the score with you properly now."


 He then prepared his killer move, trying to use farewell friend wind again.


 Feng Jiu Ge did not dodge or evade, he remained floating in the air as he slowly sang with a smile on his face.


 His voice was illusory and deep, it was filled with conflict and was very unique.


 Wu Yong was unconsciously influenced by the song, his attack paused.


 Initially, the song was like a small stream of water in the mountains, flowing slowly. Gradually, the stream turned into flowing lava that expanded the river’s width, in the range of mountains, like a wandering dragon.


 "Damn it, what song is this?" Wu Yong’s expression changed intensely, he began to struggle with difficulty, he had been the first to be struck by the move because he was the nearest.


 The song made Wu Yong feel unwell, it made him feel like he had returned to when he was young, he was always shrouded under his mother Wu Du Xiu’s shadow and had received her strict teaching and restrictions. During that time, he could only receive her lessons obediently.


 At the next moment, Wu Yong’s eyes opened even wider.


 The farewell friend wind killer move he had used earlier on Prince Feng Xian had actually stopped.


 "What song is this? It can actually break farewell friend wind?" Wu Yong was shaken.


 Prince Feng Xian felt a different sensation.


 He felt like he had returned to the past when he had disguised his identity and finally cultivated to rank eight in Northern Plains. He had a grotto-heaven and finally had a feeling of joy, no longer having to endure the overbearing attitude of Northern Plains’ super force Gong tribe.


 Under the effect of destiny song, the Southern Border immortals were weakened and dispirited, on the contrary, Heavenly Court’s side felt free and elated, their condition picked up and their injuries recovered.


 Destiny song’s ability was extremely comprehensive, what was even more amazing was that it could distinguish between allies and enemies. This was something that the previous life’s destiny song could never compare to.


 Even Wu Shuai and the rest were constrained by the song, only Di Zang Sheng roared and forcibly endured the song, still continuing to charge forward!


 Feng Jiu Ge concentrated on Di Zang Sheng. Di Zang Sheng’s body was so huge that it almost covered the sky and earth, just its dragon head was as big as a mountain. Feng Jiu Ge, in comparison, was as minuscule as an ant.


 But at the next moment, the effects of the song concentrated and focused on Di Zang Sheng.


 Di Zang Sheng felt like it had returned to the time when it was suppressed in Hidden Dragon Cave; it was in a dark cage, unable to regain freedom even though it had a thousand desires and endless strength.


 Helplessness.


 Di Zang Sheng started to slow down.


 It wanted to roar and cry out, but it ended up letting out whimpers.


 The immortals were shocked.


 This scene was too shocking.


 Feng Jiu Ge defeated Di Zang Sheng in one move!


 This was the strongest legendary immemorial desolate beast of this age!! In the previous life, it could fight Duke Long who was at his final moments of life, if he had not captured Dragon Palace, it would have been impossible for him to handle Di Zang Sheng so easily.


 "This is my personal creation, destiny song. It has just been completed, please feel free to critique it." Feng Jiu Ge continued to sing while transmitting his voice.


 "Destiny song!!" The immortals, be they enemies or allies, engraved the name of this killer move deep in their hearts.


 The moment this move appeared, it became famous.


 From today onwards, everyone in the world would know of it!


 Destiny was constantly moving, it had ups and downs. Who would not have low points in their life? Even Fang Yuan, even the venerables had times when they were at their lowest points. Destiny song could bring out the lows and highs of the destiny of all living beings.


 At times, even heaven and earth will help you, at times, even heroes cannot emerge unscathed!


 Feng Jiu Ge’s ninth song, sound path rank eight immortal killer move — Destiny Song!


 "This is troublesome." Wu Shuai’s expression was extremely heavy.


 "He actually created the complete destiny song. As expected of Feng Jiu Ge." Zhan Bu Du sighed heavily.


 This battle situation was transmitted to Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei was naturally overjoyed.


 Feng Jiu Ge had been in a state of comprehension, he took the initiative and requested to explore the River of Time. Qin Ding Ling inspected his luck and saw his fortuitous encounter, so she fully supported it. Fairy Zi Wei had thus secretly arranged a time path Immortal Gu House to send Feng Jiu Ge to the River of Time quietly.


 Fairy Zi Wei believed Qin Ding Ling’s words and she also saw Feng Jiu Ge’s potential, but she had never imagined Feng Jiu Ge would actually give her such a huge surprise!


 Rank eight immortal killer move destiny song, just this move alone raised Feng Jiu Ge’s strength to the peak, he became one of the strongest people in the world.


 Heavenly Court wanted to restore rank nine fate Gu and seize fortune rivalling heaven Gu to try to refine rank ten destiny Gu. Longevity Heaven also had the same plan, but their target was set lower, they wanted to use the damaged fate Gu to refine rank nine destiny Gu.


 But both sides had not expected that ahead of them, a Gu Immortal actually created the initial draft of the Immortal Gu recipe of destiny Gu!


 Immortal killer moves could be condensed into Immortal Gu recipes.


 The best example was Fang Yuan’s myriad self Immortal Gu, the refined myriad self Immortal Gu recipe had been derived from the killer move myriad self.


 It was no exaggeration to say that this move alone allowed Feng Jiu Ge’s name to be written down in history.


 Worthy of a Dao Guardian!


 Such overwhelming talent, even Fairy Zi Wei felt stunned and dazzled, she admitted her inferiority.


 "Father, you are amazing!" Feng Jin Huang stared at Feng Jiu Ge’s back with her eyes wide open, feelings of idolization and love almost overflowed.


 The girl’s heart was filled with pride and joy at this moment.


 "Yes, my father has never disappointed me."


 At this moment, Feng Jin Huang was filled with bliss as she cheered inwardly: "Father, you are most amazing, your broad shoulders will forever be my most reliable support!"



***
Chapter 1943 Fang Yuans Strongest Offense!


***





 



 Heavenly Court’s battlefield.


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Roaring Wave.


 Immortal killer move — Body Flicker.


 Duke Long’s figure suddenly appeared on the right of Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Too close!


 Almost at the same time, the daybreak swords that were floating around Myriad Year Flying Warship swarmed in and submerged Duke Long.


 Countless dragon shaped tattoos floated around Duke Long’s body, blocking the powerful sword attacks.


 This was Duke Long’s main defensive killer move — Nine Dragons Protection.


 Nine was just a general number implying countless tattoos. This was a rare passive defensive method and usually stayed hidden on Duke Long’s skin, but when there was an attack, it activated automatically and did not need Duke Long’s wills or thoughts to be maintained.


 Duke Long forcibly withstood the daybreak swords’ attacks with this move, then clenched his hands into fists.


 Immortal killer move — World Shaking Dragon Hammer!


 Boom!


 The dragon hammer’s strike directly sent Myriad Year Flying Warship flying.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was sent flying, but it stopped suddenly. The surrounding space crumbled like countless pieces of glass. These glass pieces were extremely sharp and as long as they touched Myriad Year Flying Warship, they would leave behind deep marks, killing many Gu worms. Fang Yuan, who was standing on the deck, also got a cut on his cheek.


 This was Cang Xuan Zi’s ability, she used space path killer moves to set up countless traps everywhere in the battlefield, they had extremely high power!


 But this scene only flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind, it had not happened yet.


 This was time path killer move — Three Breaths Future Vision!


 Three breaths future vision was an investigative killer move that came from Hei Fan’s true inheritance, it allowed the Gu Immortal to see three breaths into the future related to them.


 Due to Fang Yuan’s dao mark amplification, its power had increased by fifteen hundred times and thus could show its effect even when battling an expert at the level of Duke Long. However, this move was essentially only rank seven, so it did not show effect every time, it succeeded sometimes but failed at other times as well.


 At the next moment.


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Roaring Wave.


 Immortal killer move — Body Flicker.


 Duke Long’s figure suddenly appeared on the right of Myriad Year Flying Warship, just like the scene displayed by three breaths future vision.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly and controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship to move far away, brushing past the countless space path traps.


 "What a pity!" Cang Xuan Zi sighed deeply in her heart, just a little and Fang Yuan would have triggered the space path traps.


 She was floating in the air without any obvious movement, but she was secretly and quietly forming and laying space path traps.


 After fighting Fang Yuan for a long time, the battle experiences that had remained deep within her memories were coming to life and her methods became more experienced.


 After Cang Xuan Zi and Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable made a secret agreement three hundred thousand years ago, she had moved to Heavenly Court and lived a peaceful life, never having to fight again. But before this, Cang Xuan Zi’s name and the legendary immemorial beast’s position were personally established by her!


 Fang Yuan controlled Myriad Year Flying Warship and dodged while observing Cang Xuan Zi.


 Although Cang Xuan Zi’s battle strength was recovering, her combat style was obvious. She retained the habits of fighting as an immemorial desolate plant; her battle style leaned towards staying at one spot and attacking with long ranged attacks, using space path methods to create distance from her enemies before laying space path traps.


 Her nature could be seen from her combat style, she liked to fish patiently, this also meant she was not aggressive and would not take risks.


 Although many of Cang Xuan Zi’s methods were still mysterious, Fang Yuan had already begun to understand the details of Cang Xuan Zi. On the contrary, Duke Long was still unfathomable and not easy to comprehend.


 Fang Yuan fought Duke Long in the previous life and he also knew Duke Long’s methods for the most part, but Duke Long’s combat style was ever-changing, he defended at times while becoming aggressive at other times. He suddenly attacked and evaded at times, making others unable to see a clear pattern.


 This combat attainment was not just due to Duke Long’s battle experience but also his innate talent!


 As far as Fang Yuan was concerned, defeating Cang Xuan Zi might be difficult but he had a high chance. But he was still unable to see even the slightest chance of defeating Duke Long till now.


 "Unless I can break Duke Long’s defensive killer move!" Fang Yuan analyzed inwardly.


 Duke Long’s main defensive killer move was nine dragons protection. Fang Yuan was collecting information during the battle and breaking it down.


 But his gains were minimal.


 It was extremely difficult to break a strong enemy’s killer move during a battle.


 Compared to nine dragons protection, Fang Yuan wanted to break heavenly dragon’s last stand much more. But this killer move left no trace, Fang Yuan did not even have a way to gather its information.


 Based on his original expectation, Steal Life was the best method to deal with Duke Long, but it showed no effect even after hitting...


 "Wait, I seem to have neglected something?" Suddenly, a light of inspiration flashed past Fang Yuan’s mind.


 But when he wanted to explore this inspiration, it was interrupted by an attack.


 Fang Yuan did not even have to look to know that this was an attack from Demon Judgment Board.


 This rank eight Immortal Gu House was truly an annoyance!


 It did not have any weakness, its speed was so fast that it did not lose to Myriad Year Flying Warship and had extremely powerful defense. If it was one versus one, Demon Judgment Board could never be Fang Yuan’s match, but it would definitely consume some time.


 Theft path methods were the best way to deal with this Immortal Gu House, but it was not easy to use them in front of Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi.


 Fang Yuan had currently transformed into the immemorial year monkey which coordinated well with Myriad Year Flying Warship. If he transformed his dao marks to theft path, his battle strength would fall greatly, giving Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi an opportunity instead.


 What made Fang Yuan even more wary was that even if he were to transform into a theft path immemorial desolate beast and used great thief ghost hand, his attack might not hit Demon Judgment Board. Even if it hit, it might not be able to steal Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan’s luck path superiority was already dealt for most part by Qin Ding Ling, Demon Judgment Board moreover had Gu Yue Fang Zheng who restrained Fang Yuan in terms of luck.


 So, theft path methods were not the correct methods to change the situation.


 "Fang Yuan..." At this time, Fang Zheng who was in charge of Demon Judgment Board had a complicated mood.


 Could Fang Yuan be considered his own brother?


 No.


 Fang Yuan’s physical body had changed, his soul was also of an otherworldly demon.


 Then, was he a stranger?


 No.


 The memories of childhood could not be erased, they had once been in each other’s company.


 Anger?


 There was.


 Fang Yuan toyed around with him and disregarded his life, he definitely had a sinister scheme for putting him in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Hatred?


 Definitely.


 Fang Yuan killed his own clan and had been the shadow and nightmare of Fang Zheng’s childhood.


 What else beyond these?


 Having experienced many things, Fang Zheng had slowly begun to understand Fang Yuan and even felt some admiration for Fang Yuan.


 People often had to compromise in this world. Fang Zheng had started realizing his shallowness and gained an understanding of himself. The so-called A-grade aptitude was just a kind of narcissism, Fang Zheng had already become mature.


 Besides understanding and admiration, Fang Zheng even felt a trace of gratitude towards Fang Yuan.


 He was grateful to Fang Yuan for creating obstacles for him, for giving him suffering and hardships. These were all wealth that helped Fang Zheng grow to what he was now. If it were not for the hardships during the continental war in Lang Ya blessed land, how could Fang Zheng have merged the various cultivation experiences of the past Demon Judgment Board Lords and created the killer move blood-kin heart revenge?


 Fang Zheng had once dreamed of a day where he could fight Fang Yuan and take revenge with his own hands.


 But now that the moment really came, Fang Zheng felt a lot different from what he had imagined; he neither felt the pleasure of taking revenge nor felt satisfaction.


 His thoughts were complicated, very complicated.


 "Duke Long, Cang Xuan Zi, Fang Zheng, and Qin Ding Ling, besides them, there is also Fairy Zi Wei." Fang Yuan’s expression turned increasingly serious as he received attacks from all sides.


 As Duke Long continued to grow stronger and the coordination of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals became more tight, Fang Yuan’s thoughts were almost fully used to maintain this battle.


 His ability to analyze the whole situation was continuously falling.


 Be it activating killer moves or controlling Myriad Year Flying Warship, both expended a lot of energy. Fang Yuan also needed to be aware of the overall situation, to keep an eye on all the battlefields, and secretly influence the Gu Immortals of other regions.


 In fact, Duke Long’s group was also in the same state. The battle was becoming more intense, powerful and complicated killer moves involving many Gu worms were activated more frequently, which demanded more attention and control.


 "If Fairy Zi Wei recovers, I will be at a disadvantage whether she joins the battle or takes charge of the overall situation." Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with coldness.


 "Hahaha!" Duke Long suddenly laughed as he got the latest report of the battle in Hairy Foot Mountain, "Fang Yuan, no matter how many times you are reborn, it is useless. Use all your abilities, otherwise it will be too late."


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim as he also learned of the recent battle situation.


 In the Emperor City battlefield, his clone Fang Di Chang was lost and Divine Bean Palace had defected to the enemy’s side. In the Hairy Foot Mountain battlefield, Feng Jiu Ge appeared and used the extremely powerful destiny song, which even made Di Zang Sheng fall into a disadvantage!


 Heavenly Court’s foundation was truly too deep.


 Fang Yuan was not only fighting against Duke Long’s group, he was also contending against Heavenly Court’s millions of years of accumulation!


 The situation in the outside world was not dependable, as such, all the pressure was on Fang Yuan’s shoulders.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze suddenly turned sharp like lightning: "Indeed, I cannot hold back anymore."


 He was not able to find Duke Long’s weakness, but with the situation forcing him, even if there was no weakness, Fang Yuan had to use his full strength.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship rose to the air, rapidly creating distance as Fang Yuan began preparing a killer move.


 Duke Long did not give chase, he remained standing in the air, looking above with concentration. His expression looked like he was facing a great enemy, he no longer looked down on Fang Yuan.


 Cang Xuan Zi took a deep breath and was extremely vigilant.


 Qin Ding Ling, Fang Zheng, as well as Fairy Zi Wei who was recuperating at the edge of the battlefield fixed their gazes on Fang Yuan.


 Even Bing Sai Chuan, who was crazily attacking the refinement path formation and bombarding Heaven Overseeing Tower, split a portion of his attention towards Fang Yuan’s every move.


 Everyone was aware the victory or defeat in the following battle could very likely determine the outcome of the whole situation.


 Immortal killer move — Twelve Zodiac battle formation.


 Fang Yuan first summoned twelve immemorial year beasts, this method had already been revealed before.


 But different from before, the Twelve Zodiac battle formation did not condense into a giant monster but transformed into a golden helm.


 The helm was like a carriage wheel, it had six spokes and twelve handles; each handle had a carving of a year beast.


 The Twelve Zodiac battle helm flew towards Myriad Year Flying Warship and merged into it rapidly. The dazzling silver Myriad Year Flying Warship suddenly had a large golden image that looked like flying sand, transforming at every moment. The golden image transformed into a coiling dragon at one time, a giant tiger at other time, a crowing rooster, or a ramming ox...


 The twelve immemorial year beasts combined perfectly with Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Fang Yuan’s previous concept was fully displayed to the world at this moment.


 "He actually merged an ancient battle formation into an Immortal Gu House perfectly!" Qin Ding Ling’s eyes opened wide.


 Fang Zheng looked on, dumbfounded.


 "Such amazing talent!" Even Duke Long could not help but praise.


 He had never seen this sight, Fang Yuan was the first to achieve this in history!


 Although it was said that ancient battle formations and Immortal Gu Houses were immortal killer moves in essence, no one had succeeded in combining these two killer moves prior to Fang Yuan!


 "Careful, it is attacking!" Cang Xuan Zi shouted with a trace of panic. Myriad Year Flying Warship was letting out a frightening aura that even shook her.


 Immortal killer move — Daybreak Torrent!


 Myriad Year Flying Warship swooped down, leaving behind a trail of sonic booms.


 It was already an outstanding rank eight Immortal Gu House, the Twelve Zodiac battle formation that merged with it even possessed a mighty strength that could match Duke Long’s. After they merged, their strength combined to a horrifying level!


 Duke Long roared as he unleashed a qi wall.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship’s momentum was slightly slowed before it broke through Duke Long’s qi wall.


 Duke Long frowned as he activated qi wall again.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship broke the qi wall again.


 Duke Long erected the qi wall again while Myriad Year Flying Warship broke it again. After five times, Myriad Year Flying Warship’s momentum finally fell sharply.


 Fang Yuan sneered, immortal killer move — Myriad Year Hunting!


 At the next moment, the River of Time phantom under Myriad Year Flying Warship enlarged suddenly, countless year beasts surged out like a huge tide!


 The sky-covering year beast army began attacking the immortal graveyard like a giant tsunami that engulfed everything.


 The large army had countless year beasts, with large numbers of ancient year beasts, and even immemorial year beasts were not in a small quantity.


 What was even more terrifying was that this year beast army moved to Fang Yuan’s will!


 "Terrifying! Just this move alone can let Fang Yuan attack any super force in the world by himself!"


 "Does he want to summon all the year beasts in the River of Time?"


 "This is almost like a copy of call of the ancient! It is just that while Red Lotus’s method summons past Gu Immortal experts, Fang Yuan is summoning the year beasts in the River of Time!"


 "But didn’t myriad year hunting only attract year beasts and had no ability to control them?"


 "This is probably the qualitative change caused by the merging of Twelve Zodiac battle formation!"


 Heavenly Court’s side was shaken.


 Fang Yuan’s trump cards were truly peerless, he just used one and it showed towering might. Duke Long, Cang Xuan Zi and the rest immediately felt troubled.


 The scale of this year beast army was too large, moreover, Fang Yuan was still summoning them with no end in sight.


 The year beast army scattered and spread everywhere like a blossoming flower, attacking every corner of Heavenly Court; Heavenly Court’s side, which lacked manpower, was unable to defend properly.


 Cang Xuan Zi clenched her teeth as she continuously activated space path killer moves to kill as many year beasts as possible in an attempt to ease the current pressure.


 "Be careful!!" Duke Long suddenly shouted.


 "Huh?" Cang Xuan Zi seemingly saw the image of a small knife, her pupils shrunk to the size of pins as she reacted but it was too late, she was already struck!


 "How is this possible... so fast? I clearly arranged..."


 Cang Xuan Zi gazed at Fang Yuan in incredulity. Her body stiffened, a bloody hole appeared on her forehead, piercing through the back of her head. The injury was filled with dense time path dao marks that even a legendary immemorial beast’s self-recovery could not regenerate.


 Immortal killer move — Time Cutting Edge!


 This was the supreme method of Central Continent’s Bo clan, once this knife was shot out, it would not miss, anyone hit by it would die. It had once shaken the whole Central Continent with terror.


 The killer move’s contents were extremely complex and its steps were ever-changing. Among Fang Yuan’s methods, it was no doubt the number one in terms of complexity.


 The more absurd thing was its activation conditions, its activation time could not cross three breaths. For this, Fang Yuan had to use the supplementary killer move shrink time every time he activated this move.


 Its side-effect was also terrifying, every time it was used, a portion of the memories related to it would disappear. It was like an eraser, erasing the enemy while consuming itself.


 After Cang Xuan Zi was struck, Fang Yuan’s mind immediately turned blank, most of the memories of time cutting edge turned vague.


 "At this rate, after I attack Duke Long with it, I will completely lose this move." Fang Yuan’s mind was as calm as the snowy plains.


 He glanced at Duke Long.


 Without realizing, Duke Long retreated several steps.


 Boom!


 A loud sound resounded as Cang Xuan Zi fell to the ground. Her body returned to its original form in mid-air, turning into a giant green vine.


 This green vine once held the sky and was like an extremely eye-catching heavenly pillar, but now it collapsed in the immortal graveyard without moving and had no life force.


 The damage to the immortal graveyard from this crash was much more than the sum of all previous damage, but Duke Long did not care about this. His gaze was fixed on Fang Yuan.


 He needed to concentrate fully to have a chance at blocking the time cutting edge that was amplified by at least fifteen hundred times!


 In Demon Judgment Board, Fang Zheng’s mouth was opened wide and his head was soaked with sweat as he looked at the vast heaven vine that had collapsed on the ground.


 Qin Ding Ling who was behind him was rigid like a statue.


 "If this move had struck Demon Judgment Board, could we block it?" The same doubt flashed in the two’s minds but neither had the confidence to say they could defend against it!


 This move was too horrifying, one move and it was unknown whether Cang Xuan Zi was still alive, her aura could not be detected.


 "Don’t be terrified, he used myriad year hunting’s aura to conceal this move. If he used this move alone, its aura would be too grand and would not be hidden." At the crucial moment, Fairy Zi Wei’s words spread throughout the battlefield.


 "As expected of a wisdom path great expert." Fang Yuan snorted coldly as the flaw was exposed.


 Duke Long’s expression eased a little.


 But at the next moment, Fang Yuan left Myriad Year Flying Warship and charged forward alone.


 "He is going all out!" Duke Long’s heart shook.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Beings Assimilation Transformation.


 Immortal killer move——Immemorial Sword Dragon!


 Roar—!


 Fang Yuan immediately transformed into a giant dragon.


 Immemorial sword dragon!


 The dragon was over three hundred meters in length, its two horns were long and sharp, its eyes were silver-white, its scales were pure-white and emitted dense sword intent.


 All of Fang Yuan’s dao marks were transformed into sword path dao marks.


 And everyone knew that sword path’s superiority lied in offense!


 At this moment, Fang Yuan finally showed his strongest attacking form.



***
Chapter 1944 Swords Destroy Immortal Graveyard


***





 



 Roar—!


 The tyrannical immemorial dragon roared as it swung its tail and moved, its speed was so fast that it left behind a white afterimage at its original spot.


 Bam.


 Demon Judgment Board was hit head-on and fell like a meteor.


 Duke Long immediately rushed forward to reinforce it.


 Fang Yuan sneered and rose to the air suddenly, leaving behind an afterimage.


 In the air, he suddenly changed from an extremely active state to extremely still and his aura erupted.


 Sword path killer move — Triple Layered Sword Wave!


 The offensive killer move that was amplified by at least fifteen hundred times had power that was completely different from the past.


 Giant waves surged and filled the battlefield. Every drop of the silver-white waves had sword path’s strength and was extremely sharp.


 The sword waves did not target Demon Judgment Board or Duke Long but attacked the immortal graveyard.


 From the start, Fang Yuan’s main target was the immortal graveyard.


 Duke Long clenched his teeth as he used self-moving dragon qi wall.


 The qi wall could only hold back the sword waves for eight breaths of time before crumbling to pieces.


 Duke Long let out a muffled groan as blood flowed out of his nose.


 He wanted to continue using the qi wall killer move but the towering sword waves had already reached the immortal graveyard.


 Heavenly Court could defend with ease earlier because of Cang Xuan Zi’s space path methods that could shorten and lengthen distance. This gave Duke Long enough time to repeatedly activate qi wall to put up defense.


 But now that Cang Xuan Zi’s vitality was gone and was lying dead on the ground, there was no more protection of space path methods, Duke Long had no time to activate the qi wall killer move again.


 Duke Long was not a rank nine but a rank eight like Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan’s dao marks far surpassed his and he could only count on heavenly dragon’s last stand. But regretfully, till now, although Duke Long was becoming stronger constantly, there was still some gap between him and Fang Yuan. Especially when Fang Yuan revealed his trump cards and showed his strongest attacking form.


 "No—!" Duke Long let out a sad and furious roar as he looked at the sword waves engulf and sweep through the immortal graveyard.


 The Gu Immortals sleeping in the immortal graveyard could not resist at all, they were sliced into pieces by the sword waves.


 Even the enormous vast heaven vine was being cut down repeatedly by the extremely sharp sword waves. Cang Xuan Zi did not wake up during the whole process, it seemed she was truly dead!


 Demon Judgment Board rose to the air but Fang Zheng was dazed: "He really did it, he destroyed the immortal graveyard!"


 "The immortal graveyard!!!" Compared to Fang Zheng, Fairy Zi Wei and Qin Ding Ling had a greater reaction. They were veteran rank eights and genuine members of Heavenly Court.


 The immortal graveyard was not just an important area of Heavenly Court, it was even more a spiritual sacred land to them, it was defiled by Fang Yuan now. Countless predecessors sleeping inside were killed like chickens without being able to resist!


 "Fang Yuan, I want you to die!" Qin Ding Ling cried out in sorrow.


 "We have failed you all, seniors..." With a loud thud, Old Man Zheng Yuan fell as he knelt on the ground in Central Great Hall, crying silently.


 Fairy Zi Wei felt her entire body turning numb, the immortal graveyard was heavily damaged, and as the leader and planner of Heavenly Court, she could not shirk this responsibility!


 "It’s me, I am too incompetent..." Tears of sorrow trickled down Fairy Zi Wei’s face.


 In Imperfection Regret Pavilion, the images began to fluctuate intensely.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette wanted to make a move but was firmly held up by Limitless Demon Venerable’s silhouette, she could only stare at Fang Yuan slaughtering Heavenly Court’s members and destroying the immortal graveyard.


 Shock and anger filled Star Constellation’s silhouette’s face, her gaze was icy cold as she looked at her opponent: "Good, very good!"


 Limitless’ silhouette smiled: "This is pretty good. Back when I invaded Heavenly Court, I also wanted to destroy the immortal graveyard. But bearing in mind that the scale of variant humans at that time was still enormous, and thinking for the humans, I did not make a move."


 "Hmph, so what if you destroyed the immortal graveyard or even the whole of Heavenly Court. As long as you don’t destroy fate Gu, with heaven’s will continuing to favor humans, Central Continent can still establish a second Heavenly Court, or third or fourth immortal graveyard!" Star Constellation’s silhouette retorted.


 "You are right." Limitless Demon Venerable’s silhouette heaved a sigh: "Fate Gu is the fundamental cause of your Heavenly Court, as long as it remains, your Heavenly Court will stand erect no matter how many losses you suffer. Instead, the more you suffer defeat, the tougher you will become, old will be eliminated and new blood will be brought in, you will be closer to the tides of the new era."


 Eras changed constantly and Gu Immortal cultivation also developed without stopping.


 The prosperity and decline of qi path and strength path was proof of this.


 Limitless Demon Venerable had not touched the immortal graveyard back then because of this consideration. It was better to spare the qi path and strength path Gu Immortals who were left behind by the eras than let Heavenly Court bounce back by absorbing large amounts of rule path, wisdom path, and other paths’ Gu Immortals who would emerge in response to this.


 "I am really curious, how long can you last over there now that the immortal graveyard is destroyed?" Limitless’ silhouette said with a smile.


 Star Constellation’s silhouette could no longer be indifferent: "You are disregarding the big picture and bringing demise to the rule of humanity! You are unworthy of being a human venerable."


 Limitless’ silhouette smiled coldly: "My main body was bound by this responsibility back then, but now... hasn’t humanity already achieved this goal? Humans should now pursue an even greater goal. You should know what I mean."


 Star Constellation’s silhouette narrowed her eyes, falling into a rare silence.


 "Fang Yuan, I will tear out your tendons and burn you to ashes!!" Duke Long roared, his anger and hatred had accumulated to an extreme level and he charged towards Fang Yuan without regarding anything.


 Fang Yuan dodged and did not fight with Duke Long, he continued to activate triple layered sword wave.


 Swoosh! Swoosh! Swoosh!


 The immortal graveyard was completely covered by sword waves, the sword waves even dug into the ground, not letting go of any hibernating immortal.


 Heavenly Court’s millions of years of accumulation was destroyed overnight!


 "Ahhhhh!" Duke Long’s hair was a mess, his face was distorted, and his eyes were bloodshot.


 Every attack to the immortal graveyard was like a strike to his heart; he was bleeding internally and overwhelmed with grief.


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Offspring.


 At this critical juncture, Duke Long roared with fury; his purple dragon scales flew out and mixed with his blood, transforming into dragonman Gu Immortals.


 They were of all shapes and sizes, with all kinds of appearances. There were rank six, rank seven, and even rank eight dragonmen.


 Duke Long was not an enslavement path Gu Immortal but he had a similar killer move.


 "This is a transformation path killer move that contains human path profundity!" Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk as he ridiculed: "Duke Long, oh Duke Long, you massacred the dragonman race back then, so the reason was to refine them into a killer move. Hahaha, how is your action any different from a demonic immortal? You disregarded morals and ethics, you trampled on your own blood and kin. Not only did you kill all your children and grandchildren, you even refined them into puppets to fight for you!!"


 Duke Long did not refute Fang Yuan’s accusation, deep sadness showed in his eyes as he charged towards Fang Yuan again.


 At the same time, the large number of dragonman Gu Immortals spread like a blooming flower, blocking the sword waves as well as countless year beasts.


 At the level of Duke Long, there were indeed no apparent weaknesses.


 A huge chaotic battle unfolded in Heavenly Court.


 Demon Judgment Board was paving paths of blood through the year beast army. But the atmosphere inside Demon Judgment Board was stifling, Qin Ding Ling and Fang Zheng were both silent.


 Duke Long’s dragon offspring killer move was indeed using the members of the dragonman race, Fang Yuan’s accusation was not false. It was no wonder Duke Long rarely used this move, he was forced to use it now because of Fang Yuan.


 Many dragonman Gu Immortals surrounded the immemorial sword dragon.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly, he had already activated triple layered sword wave, he now activated another immortal killer move, golden thread sword.


 Immediately, the sword dragon’s body turned hazy and its every scale emitted soft yellow light.


 Each scale suddenly shot out a golden thread.


 The number of scales on the immemorial sword dragon was the number of golden threads shot out, they were incomparably fast.


 The golden threads pierced every obstacle in their way, the encircling dragonman Gu Immortals resembled honeycombs as the countless golden threads passed them.


 Bam bam bam...


 Suffering such a heavy injury, these dragonman Gu Immortals were unable to maintain their shape as they detonated softly, returning to scales and blood droplets.


 Fang Yuan cleared all the enemies in his surroundings, the sword waves which he had activated just before were still spreading as he rode the waves down.


 The immortal graveyard was already wiped out, the greatest variable was destroyed, and now, Fang Yuan charged towards Duke Long.


 Cang Xuan Zi had no vitality, her vine body was also in a miserable state. Demon Judgment Board was unable to fight Fang Yuan by itself, if Duke Long fell, who could stop Fang Yuan?


 Immortal killer move — Five Finger Fist Heart Sword!


 Dragon claws clenched tightly, Fang Yuan’s aura suddenly fell to almost a negligible level.


 However, warning signs were ringing in Duke Long’s mind. He shot forward, his purple-gold dragon-shaped qi flickered constantly and his figure appeared and disappeared, moving in all directions as he tried to evade crazily.


 First sword!


 Fang Yuan’s dragon pupils let out a strange light as a sword light shot out of his claws.


 Fast! Fast! Fast!


 The sword light’s speed was beyond belief.


 Duke Long had just seen the light shoot out of Fang Yuan’s claws when he found the sword light was already in front of him.


 In an almost impossible situation, he forcibly turned his body to one side.


 The sword light brushed past him.


 Blood splattered, a large cut spread from his left shoulder to his left chest. The cut was clean; bones, scales and even a part of the left lung were gone completely.


 Five finger fist heart sword was truly horrifying!


 If this had struck Duke Long’s head, it would have been severed immediately.


 Since the start of the battle, this was the first time Duke Long felt a fatal threat. It had been a long time since he felt such a feeling.


 Duke Long gave a loud roar and shot towards Fang Yuan like lightning.


 Fang Yuan applauded inwardly.


 Every sword in five finger fist heart sword required time to prepare. Duke Long saw through this weakness and took the chance to attack.


 Fang Yuan’s dragon body moved as he retreated, trying to pull some distance from Duke Long.


 Sword path’s offensive advantage was obvious, if it were an ordinary opponent, Fang Yuan could directly smash through them. But Duke Long was an extremely powerful expert, he could not be careless.



***
Chapter 1945 Combat System


***





 



 Fang Yuan’s immemorial sword dragon form similarly possessed an advantage in speed. Duke Long tried his best in chasing but found that he could not shorten the distance easily.


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Gate!


 A dragon gate appeared, there were two red pillars by the side with a dragon coiling around each of them, their upper body left the pillars and gathered in the middle, forming the top of the gate. The dragon mouths were open with a radiant dragon pearl in each of them, forming a scene of two dragons and two pearls.


 Two dragon gates appeared simultaneously, one appeared in front of Duke Long while the other appeared behind Fang Yuan.


 Duke Long disappeared into the dragon gate in front of him and appeared from the dragon gate behind Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s mind rang with warning signals as he dodged immediately, but Duke Long used qi engulfing mountains and rivers to delay his speed.


 Immortal killer move — Chaotic Dragon Fist!


 At the next moment, Duke Long’s fists smashed upon immemorial sword dragon’s head and kept on punching it, forcefully knocking Fang Yuan down to the immortal graveyard.


 Bam.


 The immemorial sword dragon crashed fiercely on the ground, dust, soil and stones flew everywhere.


 Although the immemorial sword dragon struggled to raise its head, its claws were still intact and it continued to shoot the second sword light.


 Five finger fist heart sword, second sword!


 Duke Long was already on maximum alert. The moment Fang Yuan moved, he immediately dodged and appeared on Fang Yuan’s dragon back.


 The second sword struck air, brushing past the dragon body and piercing the sky, forming a vacuum along the way.


 Five finger fist heart sword’s sword lights were extremely fast but they could not curve. Duke Long might not be able to ward off the sword light but he could dodge. It was somewhat difficult to dodge the sword light, but he could observe Fang Yuan’s movement and judge when he was going to use the sword light, and thereby, dodge in advance.


 Undoubtedly, five finger fist heart sword was an extremely powerful killer move and it had a huge advantage compared to time cutting edge — it would not be forgotten.


 But because of Duke Long’s proper battle tactic, five finger fist heart sword became useless, Fang Yuan’s immemorial sword dragon had to face Duke Long in close combat.


 In just a dozen or so breaths of time, Fang Yuan had already received many heavy strikes from Duke Long’s dragon fists.


 There had never been a strongest Immortal Gu or killer move, only Gu Immortal!


 Five finger fist heart sword’s most ideal environment was when the first sword was released. Fang Yuan was quite far from Duke Long and could use it for long-range attack while he was in an invulnerable position. Even if Duke Long’s reaction was extremely keen, he would be hard-pressed to defend against them and every sword could push him to a near-death state.


 But when Duke Long closed in the distance and forced close combat, Fang Yuan’s dragon body instead became the obstacle for the sword lights and even became a cover for Duke Long.


 Looking over the battle, Duke Long could be said to have restrained Fang Yuan’s five finger fist heart sword by using dragon gate. Without some distance, there was no space to effectively use five finger fist heart sword.


 So, after the second sword, Fang Yuan immediately stopped using five finger fist heart sword and turned to golden thread sword.


 Duke Long saw Fang Yuan’s dragon scales beginning to flicker with yellow light, he immediately chose to retreat far away with dragon gate.


 Countless golden threads covered every inch around Fang Yuan, but Duke Long had already retreated.


 But there was no issue, Fang Yuan once again pulled apart some distance between him and Duke Long, he could continue using five finger fist heart sword.


 Duke Long’s situation turned dangerous, he had no choice but to get near Fang Yuan again and attempt close combat.


 When he approached Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan would need to cancel five finger fist heart sword and change to other methods to fight Duke Long.


 "This demon has modified five finger fist heart sword to this degree! He can casually cancel the killer move with no backlash. Or should I say that he has modified every sword strike into an individual move." Duke Long’s thoughts moved rapidly.


 Five finger fist heart sword was Bo Qing’s trump card, how could Heavenly Court not know of it?


 Duke Long knew a lot of information and it would have been easily countered if Fang Yuan had not modified it.


 Duke Long’s dao marks were lower than Fang Yuan’s so he could not use defensive killer moves to ward off Fang Yuan’s various sword path methods, his best option was to dodge.


 Fortunately, he had much more battle experience than Fang Yuan.


 More importantly, as long as he did not die, he would continue to grow stronger along with his shrinking lifespan!


 "Although I modified five finger fist heart sword and am able to cancel it freely, the amount of thoughts required have increased sharply, which makes me unable to use other offensive methods at the same time... the other problem is that Duke Long is getting stronger!" Fang Yuan was feeling anxious.


 Previously, he could suppress Duke Long and Cang Xuan Zi, mostly because of his battle tactic — Fang Yuan attacked the immortal graveyard, Heavenly Court had no choice but to defend with all their strength and take a beating passively.


 Now, the immortal graveyard was destroyed by Fang Yuan. There might be some hibernating Gu Immortals still alive in there somewhere, but Duke Long no longer was burdened.


 Duke Long could now advance or retreat, he immediately showed his true strength and aura in battle.


 Fang Yuan battled Duke Long, both were in a stalemate.


 Duke Long was happy to see this, but Fang Yuan was not.


 So, he turned his head and spat out a waterfall.


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Thought Sword Waterfall.


 The sword waterfall crashed down with a huge momentum, every drop of water was a sword thought.


 Immortal killer move — Swordsman!


 Sword thoughts surged and collided, forming human shaped warriors. They had the appearance of Fang Yuan and were wielding long swords. Countless swordsmen charged forward.


 Fang Yuan created this move after becoming a human path grandmaster, it contained the profundities of sword path and human path.


 The moment Duke Long saw this killer move, he retreated.


 Fang Yuan took the chance to get free and charged towards Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Outside Heaven Overseeing Tower, Calamity Luck Altar was destroying the refinement path formation with ease. And inside the tower, Qi Ci Lang was struggling against the remaining jade light on his body.


 Duke Long paled with fright when he saw Fang Yuan’s movement.


 Demon Judgment Board went forward to block the path but was sent flying by one strike from Fang Yuan.


 Right at this crucial moment, the sound of singing suddenly appeared in the battlefield and coiled around the immemorial sword dragon’s body.


 Fang Yuan suddenly felt his condition slipping rapidly, like he had returned to the low point of his life where his actions were controlled by others, his talents and ambitions unable to be expressed, his freedom was lost and his future was dark.


 The immemorial sword dragon’s speed fell sharply.


 Duke Long quickly caught up and blocked Fang Yuan: "Great job, Feng Jiu Ge! Fairy Zi Wei!"


 At the crucial moment, Feng Jiu Ge’s destiny song successfully obstructed Fang Yuan.


 And the one who had guided him in time was Fairy Zi Wei.


 Fairy Zi Wei had opened Central Heaven Gate.


 This Immortal Gu House was the gateway to Heavenly Court, it had the ability to transport people but it was far inferior to the enormous teleportation Gu formation and was only for convenience.


 Destiny song continued, Fang Yuan’s battle strength kept falling while Duke Long strength’s kept increasing.


 Boom boom boom!


 The immemorial sword dragon was beaten back repeatedly by Duke Long and had no way to approach Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Since the battle started, this was the first time Fang Yuan fell into such a disadvantage. With no other choice, he stopped all sword path killer moves and began preparing reverse flow protection seal.


 Duke Long saw him retreating and his aura fluctuating, he immediately knew Fang Yuan was preparing some other killer move but why would he give him the chance?


 Duke Long roared, the purple-gold dragon-shaped qi around him chased and attacked Fang Yuan like a storm.


 Fang Yuan’s immemorial sword dragon body was lacerated with scales and blood flying everywhere. What was even more terrifying was Duke Long’s that chaotic dragon fist could disturb thoughts, causing Fang Yuan’s killer moves to fail when activating.


 At this difficult time, Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture slightly and released the accumulated Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies flew towards Duke Long and self-detonated.


 Duke Long was extremely wary and dodged immediately, stopping his offenses. Fang Yuan got some time and successfully activated reverse flow protection seal.


 Duke Long could not help but sigh when he saw this move. The timing just now was perfect but he did not grab it, he had exchanged many moves with Fang Yuan and saw through Fang Yuan’s fighting style.


 When Fang Yuan transformed into an immemorial beast or plant using the transformation path killer move, he could also transform all his dao marks into the same path. On such a basis, any killer move he used would have amplified strength. Even rank seven killer moves would be able to threaten rank eights.


 Fang Yuan had many methods, it was very difficult to imagine that he had accumulated and cultivated them to such a degree in less than one hundred years. Even if he had venerable inheritances, it was still a shocking achievement.


 Duke Long was certain: As long as Fang Yuan had enough time, he could reach an unprecedented height. Fortunately, fate Gu’s recovery was the crucial point and Fang Yuan had no choice but to invade Heavenly Court in advance.


 Fang Yuan might be able to rely on some profound and terrifying methods to win against most of the enemies in the world. But facing an existence like Duke Long, a few methods were far from enough, he also needed a combat system that was sufficiently powerful and stable, with ample trump cards.


 Just like Duke Long, his transformation path and qi path methods formed two sets of combat systems.


 Nine dragons protection formed powerful defense, clear dragon vision was used for scouting, dragon claw strike, chaotic dragon fist, spiraling dragon fangs, and world shaking dragon hammer were in charge of offense; these four methods covered close, mid-range, and long range combat. World shaking dragon hammer was even more powerful and had the strength to turn around a situation. Dragon roaring wave and body flicker were standard movement methods and there was also dragon gate for long distance movement. Dragon offspring made up for the lack of capability to fight a group. In this combat system, the strongest method was heavenly dragon’s last stand.


 As for his qi path system: there was qi wall and self-moving dragon qi wall as defensive methods; qi breath mountain, hidden dragon qi explosion, qi engulfing mountains and rivers, great qi hand explosion, and qi current scissors were offensive killer moves. Compared to his transformation path system, these offensive methods had much more obvious long range power. Purple-gold dragon-shaped qi was a jack of all trades, this killer move was so excellent that it provided help to Duke Long in all aspects. Naturally, its most important use was still for movement. Reverse worm dragon was a killer move that was specially prepared to target battlefield killer moves. The trump card of this qi path combat system was triple qi retraction.


 Duke Long’s two combat systems included all aspects like offense, defense, movement, and so on, they also did not have weaknesses or gaps in the various aspects. What was remarkable was these two battles styles could complement each other. For instance, transformation path’s offensive methods were stronger in close and mid-range combat, while weak in long-range combat. Meanwhile, qi path’s offensive methods were the exact opposite.


 Comparatively, there was no need for many trump cards. One for each system, two methods were enough.


 In a real battle, the most useful were still those standard killer moves. For example, Duke Long had triple qi retraction, but he had not used it once in the fight with Fang Yuan. The battle was extremely fierce and Fang Yuan was not stupid enough to give Duke Long the opportunity to use it.


 Another example was Fang Yuan’s five finger fist heart sword, this was a trump card method. But even though Fang Yuan used it, the effect was not decisive for the battle. Duke Long was still able to maintain the stalemate and it was essentially because his combat systems were even more comprehensive than Fang Yuan’s.



***
Chapter 1946 Zi Weis Eerie Change


***





 



 How many combat systems did Fang Yuan have?


 Form what Duke Long saw, Fang Yuan only had two mature combat systems.


 One was time path, and the other was sword path.


 The time path system was the most comprehensive; three breaths future vision, year beast summoning, Myriad Year Flying Warship, spring scissors, winter coat, autumn perception, summer fan, as well as spring ploughing, summer hoeing, autumn harvest, winter storage, and so on covered the two main domains of battle and immortal aperture management. There were two trump cards; time cutting edge that was combined with shrink time, and the other was spring autumn success, the core of which was Spring Autumn Cicada!


 Sword path had immemorial sword dragon transformation, triple layered sword wave, golden thread sword, dark assassination, myriad thought sword waterfall, swordsman, and other methods. Its trump card was five finger fist heart sword. This combat system took offense to the extreme, being even more powerful than time path style in this aspect, especially five finger fist heart sword which was modified by Fang Yuan. But there was nothing to commend about it in other fields, Duke Long’s combat systems were much superior in terms of movement, healing and other aspects. This formed shortcomings. In front of an enemy with extremely rich battle experience like Duke Long, these shortcomings turned into weaknesses which held back the offensive prowess of the sword path system.


 Besides these two systems, Fang Yuan had many qi path methods as well, but as far as Duke Long was concerned, it was incomplete. Unlimited qi sea was clearly a trump card with a power that could break the primordial qi wall, but it had not been used after the first time, and it looked like the possibility of it being used again was low.


 In the soul path aspect, Duke Long knew Fang Yuan had plenty of methods and the trump card killer move was no doubt Luo Po seal. But Heavenly Court and Duke Long had already made sufficient preparations for this. Fang Yuan not using any soul path methods from the start was a wise move.


 Besides these, reverse flow protection seal was of rule path, myriad self was human path, strength path giant hand belonged to strength path, familiar face was transformation path, lead soul into dream, Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation, and switch soul in dream were dream path killer moves. These methods were terrifying, but they were all independent moves resembling large pearls, while a mature combat system was a pearl necklace formed from methods that complemented each other. This necklace formed from small pearls was more valuable than the large pearls.


 Against most Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan could rely on the large pearls to change the situation and determine victory. But in front of Duke Long, the weaknesses of Fang Yuan’s combat systems became conspicuous.


 "Fang Yuan, what you lack is time and I believe you have already felt it, it is such a pity, a mature combat system needs at least a few hundred years of accumulation!" Duke Long looked at Fang Yuan, his gaze sharp as blade: "Even if you used the inheritances left by predecessors to hasten your growth, it is still not perfect enough."


 He activated spiraling dragon fangs to attack Fang Yuan from a distance but they were blocked by reverse flow protection seal.


 Duke Long was not discouraged, reverse flow protection seal was quite powerful but it lacked a mature style to support it and make up for its weakness. Reverse flow protection seal’s greatest weakness was that it expended Reverse Flow River, despite Fang Yuan conserving it as much as possible after his rebirth, how could it endure such intense expenditure?


 Reverse flow protection seal was an immortal killer move that used Reverse Flow River as the core, its defensive strength was terrifying and could reflect almost all external attacks. This move was created by Fang Yuan, from which one could see his astonishing talents. Unfortunately, Fang Yuan lacked a stable combat system for this trump card. For instance, supplementary defensive killer moves to defend and reduce external attacks, or a killer move to increase the power of reverse flow protection seal, or methods to restore Reverse Flow River itself.


 Suppose reverse flow protection seal was a fish with exquisite flavor. Although it would be a delicacy even if it was eaten raw, if it was seasoned with salt, it could be turned into salted fish that could be stored for a long time. If it was accompanied with other ingredients like sugar, ginger, spring onion, or garlic, it could turn into all kinds of delicious meals, providing much more flavors.


 Compared to Heavenly Court and Duke Long, Fang Yuan’s accumulation was still insufficient.


 He could not avoid falling into a predicament.


 Duke Long attacked again and again while enduring reverse flow protection seal’s backlash, forcefully expending Reverse Flow River. His healing methods were also extraordinary.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s destiny song was shrouding over Fang Yuan all the time. Destiny song interchanged between strong and weak, triggering counterattacks from reverse flow protection seal. The profundities of the song actually weakened Fang Yuan even with reverse flow protection seal activated, but the weakening was much smaller.


 What was even worse was that destiny song weakened Fang Yuan while amplifying Duke Long’s strength. Duke Long’s battle strength soared, growing increasingly stronger, he had the complete upper hand and his attacks were like tidal waves, showing extreme power!


 Fang Yuan canceled immemorial sword dragon transformation and returned to his human form. The sword dragon’s body was enormous, using reverse flow protection seal on it expended Reverse Flow River much faster, it was much more steady with a human body.


 Fang Yuan counterattacked continuously using Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies.


 But soon, these Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies were also targeted, they detonated and turned into dream realms. The dream realms then transformed back into new Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies which fought for Heavenly Court.


 It was Feng Jin Huang!


 Fairy Zi Wei had not only recalled Feng Jiu Ge through Central Heaven Gate, she had also recalled Feng Jin Huang. With her here, Fang Yuan’s dream path methods would be highly restrained.


 Sure enough, Fang Yuan’s dream path methods were all targeted and dealt with.


 "Feng Jin Huang!" Fang Yuan frowned inwardly: ’In the previous life, she used the immortal Gu formation to activate immortal level dream path killer move and spoiled my plan. And now, she is using immortal formation or an Immortal Gu House to target me once again?’


 Fang Yuan really wanted to find her precise location and deal with her, but he did not have the freedom to do so at this moment.


 He was not even able to approach Heaven Overseeing Tower, becoming further and further away from it.


 The reason was that his opponents were Duke Long and Feng Jiu Ge!


 The current and previous Dao Guardians had joined hands!


 As for Fang Zheng and Qin Ding Ling in Demon Judgment Board, they were no longer able to interfere and began to deal with the year beasts and swordsmen that were all over Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court’s main force also started returning to Heavenly Court from Hairy Foot Mountain through Central Heaven Gate and joined in the clearing up work.


 Year beasts and swordsmen were not their opponents and were defeated again and again.


 Calamity Luck Altar was the focus of the joint attacks of Heavenly Court’s main force, some even entered Heaven Overseeing Tower; Qi Ci Lang could not move properly, his situation turning perilous.


 "Not good! Heavenly Court’s main force has returned, doesn’t this mean Infallible blessed land has lost its purpose? Heavenly Court possesses enough success dao marks and can restore Fate completely." Fang Yuan’s face was grim, bad news was coming one after the other, and the situation was turning extremely disadvantageous and dangerous.


 "Fairy Zi Wei, use benevolent equality quickly, his reverse flow protection seal will shatter soon!" Duke Long transmitted his voice.


 "Yes!" At this moment, Fairy Zi Wei had already stabilized her injuries and could battle again. She activated an Immortal Gu House and flew to the sky, her sight contained Duke Long, Fang Yuan, as well as Feng Jiu Ge and the rest.


 Immortal killer move — Benevolent Equality.


 "Benevolent equality activated successfully, Fang Yuan won’t be able to escape this time!" Fairy Zi Wei transmitted her voice.


 "Good job, Zi Wei." Duke Long laughed heartily and his attacks became more violent.


 Fang Yuan was forced to retreat again and again.


 "It is useless now, Fang Yuan, no matter how you persist, you will still be defeated." Fairy Zi Wei smiled.


 But at the next moment, she heard a female voice: "Is that so?"


 "Who said that?" Fairy Zi Wei was shocked, this voice was familiar and yet strange, what made her shocked was she had never detected any Gu Immortal existences near her.


 "What are you looking for? I am you." Fairy Zi Wei was horrified to discover that she was actually replying to herself.


 What is going on?


 My body is actually out of control!


 Soul, there is an issue with my soul!


 Suddenly, the eerie light in her pupils grew and spread rapidly. The white part of her eyes were completely covered and turned pitch-black.


 Fairy Zi Wei struggled and resisted with all her strength, but it was all in vain. In her last moment of clarity, she suddenly realized: She was controlled by Spectral Soul, every time she soul searched Spectral Soul, her soul had actually been tampered with slowly. Spectral Soul’s methods were too advanced, she had not been able to detect it at all. She had already been corroded and infiltrated by Spectral Soul’s power, the various decisions she made before Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention also had Spectral Soul’s influence in them.


 It was just that Spectral Soul’s interference was small at the start. But later on, this secret influence kept on growing. And now, he could even cause Fairy Zi Wei to be under an illusion.


 Just earlier, Fairy Zi Wei had not used benevolent equality but she thought she had already successfully activated it and even informed Duke Long!


 "Maybe in the previous life too, I was taken over like this by Spectral Soul. Although I have benevolent equality, I did not truly use it." This was the last clear thought of Fairy Zi Wei.


 At the next moment, she slowly raised her head and looked at the battlefield quietly with a black light in her eyes. Her lips curled up to form an extremely sinister smile.


 She maintained the opening of Central Heaven Gate while approaching Soul Suppression Hall quietly.


 She had the clearest picture of the locations here.


 She quickly cleared all kinds of shackles and restored Spectral Soul’s freedom.


 "Zi Wei pays respects to master!" She knelt down and prostrated before Spectral Soul with not even a trace of pride of a Heavenly Court member.


 Spectral Soul was extremely weak, he turned into a translucent soul sphere which slowly floated towards Fairy Zi Wei: "Let’s go watch the show first."


 Fairy Zi Wei held the soul sphere in both hands and walked out of Soul Suppression Hall.


 At this moment, Wu Yong, Wu Shuai, and others also appeared in Heavenly Court’s battlefield.


 "What’s going on? Fairy Zi Wei!" Duke Long roared, Central Heaven Gate was still being activated and actually brought these enemies as well.


 Duke Long was unable to contact Fairy Zi Wei, his heart sank and he wanted to directly destroy Central Heaven Gate. But at this moment, Fang Yuan charged towards Heaven Overseeing Tower again.


 Duke Long was seething with anger, but he was forced to intercept Fang Yuan and give up on his previous plan.


 Gu Immortals entered one by one through Central Heaven Gate.


 "Follow Lord Wu Yong!"


 "So Heavenly Court actually looks like this."


 "Kill! Kill! Kill!"


 "Heaven Overseeing Tower is there, follow me!"


 The final decisive battle unfolded in Heavenly Court.



***
Chapter 1947 Paradise Earth Takes Action


***





 



 "Come, come, take a look, this is high grade silk!"


 "Candied fruits, candied fruits, buy three sticks and get one free."


 "Sir, what do you need?" Inside a store that sold Gu worms, a clerk welcomed Hong Yi passionately.


 Hong Yi first fixed his gaze on this clerk before carefully scanning the layout and decoration of the store. He frowned on the inside: "Everything here is so lifelike, what is going on?"


 "I heard you have scholar Gu for sale?" Hong Yi asked.


 "Oh, yes. But lord, this scholar Gu is a rank five Gu worm." The clerk was somewhat hesitant.


 Hong Yi smiled lightly and released his rank five Gu Master aura, immediately causing a huge disturbance in the store.


 The clerk’s face was filled with shock, the store manager was also drawn in by the aura. He cupped his hands and greeted Hong Yi respectfully, personally taking out a scholar Gu for him to observe.


 "It is indeed scholar Gu." Hong Yi examined it carefully for a while, the doubts in his heart growing deeper, "May I test it?"


 "Go ahead, sir." The store manager immediately gave scholar Gu to Hong Yi.


 Hong Yi poured his primeval essence into scholar Gu. This scholar Gu immediately flew out from Hong Yi’s finger and landed on the ground, turning into a young handsome scholar.


 The young scholar bowed respectfully towards Hong Yi with cupped fists: "Student greets teacher."


 Hong Yi nodded in excitement. Scholar Gu was extremely rare, it was a human path Gu worm, and Hong Yi had only heard of it in rumors.


 Hong Yi took out a wisdom path mortal Gu and an information path mortal Gu from his aperture, throwing them to the scholar: "Use them."


 The scholar received these two Gu worms and used them without any need for gaining familiarity, and he used them rather proficiently at that. In particular, some small habits during the activation were the same as Hong Yi’s.


 "What do you think, sir?" The store manager asked with a smile.


 Hong Yi nodded repeatedly: "Great, I want this Gu."


 The store manager was exulted: "Great, it will be six hundred thousand primeval stones."


 Hong Yi’s brows furrowed.


 This price was not expensive, in fact, it was too cheap. The price for a rank five mortal Gu ranged from one hundred thousand to one million primeval stones, but this scholar Gu was a rare top quality rank five Gu, its price was definitely above one million. Moreover, there was no market for it, so it was difficult to get even with sufficient funds.


 But it was being sold for only six hundred thousand primeval stones here!


 Hong Yi had many fortuitous encounters and was wealthy, he immediately paid the sum and received this scholar Gu.


 Coming outside the store, Hong Yi’s heart was fluctuating with waves: "This place is like Emperor City, but weren’t there immortal battles going on around Emperor City? But this place is peaceful. What is going on?"


 "Also, there doesn’t seem to be any difference between here and reality, but looking carefully, there are a large number of human path Gu worms here. Scholar Gu is only one of them. Moreover, there are so many human path Gu worms here that it can even be called overflowing, but it is commonplace to these people. And the common fire path, water path, and other paths’ Gu worms are instead rare here. It seems like human path is the main cultivation path here."


 "Really strange! I wonder what Brother Ye found on his end? I better go join him quickly."


 After Ye Fan and Hong Yi were sent to the painting by Genesis Lotus’s will, they split up to explore the area after discussing with each other.


 Hong Yi’s discovery was also discovered by Ye Fan.


 But at this moment, in the corner of a street, Ye Fan saw an unexpected person.


 "Master!" Ye Fan was astonished.


 He had also bought a rank five human path Gu worm from a store, it was called hero Gu. He had just come to a corner to activate it, and the situation became different from when he activated it in the store.


 Hero Gu actually transformed into his master’s appearance!


 "No need to be shocked, my disciple. This is our chance encounter." Lu Wei Yin smiled.


 Ye Fan immediately understood the meaning behind the words and was joyous: "Master, you know the oddity of this place? What place is this? Why did we suddenly end up in this place?"


 Lu Wei Yin smiled lightly: "I need to explain from the beginning. Three hundred thousand years ago, in the Medieval Antiquity Era, Central Continent gave birth to an Immortal Venerable named Genesis Lotus. He created the killer move karma divine tree, and when he roamed Western Desert, he refused a child’s request to resurrect his parents, as a result, he saw a certain scene in the future where Emperor City was destroyed by an earth trench and all lives were extinguished."


 "Therefore, he placed Divine Bean Palace in Western Desert. When he returned to Central Continent later, he used the painting path killer move contented lifestyle on Emperor City, forming a painting world. You two have your luck connected to Fang Yuan tightly, Genesis Lotus’s will was wary and thus it locked you in here."


 Ye Fan was dumbstruck, the wealth of information made him unable to react for a while.


 He was extremely shaken: "This matter is actually related to Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable? Also master, when did I connect luck with Fang Yuan?"


 "That was done by Fang Yuan secretly, he wanted to accomplish something with the help of your luck. The upper extreme heavenly eagle was also his immemorial desolate beast." Lu Wei Yin replied calmly.


 "Fang Yuan took the initiative to connect luck with me to get help from my luck?" Ye Fan was even more shocked.


 Ye Fan had acknowledged Lu Wei Yin as his master and was thus half a step into the Gu Immortal world, and knew much more secrets than Hong Yi. He was extremely clear on what kind of big shot Fang Yuan was! Fang Yuan was an unparalleled demon, a powerful character that even Heavenly Court was without options against. He was actually connected to him, this was simply like a fairytale!


 Lu Wei Yin shook his head: "Disciple, don’t look down on yourself. You are a person favored by the Heavenly Dao, you possess an innately strong luck. Although you are insignificant at the start, you will definitely make huge accomplishments in the future. In the entire five regions, there are not even ten people with luck like yours. It is not strange for Fang Yuan to want to get help from your luck."


 "However, the Heavenly Dao balances everything, he once used your luck and obtained great benefits, now, you are also using him to obtain an enormous immortal fortune. The upper extreme heavenly eagle was only one of them, in front of you now is Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance!"


 "Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance?!" Ye Fan exclaimed in shock once again, he suddenly understood and his gaze towards Lu Wei Yin changed: "Master, you know all this like the back of your hand. Does this mean this was all your plan?"


 "Haha, my disciple, you overestimate me. This was all Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s arrangement, I am only his inheritor."


 When Ye Fan heard the great name of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, he realized he had also become a follower of Paradise Earth, but he did not feel exulted as he was already numb from the shock.


 Lu Wei Yin waved at Ye Fan: "We don’t have much time, we will talk as we move."


 Ye Fan quickly followed, the two followed the crowd in the street and walked towards the front.


 Lu Wei Yin explained in detail: "This Genesis Lotus true inheritance has extremely high value, it is divided into three parts. The first part is this contented lifestyle killer move, the second part is the luck of being the child of humanity, and the third part is the rank eight Immortal Gu House formed from Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City — Divine Emperor Palace!"


 Lu Wei Yin continued after a slight pause: "We will first take the second part and make you the child of humanity."


 Ye Fan questioned: "Master, what is the child of humanity? What should I do?"


 Lu Wei Yin replied: "Central Continent is different from the other four regions, it uses the sect system and human path is most prosperous here with the deepest foundation. Emperor City is the greatest congregation of Central Continent’s human vein. Why do countless geniuses emerge here? It is because of the human vein. As long as you absorb the strength within the human vein, your luck will get a huge boost and you will gain the favor of human path, becoming the child of humanity. And to achieve this, we need Hong Yi’s help."


 "Hong Yi? He is my sworn brother, how is this connected to him?" Ye Fan continued to be shocked.


 Lu Wei Yin replied: "Fang Yuan connected luck with him as well, but his luck is different from yours, you are the favored child of the Heavenly Dao while he is one of the children of humanity of Central Continent, he is favored by human path. With his help, you can smoothly make use of Shen Shang’s actions and quietly obtain the recognition of the human vein. With the status of a child of humanity, we can then borrow Fang Yuan’s strength to attempt to get the first part of the true inheritance, or even the third part as well."


 Divine Bean Palace, painting world.


 "Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan..." A voice was heard intermittently in Fang Di Chang’s ears.


 Fang Di Chang had already stopped using karma divine tree and was using wisdom path killer moves to think of how to get rid of this predicament when he heard this voice.


 "It is Shen Shang’s voice! He learned of my identity from the main body?" Fang Di Chang hesitated, he had some guesses in his mind but he did not respond immediately.


 Sure enough, Shen Shang’s voice continued to transmit: "Fang Di Chang, I already learned of your true identity from your main body. Who could have thought Fang Yuan had such an arrangement, he actually placed his clone inside a Western Desert super force. I am going to help you escape."


 "Hmm? How are you going to help me?" Fang Di Chang was puzzled.


 Shen Shang laughed: "You should know that I have been trying to decipher the venerable human path methods and I have already found the key to them."


 "I know." Fang Di Chang nodded.


 Shen Shang continued: "Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City have merged into one, I have all along been hiding myself and haven’t let Genesis Lotus’ will discover me, so I am still deciphering human path killer moves."


 Fang Di Chang asked: "And what about them?"


 Shen Shang explained patiently: "This is a perfect opportunity! I have been constantly transferring the four regions’ human will inside here. Originally, I had been unable to involve myself with Emperor City and disrupt the venerable methods from inside so I had to infiltrate it quietly. But now, Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City have merged. You previously refined Divine Bean Palace, it is just that your authority is lower than Genesis Lotus’ will. Use your karma divine tree killer move to shake the whole Immortal Gu House and coordinate with me to spread out the venerable methods so that everyone’s power is amplified."


 "You want me to cooperate with you to break the venerable human path methods?" Fang Di Chang got to the point.


 Shen Shang laughed: "We are helping each other!"


 "Alright, I’ll work with you." Fang Di Chang did not hesitate, agreeing directly.



***
Chapter 1948 Restoration Halted


***





 



 Heavenly Court’s battlefield.


 Immortal killer move — Finger Wind Dragon!


 Wu Yong activated his killer move but was met with the joint attack of three Heavenly Court members.


 "Die, Wu Yong!" Prince Feng Xian used inexhaustible flames that charged ahead while he stood behind, covered in flames. His offensive attack also had defensive properties, it was a stable choice of attack.


 Zhou Xiong Xin attacked from behind, the killer move rumors become tigers roared, like a group of tigers that pounced towards Wu Yong.


 And Ye Qiao Zi activated long range killer moves, vines grew out of thin air and spread towards Wu Yong, trying to bind him.


 Wu Yong sighed internally, he had to retreat repeatedly. He moved back into Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.


 With the help of the Immortal Gu House, he resisted the fierce attacks of the three immortals.


 But as such, his plan to approach Heaven Overseeing Tower was stopped.


 "The amplification of the human path killer moves to Heavenly Court is too big....wait a moment, this is?!" Just as Wu Yong was getting a headache, specks of white lights appeared on Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and even entered his body.


 Human path killer move — Hope of the People!


 Human path killer move — Heroes Among People!


 "Ahhhh." Inside the Immortal Gu House, other Southern Border Gu Immortals beside Wu Yong were roaring with vitality.


 "This strength, this strength...." Old Treeman Ba De, who was fighting outside, looked at his own hands with shock.


 Transformation path great expert Yi Hao Fang was similarly puzzled: "Why are Heavenly Court’s human path killer moves helping us?"


 This heavy doubt was pressing down on the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals’ minds like a mountain.


 "Shen Shang, you really didn’t let down my expectations, great job." Fang Yuan laughed heartily, he had also received the amplification and his condition was improving rapidly.


 Duke Long’s face was ashen!


 He was a dragonman, a variant human, he could not receive the amplification of heroes among people unlike Fang Yuan. When Fang Yuan returned to his human form, even if it was created with sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it was still a pure human!


 Boom!


 Duke Long was sent flying by Fang Yuan.


 "What in the world is going on?" Qin Ding Ling transmitted her voice to Old Man Zheng Yuan, asking him anxiously.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan was not dead yet and had already moved out of Central Great Hall. He was all along responsible for activating the human path methods left behind by Central Continent’s venerables.


 The old man transmitted his panicked reply to Duke Long, Qin Ding Ling and the rest: "There is a problem in Emperor City. Someone is causing trouble, he poured in the human will of other four regions into Central Continent. Hope of the people and heroes among people distinguish allies based on human will. There was only Central Continent’s human will previously, but now the human wills of all five regions are gathered, so everyone will receive amplification."


 Duke Long warded off Fang Yuan’s attacks while asking: "How can we resolve this issue?"


 Old Man Zheng Yuan replied with a heavy voice: "I am giving it my all but I don’t have any confidence in succeeding!"


 Duke Long’s heart sank further: "Who could have tampered with our venerable human path methods to this degree?"


 He had never imagined the venerable human path killer moves to have such changes. The enemy did not break these two killer moves directly but instead expanded the effectiveness of the killer moves to everyone, this was no different from breaking them.


 "Is it Shen Shang?" The soul sphere in Fairy Zi Wei’s hands shook lightly as if it was laughing to itself.


 Back then, the information Fairy Zi Wei had given to Duke Long contained details of Shen Shang’s location. This action was made under Spectral Soul’s influence.


 Duke Long, however, had full trust in Fairy Zi Wei. Moreover, at that time, Fang Zheng had been detained by Shen Cong Sheng and had to be exchanged for urgently, thus there was the series of later events. In the end, Shen Shang left Dragon Whale Paradise, infiltrated Emperor City and achieved this accomplishment.


 "Perhaps I should say, this is worthy of Paradise Earth." The soul sphere shook once again.


 Fairy Zi Wei was holding the soul sphere and continuously using wisdom path methods to imitate soul path and heal the soul sphere.


 The soul sphere was becoming increasingly solid under her healing.


 On the other side, Central Heaven Gate was still open, bringing in Gu Immortals from the outside world into Heavenly Court.


 "Hahaha, bring all those people in, let them kill, let them die! The more they kill the better it is, the more deaths there are the better this is, hahaha." The soul sphere laughed madly.


 The first batch who came were the Southern Border immortals in Hairy Foot Mountain, as well as Wu Shuai, Zhan Bu Du, and others.


 Right now, the second batch of Gu Immortals was teleported over. They were Northern Plains’ reinforcements who allied with Southern Border’s group in the previous life.


 The leader was an old man with a walking stick, Yao Huang.


 As well as Heavenly Lord Bai Zu who was walking forward proudly.


 Behind the two great rank eight Gu Immortals were Domination Immortal Chu Du who was famous throughout the five regions, Black Extremity Sun Ming Lu who schemed against Old Ancestor Xue Hu, as well as other Gu Immortal experts.


 "Rank seven Gu Immortals will enter Immortal Gu Houses." Yao Huang swept his gaze around the battlefield and gave the command.


 Even Chu Du had to listen obediently.


 He was shaken by the fierce battle in front, this battle was not something rank sevens could interfere in.


 Northern Plains had few Immortal Gu Houses, but they brought over three this time!


 "Follow me, we will reinforce Calamity Luck Altar." Heavenly Lord Bai Zu took the lead to charge forward.


 Yao Huang and the three Immortal Gu Houses followed closely behind.


 Bing Sai Chuan cheered loudly inside Calamity Luck Altar, his attacks towards the refinement path formation were obstructed by the golden pearls left by Golden Pearl Immortal King. And now, he was being besieged from all directions by Heavenly Court’s main force.


 Bing Sai Chuan was attacking the refinement path formation while repairing Calamity Luck Altar, he needed help and this batch of reinforcements came at a perfect timing.


 "Kill!" Heavenly Lord Bai Zu shouted. His figure shook and split into countless clones that fought against the soldiers formed from the golden pearls.


 Yao Huang did not want to appear weak, he waved his cane, a strong medicinal fragrance pervaded the battlefield immediately.


 The three Immortal Gu Houses also arrived and defended Calamity Luck Altar.


 Heavenly Court’s main force was immediately divided.


 "Don’t even dream of leaving." Wu Yong used killer moves one after another, wishful wind whip, soft vajra wind chief, yin wind rope and many others were used alternatively to tie down the enemies.


 Ba De, Yi Hao Fang and others also mimicked this.


 "Damn it!" Most of Heavenly Court’s main force could only curse inwardly as they were pinned down.


 If it were before, the Southern Border immortals would never have been able to pose such troubles, but with heroes among people’s support now, Wu Yong and others were amplified. Overall, they were still weaker than Heavenly Court’s members, after all, the latter were elites in rank eight, but it was still enough for them to become a threat.


 "Charge!" Dragon Palace crashed through the battlefield, Wu Shuai and Zhan Bu Du were controlling it from inside.


 Feng Jiu Ge had to avoid the collision, destiny song slowed down.


 Fang Yuan immediately felt the suppression on him receding sharply, and adding on the amplification from heroes among people, he sent Duke Long flying once again.


 Dragon tattoos wriggled around Duke Long, dragon fangs flew around and obstructed the incoming attacks.


 Suddenly, a huge figure appeared.


 "This is?!" Duke Long’s pupils shrank rapidly as he saw the giant figure.


 Evil Dragon — Di Zang Sheng had taken the stage!


 "Duke Long!!!" Di Zang Sheng spoke human voice, its roar gave rise to endless shock waves. It slammed down its claws on Duke Long like he was a ball.


 Di Zang Sheng’s claws were cut by the dragon fangs and dripped with blood, while Duke Long collided into the ground, creating a hundred feet deep crater.


 Di Zang Sheng’s enormous body pressed down.


 Rumble!


 The entirety of Heavenly Court shook violently, smoke and dust flew, covering the whole battlefield.


 Di Zang Sheng flew up slowly, the ground that its stomach pressed on had already formed a shallow trench that spanned from the east to west of Heavenly Court. All the buildings, mountains and rivers in its path were turned into waste.


 "He is above!" Zhan Bu Du suddenly pointed.


 Duke Long was floating in the air, looking down at Di Zang Sheng. The dragon gate behind him disappeared slowly.


 At the crucial moment, he had escaped the dangerous situation by using dragon gate.


 "This Evil Dragon!" Duke Long clenched his teeth, his sunken chest bulged up rapidly and soon recovered to its previous state. Clearly, Di Zang Sheng’s attack had not been without effect.


 On the other side, Myriad Year Flying Warship flew back and took in Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan looked at Duke Long and sneered, he directly ignored him and charged towards Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Duke Long’s eyelids twitched at this sight.


 The force at Heaven Overseeing Tower’s side was barely resisting Calamity Luck Altar and was on the verge of collapse. If Fang Yuan and Myriad Year Flying Warship joined, the situation would directly collapse.


 "Fang Yuan, don’t even think about it! Everyone gather and protect Heaven Overseeing Tower!" Duke Long sent his command, he himself was the first to move as he used dragon gate and blocked the path of Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 "Get lost!" Dragon Palace came to reinforce, its owner Wu Shuai was resolute and direct, he released the suppressed Jun Shen Guang and Vortex Space Boy, and thus could activate the killer move dreamy light smoke again.


 Dreamy light smoke engulfed Duke Long.


 Duke Long’s heart pounded crazily, he had no choice but to dodge, leaving behind a path through which Fang Yuan moved forward.


 "Damn it, this is a dream path killer move, my methods are useless." In a corner far away, Feng Jin Huang was hiding in an inconspicuous Immortal Gu House, stomping her feet in anxiety.


 Right at this time, destiny song reverberated through the battlefield once again.


 Heavenly Court’s condition rose rapidly and Duke Long also received great benefits, while Fang Yuan and the group’s offenses immediately weakened.


 "Unbelievable, we entered Heavenly Court!" Eight Eastern Sea immortals joined the battlefield through Central Heaven Gate.


 "Heavenly Court’s side is being besieged!" The eight immortals’ eyes brightened, especially when they saw Fang Yuan, Di Zang Sheng, Myriad Year Flying Warship, and Dragon Palace forcing back Duke Long and Feng Jiu Ge.


 "Good, we will join and deal the final blow to them!!" The eight immortals’ morale soared as they joined the chaotic battle.


 "How did they come here?" Fang Yuan was slightly surprised.


 Zhang Yin, Granny Rong and the other dragon generals joining the battle was a given, but Qing Yue An and the rest were very conservative, why would they take risk in joining the battle?


 "Hehehe, this is the side effect of heroes among people. When they received the amplification, they also received the influence of the four regions’ human will and hate Heavenly Court even more now." Shen Shang’s voice transmitted over: "A pity that Western Desert’s side is still in a stalemate against Central Continent’s Immortal Gu Houses and cannot participate in this battle."


 "Shen Shang, well done." Fang Yuan did not hesitate to praise.


 Shen Shang laughed heartily: "Naturally. But then again, you being able to control Central Heaven Gate was truly beyond my expectation. This move was truly spectacular. Ah, I can also feel Central Heaven Gate’s transportation power, we will join in a while and flip Heavenly Court upside-down, hahaha!"


 Fang Yuan only smiled: "Then come fast!"


 Central Heaven Gate’s change was beyond Fang Yuan’s expectations, but why would he cut himself short at this time? Even if someone was scheming from the dark, Fang Yuan would only follow the tides and prioritize in defeating Heavenly Court as well as destroying fate Gu.


 "Damn it, why at this time..." Just as Shen Shang was about to accept the transportation, black fire appeared on his body. His internal threat had erupted again.


 "I used all my strength to decipher the venerable killer moves and my injuries were left unattended..." This was Shen Shang’s last clear thought before he sank into madness and chaos.


 The moment Shen Shang turned mad, Old Man Zheng Yuan sensed it.


 The old man’s spirit was roused: "The enemy’s strength has disappeared! Regardless of the reason, I can use this chance to take control again and there is even a chance to turn around the situation. Hmm? Who is it?!"


 Old Man Zheng Yuan suddenly shouted, Fairy Zi Wei appeared in front of him with empty hands and a smile on her face.


 "Zi Wei? No, you are not normal!" The old man’s eyes shone sharply as he quickly retreated.


 But at the next moment, a solid pitch-black soul sphere appeared behind him and entered his body.


 "No!" Old Man Zheng Yuan seemed to have suffered a heavy attack as he collapsed on the ground, his eyes rolled and saliva foamed from his mouth while his body quivered continuously.


 The twitching lasted for a while before Old Man Zheng Yuan became still all of a sudden, his eyes were the same as Fairy Zi Wei, turning completely black.


 He stood up silently and wiped off the saliva, he lowered his hands and greeted the floating soul sphere respectfully: "This old servant pays respects to master!"


 Spectral Soul let out a light grunt of agreement, he did not have any Immortal Gu currently but he was not without methods. The soul beast modification killer move he developed in the past had already become a type of innate ability of his soul. This innate ability could let him modify any soul and make the target offer their complete loyalty.


 "Now, we should subdue Feng Jin Huang, I know her location as well and can also cut off that Immortal Gu House’s teleportation ability." Fairy Zi Wei said of her own initiative.


 "No hurry." Spectral Soul, however, rejected her suggestion: "Feng Jin Huang is not only favored by the Heavenly Dao, she also receives the adoration of humanity itself, her luck is strong enough to be second only to Red Lotus Demon Venerable. Don’t think she is alone right now, the moment we make an attempt on her, we will be met with obstructions. Forget others, just Feng Jiu Ge alone is a huge problem. This person is strong enough to match Duke Long right now! We will observe the changes in the battlefield, let these people kill each other as their luck dissipates, then we will see if there is a chance to make a move on Feng Jin Huang."


 Spectral Soul and the two servants walked out of the Immortal Gu House and observed the battlefield from far away.


 Right now, Heavenly Court’s side was gathered around Heaven Overseeing Tower and defended with all their strength. Their situation had become extremely perilous.


 The other immortals’ attacks were unusually fierce, they were under the amplification from heroes among people, but also the weakening from destiny song. With Fang Yuan and Di Zang Sheng at the lead, every minute action made Heavenly Court’s side nervous.


 Duke Long and Feng Jiu Ge were like main pillars, one person blocked Fang Yuan while the other suppressed Di Zang Sheng, but both were disadvantaged since they had to defend Heaven Overseeing Tower as well.


 Demon Judgment Board was struggling to defend against Myriad Year Flying Warship and Dragon Palace’s joint attacks.


 Golden pearl soldiers were completely destroyed, Heavenly Court’s main force was on a constant retreat and the defensive line continued to pull back.


 "Heavenly Court’s defeat is imminent." Fairy Zi Wei commented, the eerie light in her eyes flickered.


 Only Yuan Qiong Du was standing on the top floor of Heaven Overseeing Tower. Cong Yan and Che Wei were lying on the floor, on the verge of death, there was no one to heal them and Heavenly Court also did not have the ability to spare manpower.


 Originally, Qi Ci Lang was resisting the jade green light, but when Heavenly Court’s main force arrived, they easily handled him. Qi Ci Lang was still bound and could not resist at all, he was directly beheaded and died with grievance.


 The refinement path Gu formation was already destroyed, Yuan Qiong Du could only continue restoring fate Gu by himself.


 "Almost there, almost there!" Yuan Qiong Du mumbled, a fire was burning in his palm.


 Boom!


 Heaven Overseeing Tower suffered a heavy attack and shook violently. Yuan Qiong Du’s refinement was disturbed, he coughed out a large mouthful of blood and fell to the ground, unconscious.


 Fate Gu’s restoration was forcefully halted!



***
Chapter 1949 Beheaded By One Slice!


***





 



 Immortal killer move — Five Rotational Destruction!


 Five Elements Grandmaster shouted in fury, he faced the sky with his palms and pushed, a five colored ring appeared.


 The ring flew to the sky and let out a powerful attraction force, absorbing all kinds of killer moves and even desolate beasts.


 Heavenly Court’s defensive line fell into chaos.


 "Charge!" Southern Border’s Gu Immortals grasped this chance and activated rank eight Immortal Gu House Great Space Temple to charge in through the gap.


 Heavenly Court’s Yu Zhu Zi gritted his teeth as he pointed at Great Space Temple and shouted: "Go!"


 Most of the jade pearls floating around him flew out and struck Great Space Temple before detonating.


 Bam bam bam...


 The detonation of jade pearls resounded like thunder, jade fragments scattered everywhere and attached themselves onto Great Space Temple, actually slowing this rank eight Immortal Gu House by several times.


 With this chance, Heavenly Court’s members quickly reinforced and used all their strength to force Great Space Temple out.


 But, although Great Space Temple was forced out, Wu Yong made his move on the other side.


 Immortal killer move — Finger Wind Dragon!


 Immortal killer move — Chaotic Shooting Blades!


 Wu Yong flicked his fingers repeatedly, throwing out several dark jade worms.


 The small worms grew larger as they flew in the sky, expanding to ten feet, fifty feet, a hundred and fifty feet!


 In just a few breaths of time, they turned into vicious wind dragons that was two hundred and twenty feet long, baring their fangs as they attacked Heavenly Court’s defensive line.


 Wu Yong’s eyes flashed with a green light, the wind dragons roared and turned into countless jade wind blades, shooting everywhere.


 The wind blades were sharp, cutting everything in their path, Heavenly Court’s main force could only grit their teeth and face the killer moves forcibly.


 Using this chance when they were too occupied, Wu Yong turned around and infiltrated the defense line.


 "Don’t even think about it!" A delicate voice sounded, flower petals flew in the sky; Wan Zi Hong blocked Wu Yong.


 She had been paying heavy attention towards Wu Yong without daring to be careless. The moment Wu Yong made the move, she went to fill the gap.


 Wu Yong sighed and could only drop the plan.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortals inside Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building were shouting towards the Eastern Sea Gu Immortal Hua Cai Yun: "Go in quickly!"


 Previously, Wan Zi Hong had been fighting with Hua Cai Yun and Qing Yue An. Right now, Wan Zi Hong went to fill the defensive gap which left behind a hole, letting Hua Cai Yun and Qing Yue An infiltrate the defensive line.


 Hua Cai Yun and Qing Yue An glanced at each other and sensed the other had no intention to charge in, so they both chose to battle in the same place without having any intention to invade.


 The human wills influenced the Eastern Sea immortals’ resoluteness, but the influence was limited. Right now, Hua Cai Yun and Qing Yue An were already feeling regret, how could they have joined the decisive battle in Heavenly Court because of a moment of hotheadedness?


 Wasn’t it quite good and satisfying to plunder immortal materials in Central Continent?


 Why did they have to fight to the death here!


 They were not fools, the first ones to invade the defensive line would definitely be met with fierce counterattacks from Heavenly Court’s forces, they might even die if they were just a little bit careless.


 Because she had seen through this, Wan Zi Hong boldly went to fill the defensive gap and block Wu Yong.


 "The nature of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals is like this." Wan Zi Hong’s eyes shone sharply, she had a deep understanding regarding Eastern Sea.


 But at the next moment, Shi Miao suddenly charged into Heavenly Court’s defensive line.


 He was also an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, Heavenly Court’s main force were barely able to maintain the defensive line and when they were forced, they would let the defensive gap appear in front of the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals. But Heavenly Court’s main force would have never imagined that Shi Miao was already controlled by Dragon Palace and had become a dragon general, unafraid of death in battles.


 Heavenly Court’s main force was dazed and allowed Shi Miao to smoothly charge into the defensive line and near Heaven Overseeing Tower. Just as he was about to charge inside, a figure suddenly appeared in front of Shi Miao.


 "In your dream!" Duke Long’s voice resounded in Shi Miao’s ears.


 Shi Miao had already put up his defenses, his skin was like a layer of rocks, extremely firm. But his tough skin was immediately pierced by Duke Long’s right hand and his neck was grabbed firmly.


 Shi Miao immediately felt suffocation, an intense force spread from Duke Long’s right hand and cracked the rock skin on his neck.


 "What kind of strength is this!" Shi Miao was horrified, he struggled with all his might but it was fruitless.


 Just as his neck was about to snap, a sword light arrived.


 Duke Long dodged immediately, but this was predicted, the sword light struck his waist, then passed through behind like a ray of light.


 Duke Long’s body was almost cut apart by this sword light, an enormous wound appeared on his stomach from where blood flowed out without stopping.


 The sword light continued with its momentum and struck Heaven Overseeing Tower. Fortunately, defensive measures were already activated around Heaven Overseeing Tower, it was not unprepared like when Bo Qing’s sword light cut it, a white barrier flickered around the tower before finally stopping the sword light.


 "Fang Yuan!" Duke Long turned his head towards where the attack came from, at that direction was Fang Yuan who had once again transformed into an immemorial sword dragon.


 The sword dragon’s claws were clenched into a fist, the attack just now was five finger fist heart sword!


 This killer move had terrifying might, Duke Long absolutely could not sit idly and watch Fang Yuan use it casually. He immediately gave up on Shi Miao and used dragon gate to approach Fang Yuan.


 But at this time, Shi Miao suddenly revealed a strange smile, his whole body melted and rapidly covered Duke Long’s body.


 This change caught Duke Long off guard, and Fang Yuan was able to activate five finger fist heart sword again!


 Second sword, third sword, fourth sword!


 Every sword light struck Duke Long and passed through his body, the remaining force struck Heaven Overseeing Tower till it shook.


 "Lord Duke Long!!!" This unexpected situation caused Heavenly Court’s immortals to pale in fright.


 Even Duke Long had never expected Shi Miao to willingly give up his life to pin him down! Fang Yuan’s five finger fist heart sword struck him but Shi Miao was also struck.


 There were three terrifyingly large sword wounds on Duke Long’s body, he was dripping with blood but he still had a breath of life left in him.


 Shi Miao, however, could not be anymore dead. His form was a severed corpse, he died with a smile on his face.


 "Duke Long, your life shall end here." Fang Yuan said softly before pointing the fifth sword of five finger fist heart sword!


 The sword light seemed to pierce through time and space, no one could block its speed.


 Heavenly Court’s immortals watched the sword light strike Duke Long with a horrified gaze.


 At the moment of death, Duke Long’s eyes lost their light as he fell into a whirlpool of memories.


 Childhood...


 Duke Long was lying on the bed and crying: "Father, mother, don’t die, don’t leave me behind!"


 "Child." Duke Long’s father rubbed his head and showed a carefree smile even when death was impending: "Don’t cry and don’t grieve. We suffered these fatal wounds to stop Di Zang Sheng’s rampage, this is our responsibility as members of Heavenly Court, and it is also something we are willing to do."


 "Death is the final destination of life,the crucial thing is whether we died a worthy death."


 "You will understand this when you grow up, my child." Duke Long’s mother spoke: "You will understand what our sacrifices signify. Although this leads to separation, it is also our honor and duty to protect humanity. The stronger one is, the greater their responsibilities. Protecting our people is the noble task that has been inherited by us and countless seniors. When you grow up, you will also continue to walk our path. We will be looking forward to your growth in the other world. You need to work hard and persevere."


 Adolescence...


 Young Duke Long was breathing heavily, he was knocked down by a puppet and was lying down on the ground.


 A Gu Master laughed loudly from the side and clapped: "Little Long, your performance is already great. Get up, rest for a while."


 "No, I can still continue to fight!" Young Duke Long used all his strength and stood up unsteadily: "I will double my efforts, work hard in cultivation and keep on growing stronger. This puppet in front of me is nothing. There will be a day when I will become an expert like my parents, I will become a Gu Immortal of Heavenly Court and follow their path!"


 "Hahaha, such aspirations, I am really looking forward to your future." The Gu Master praised sincerely.


 Adulthood...


 "This is how it feels to be a Gu Immortal?" Duke Long passed the ascension tribulation and became a rank six Gu Immortal.


 "Amazing, kid. You have become an immortal at such a young age. Thinking back to when I was your age, I was still competing with my rival in love, hahaha." A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal laughed.


 "Thank you for guarding me during this period." The adult Duke Long bowed towards the Gu Immortal and said with great sincerity.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortal waved his hand: "You should have realized it by now, your identity is special. You are the Dao Guardian of the future Immortal Venerable, so your cultivation path will always be smooth, even if there are setbacks, it will only signify that you are going to reap even greater harvests later."


 "Heavenly Court needs you, the future Immortal Venerable needs you, humanity needs you. Kid, becoming an immortal is not your end point, it is just your starting point. You can’t get complacent, you can’t stop moving forward. We all need you."


 "Yes, I will persevere till I die. I will contribute every bit of my strength and every drop of my blood and sweat for Heavenly Court, for humanity, and for the future!" Duke Long swore.


 Middle age...


 "Rank eight cultivation, unimaginable... you actually accomplished this at your age!" Duke Tong said with a moved voice.


 "Perhaps we should say, worthy of a Dao Guardian? Hahaha, with you, Heavenly Court can be even more prosperous." Duke Mei laughed brightly.


 "I am flattered, seniors." The middle-aged Duke Long spoke modestly.


 Duke Mei and Duke Tong glanced at each other, the former said: "So, have you considered our suggestion? Become one of us, lead Heavenly Court and guide the future Immortal Venerable seed."


 Duke Long nodded with no hesitation: "Yes, I have already prepared myself!"


 "Hahaha, then from today onwards, you are Duke Long."


 "One of the three dukes of Heavenly Court, and also the most important one. Heavenly Court’s heavy responsibility will mainly rest on your shoulders."


 Duke Long nodded his head slowly and said with a solemn expression: "This is the path I have been pursuing. This is the expectation that my parents and the countless seniors I have met in life hold, it is the result that Heavenly Court and humanity needs! This responsibility... I, Duke Long, will undertake it with no hesitation!"


 Old age...


 "Come back, Hong Ting, you can still turn around!" Duke Long called.


 "Master, I failed to live up to your teachings and expectations, I am sorry, but I must revive them!" Red Lotus did not turn around, disappearing into the night.


 Duke Long closed his eyes in pain, his body on the verge of collapsing. The disciple he had taught with all his heart for so many years chose to walk on such a path.


 "I guided an Immortal Venerable to become a Demon Venerable, I have sinned!" Duke Long knelt before Duke Tong and Duke Mei.


 "Get up, get up quickly." Duke Tong and Duke Mei held Duke Long’s arms and consoled him.


 "You need to have faith, Duke Long, we still have hope."


 "It is not your fault, Duke Long, we have all seen the efforts you have put in. It is Hong Ting who has disappointed us, not you."


 "No." Duke Long shook off the two’s hands and said with an extremely solemn expression: "He is my disciple, if he is walking on the wrong path now, it is my mistake! It is my sin! I must pay for this, I will stake all my strength to make up for this mistake!! For Heavenly Court and for humanity, even if I have to give up everything, I will pull Red Lotus back to the righteous path!!!"


 And finally, in his twilight years...


 Duke Long was sitting cross-legged in the hall, his head lowered and his hair was disheveled.


 Two trails of tears quietly trickled down his face.


 In front of him on the cold floor were the corpses of people he was familiar with, these were dragonman corpses.


 The pain in his heart submerged everything and roared like a tsunami, threatening to drown Duke Long.


 He was originally blessed with the joys of familial bonds, but who could have thought he would have to suffer such an impact in his twilight years. What was even more sad was that the killer of his children and grandchildren was he himself!


 This was the tragedy that he singlehandedly created.


 "It is my fault, back then I should not have..." Duke Long’s voice was choked with emotions. He slowly raised his head, his gaze seemed to be under extreme weight as he slowly looked at each corpse. Joyful conversations and laughter along with blissful scenes of him with his grandchildren surfaced in his mind.


 "It is not your fault, my children! Everything is my fault!" Duke Long’s back bent down, he used his powerless fist to pound his chest, light thumping sounds echoed in the hall.


 "I was negligent in my care towards you, I did not guide you well, you ended up walking on the wrong path. I was wrong, I am not a good master, I am also not a good ancestor. But for the prosperity of humanity, for Heavenly Court, I had to sacrifice you."


 "Believe me, I never wanted this outcome. But I have no choice, I might be a dragonman but my heart has always stood with humanity. I cannot let you disrupt the rule of humanity, that is the result gained after countless generations sacrificed themselves. And most importantly, your roots also lie in humanity!"


 "If you want to blame someone, then blame me, I cannot beg for your forgiveness neither do I dare to do that. Let me bear all the sins, let me pay for them!"


 "My children... I cannot bring myself to separate with you. You will merge with me, we will never be apart! As your ancestor, I have failed you and did not give you a beautiful life and stable environment to live in. But this is all I can do."


 "I, Duke Long, am just a dying old man."


 Present...


 The fifth sword flew towards Duke Long so fast that it was already in front of Duke Long!


 Whoosh.


 There was a soft sound, time seemed to have been slowed down by countless times.


 Duke Long’s head lightly separated from his neck.


 Blood flowed out slowly and spurted out just as slowly.


 He was beheaded by Fang Yuan with one slice!



***
Chapter 1950 The True Triple Qi Retraction


***





 



 "Lord Duke Long!!!" The Heavenly Court immortals’ horrified cries resounded, but to Duke Long, these voices became increasingly weaker, at the start, they were like roaring waves, but almost at the next moment, they became light echoes from the horizon.


 Is this the feeling of death?


 I, Duke Long, am finally going to die?


 Die here?


 Thoughts were still flashing past Duke Long’s mind.


 Die here?


 He asked himself again.


 Tired, I am really tired!


 He had walked till now while bearing heavy duty and expectations, he withstood the burden of endless sins.


 There were times when he really wanted to die!


 When he first stepped into the immortal graveyard and hibernated, he had let his imagination run wild: If I died like this, it feels like it might be a pretty good thing.


 But could he?


 Could he?


 He asked himself.


 No....


 He could not!


 He, Duke Long, lived all his life while carrying a heavy burden: He shouldered the expectations of his parents, master, and companions, he shouldered the responsibility of Heavenly Court and humanity, he took on the blame for his disciple’s betrayal and the calamity he caused, he took on the sin of exterminating his offspring by his own hands.


 He got injured, he got old.


 His back slowly bent down, his gaze slowly dimmed.


 He slumbered in the immortal graveyard, but when the time came, he crawled up and continued to bear his responsibility and mission!


 "That’s right, I cannot die, I cannot!"


 "I still need to deal with the enemies, I still haven’t cleared my sins, I still haven’t corrected my mistakes!"


 "The immortal graveyard is already destroyed, if I fall now, Feng Jiu Ge will not be able to salvage the situation alone. Heavenly Court will be destroyed by the enemies."


 "How can I fall now?"


 "I cannot fall!"


 "My companions need me, Heavenly Court needs me, humanity needs me!"


 "They need me, Duke Long!!"


 "So...."


 "No matter how tired I am, even if I am extremely exhausted, even if I hibernate in the graveyard, even if I die, even if I have been beheaded!"


 "I, Duke Long... cannot afford to fall!"


 "I need to stand up, I need to..."


 "Continue fighting!!"


 Instantly, as if the entire universe was responding to his unyielding will!


 A miracle happened!


 Duke Long’s dimmed pupils suddenly burst out with shocking light that rushed towards the sky. The blood that spurted out of his neck returned rapidly, the countless qi in the surrounding condensed and brought his head back to his neck.


 An extremely profound aura carried a true inheritance and entered his body, the wounds on his body started healing rapidly, he completely healed within a few breaths.


 "It is Lord Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s method! And this qi path true inheritance... so triple qi retraction can actually be used in this manner!" Duke Long immediately comprehended, great joy surfacing on his face.


 "Lord Duke Long, he has revived!" The miracle happened right in front of them, Heavenly Court’s morale bounced back.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was still tranquil: "It is Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s method. There was a backup after all!"


 "This is Heavenly Court’s foundation?" Wu Yong mumbled, his expression was dark, he felt powerlessness.


 Duke Long raised his head and floated in the air, he spread out his arms and legs as he said: "I, Duke Long, will not fall right now. Oh Fang Yuan, let me show you the genuine... Triple Qi Retraction!"


 "Triple qi retraction?!" This move’s reputation was too huge, the moment Duke Long said this, the three regions’ immortals slowed down their offenses in fright and uncertainty.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was also solemn, he had personally witnessed the terrifying might of triple qi retraction.


 Back then, Duke Long had used this move to determine his victory, directly defeating Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 "Triple qi retraction has a total of three styles: First style, human qi retraction; second style, earth qi retraction; and third style, heaven qi retraction. Human qi retraction greatly reduces a Gu Immortal’s human qi and their condition will fall sharply. Earth qi retraction will extract earth qi and cause heavy damage to the immortal aperture. Heaven qi retraction will extract heaven qi and combined with the damage from the previous two styles, the immortal aperture will shatter directly. If one is hit by the first style, the second style and third style cannot be blocked. So, the key is in the first style!"


 All kinds of information flashed through Fang Yuan’s mind.


 He moved his dragon body and retreated cautiously. Although he had transformed into an immemorial sword dragon and seemed to have gotten rid of his human status, he was not certain if human qi retraction could extract his human qi or not.


 Since this move was created by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, even if there was no transformation path back then, Duke Long would have definitely made relevant modifications to fill this gap.


 Whoosh!


 At the next moment, vast qi surged from all directions and winds moved like waves, gathering around Duke Long’s body.


 Endless amounts of human qi, earth qi, and heaven qi gathered in Duke Long’s body, turning into countless qi path dao marks while also drastically raising his power in every aspect!


 Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed: "What is this? Triple qi retraction’s three styles are being activated at the same time, plundering a vast amount of qi to empower Duke Long. Is this a condition triggered by Primordial Origin’s method?"


 Triple qi retraction’s effect had already deviated from its usual ability.


 Power, power, an unprecedented power!


 The feeling of power filled Duke Long’s body and mind. He stepped lightly, boom!


 The air below him directly exploded as his body flew like a purple meteor and appeared in front of Fang Yuan in an instance.


 Fast, extremely fast!


 But Fang Yuan had no fear since reverse flow protection seal was still activated.


 Boom!


 Duke Long’s fist struck his head.


 Fang Yuan was knocked down like a cannonball, he smashed into the ground, creating a deep pit.


 Reverse flow protection seal immediately appeared shallow and illusory from this attack.


 Fang Yuan shook his giant dragon head, shaking off the dizziness, when Duke Long appeared in front of his eyes again. Both sides were within one hundred steps.


 Duke Long charged over, his whole body emitted blazing qi that raised his mighty disposition to the extreme.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes were cold as he snorted inwardly.


 Whoosh—!


 Myriad Year Flying Warship had already been lying in ambush, and when Duke Long charged forward at this moment, it immediately pierced through the air, like a giant blade that cut towards Duke Long with a heavy shadow of death.


 Struck!


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was like a giant broadsword that cut Duke Long.


 Boom!


 Dust and soil flew before they were dispelled by the violent qi around Duke Long.


 Duke Long was struck by Myriad Year Flying Warship, he was half-crouching on the ground, one hand holding the ground while the other hand released a powerful strength as it grabbed the front bottom part of Myriad Year Flying Warship — he actually held off the whole of Myriad Year Flying Warship’s weight with a single hand!


 Crack, crack...


 A series of sharp sounds could be heard, the muscles on Duke Long’s hands bulged as he slowly pushed back Myriad Year Flying Warship inch by inch.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank slightly, the Myriad Year Flying Warship of this moment was not the same as before, it was merged with Twelve Zodiac battle formation and was enough to rank among the top five Immortal Gu Houses in the world!


 Duke Long actually resisted its full-powered collision with one hand.


 The strength amplification Duke Long received from triple qi retraction had far surpassed Fang Yuan’s estimation.


 Hah!


 Duke Long breathed out as he exerted strength and stood up, he brought his other hand together and actually threw Myriad Year Flying Warship far away.


 Fang Yuan observed the whole process with indifference, his dragon pupils reflecting Duke Long’s clear face. Fang Yuan swung his dragon tail and retreated quickly, leaving the Heaven Overseeing Tower battlefield.


 Duke Long’s speed already surpassed Fang Yuan’s but he could only watch as Fang Yuan left. Because at this moment, Dragon Palace and three Immortal Gu Houses were attacking Feng Jiu Ge. Feng Jiu Ge had to split his attention to resist them, so destiny song unavoidably weakened. Di Zang Sheng was free and charged towards Heaven Overseeing Tower once again!


 "Evil Dragon! Stop!" Almost in an instant, Duke Long appeared on Di Zang Sheng’s head.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Breath Mountain!


 An enormous translucent qi mountain took shape in a blink of an eye and pressed down fiercely.


 Boom, heaven and earth shook, Di Zang Sheng’s head was pressed down to the ground by qi breath mountain.


 Triple qi retraction increased the might of Duke Long’s qi path methods to a horrifying level.


 However, after using this move, the qi around Duke Long fell sharply by thirty percent.


 "A chance!" Seeing this, Five Elements Grandmaster, Wu Yong, and Zhang Yin attacked at almost the same time. Three long range killer moves attacked Duke Long.


 Duke Long did not dodged and also did not use self-moving dragon qi wall, he actually let the killer moves engulf his body.


 Smoke and fire rose, thunder rumbled.


 The dazzling scene dissipated, Duke Long was still standing in the sky, standing tall and upright.


 "Did you want to scratch my itch with these three small tricks?" Duke Long ridiculed loudly. The faces of Wu Yong, Five Elements Grandmaster, and Zhang Yin reddened with anger and shock.


 "Triple qi retraction!" Duke Long shouted once again.


 In an instant, vast qi surged and appeared from all corners of Heavenly Court before gathering inside Duke Long’s body within a few seconds.


 Rumble!


 Duke Long’s aura expanded once again, not only did he return to his earlier state, he even gained an extra layer. From the original ten feet, it broke through to twenty feet. The aura covered his whole body and the translucent fire burned high.


 Duke Long’s purple hair waved wildly and his scales shone brightly.


 Because of heavenly dragon’s last stand as well, Duke Long’s body right now had already far surpassed the size of an ordinary human, his body expanded several times and gave an extremely oppressive feeling.


 Di Zang Sheng roared, unreconciled as it lifted its giant dragon head out from the pit.


 Duke Long suddenly appeared to the side of Di Zang Sheng’s head and gave a straight punch. The huge force twisted Di Zang Sheng’s head and even its enormous body rolled away, destroying countless buildings of Heavenly Court in its way.


 But Duke Long no longer cared about these, everything had to prioritize Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 In the previous life, Di Zang Sheng’s battle strength could match Duke Long’s, but in this life, it was directly suppressed!


 If it was said that Feng Jiu Ge used the profundity of destiny song to defeat Di Zang Sheng, then Duke Long suppressed Di Zang Sheng by relying on his own strength.


 "I understand now. Although I destroyed the immortal graveyard, Heavenly Court still exists. When a Gu Immortal joins Heavenly Court, they will contribute their immortal aperture; countless grotto-heaven worlds merged together to form the current Heavenly Court. Every immortal aperture is a balance of three qi and contains heaven qi, earth qi, and human qi. Currently, Duke Long is using triple qi retraction not against us but on Heavenly Court." Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved lightning fast as he deduced the general details.


 Heavenly Court’s three qi were naturally exploited by Duke Long and it could even be said to be an infinite supply. With such a powerful supplement, Duke Long’s battle strength exploded and suppressed Di Zang Sheng with just his body.


 But out of Heavenly Court, the killer move triple qi retraction would lose such might. No such vigorous triple qi were around in the outside world and they could not be used by Duke Long freely.


 That meant, Duke Long’s strength had limitations, he must stay inside Heavenly Court.


 However, even though Fang Yuan saw through this weakness, it was useless.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower was also inside Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan had to strive to destroy fate Gu, so he could not bypass Heavenly Court or the current Duke Long!



***
Chapter 1951 Deadlock


***





 



 "No matter how strong Duke Long is, he is only one person. Charge! We will attack together, Heavenly Court’s defensive line is so wide, let’s see how he will defend it." Wu Yong shouted, his sharp gaze containing a trace of restlessness. Duke Long’s astonishing performance had already triggered subtle changes in people’s hearts, he could not let him act so unbridled!


 Wu Yong controlled Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and took the lead, this move immediately made the Immortal Gu Houses around him start attacking once again.


 Duke Long snorted, he suddenly disappeared and appeared to block Wu Yong’s path. His expression was grim and was about to attack Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building when Dragon Palace also attacked him.


 Immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!


 Duke Long stared with wide eyes as he had no choice but to dodge.


 One skill to dominate the world!


 Facing the dream path killer move, no matter how strong he was, Duke Long did not dare to test it.


 His evasion immediately made Wu Shuai, Wu Yong and others let out a sigh of relief.


 Duke Long’s mighty image that gave a feeling of being invincible was broken by this action.


 The three regions’ immortals’ falling spirits became concentrated again.


 "Fortunately, he dodged it." Thin beads of sweat covered Wu Shuai’s head.


 Dreamy light smoke might be a dream path killer move but it had a limited strength. Facing such a powerful Duke Long, it was like using a small fish net to capture a giant shark.


 Duke Long could not resist dream path killer moves, the giant shark could definitely be trapped, but what about after that? The shark would struggle to break free and could tear the small fish net.


 Back to the present, even if Wu Shuai captured Duke Long, it was far beyond Dragon Palace’s ability to force such a powerful expert inside the palace, let alone suppress him.


 The final conclusion might very well be Dragon Palace crumbling apart while Duke Long would be temporarily trapped inside a dream realm. But there was Feng Jin Huang who could deal with dream realms and quickly rescue Duke Long.


 So, Wu Shuai’s move was only a bluff. Duke Long took the bait because he was not aware of this dream path killer move’s details.


 This was also why Gu Immortals kept their killer moves hidden and would not display them easily. And when they showed their killer moves several times, they would actively modify them.


 Duke Long retreated, the three regions’ immortals led a massive attack once again under Wu Yong’s lead, using this opportunity to gather and attack.


 "Hmph, besides Lord Duke Long, Heavenly Court also has us!"


 "You will definitely pay for underestimating us."


 "With us around, don’t even think of succeeding."


 At the crucial moment, Zhu Que Er, Bai Cang Shui, Zhao Shan He and others of Heavenly Court’s main force stepped forward, welcoming the violent attacks without fearing death.


 "A bunch of old geezers. How much time do you even have left?" Hua Cai Yun sneered, countless thunder clouds shot out from beside her.


 Boom boom boom!


 The thunder clouds detonated ahead of time, they were all accurately intercepted by Yu Zhu Zi.


 "How much time? We never cared! As long as we have a breath of life in us, we will crawl out from our graves!" Yu Zhu Zi shouted and pushed forward the back of his hand, a large patch of jade powder flew forward like fog.


 "Retreat!" Facing the unknown killer move, Hua Cai Yun did not dare to test it and immediately retreated to be on the safe side.


 "We will never lose this battle! Do you know why?" Zhou Xiong Xin wore a white robe and had thick eyebrows and a square face. He used information path methods, shooting out countless white arrows.


 "Because since three million years ago, we have always been the pioneers of the eras, the backbone of humanity, the heroes of Central Continent. We will never forget the disgrace of becoming slaves to variant humans, we will never forget that peace is something we have fought for using our lives, and we will never forget that the happiness of the people needs to be guarded by each generation."


 "As for you, you are petty people who don’t care about endangering humanity for your selfish interests. Short-sighted fools who cannot even see the future! Come, no matter what methods you have, no matter how many times you attack, you will only receive defeat!"


 Zhou Xiong Xin shouted loudly, his endless arrows became stronger with his words; using attack as defense, the arrows forced back Five Elements Grandmaster, Yi Hao Fang, and other rank eights. They could only prioritize defense, the offense they had just started as well as their morale shrank rapidly."


 "Look, this is our Heavenly Court’s perseverance!" Zhu Que Er and Prince Feng Xian combined their skills, flames surged and formed a completely new defensive line, firmly blocking the charge of several rank seven Immortal Gu Houses.


 "Hmph, a bunch of babbling geezers. The immortal graveyard is already destroyed now, after killing you, let me see who else will stand up in Heavenly Court?" A famous expert in Northern Plains’ history, Liu Hui had just finished speaking when he felt his vision darken.


 Duke Long suddenly appeared right before him!


 Boom!


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Claw Strike!


 Liu Hui’s whole body let out a bright green light, his defensive killer move was activated with full power. But it only lasted for a second before it shattered, his whole body was slashed into pieces.


 Liu Hui died immediately from Duke Long’s one attack.


 Five Elements Grandmaster and others quickly retreated in fright, entering their respective side’s Immortal Gu Houses.


 Duke Long swept his gaze around the battlefield and shouted: "You colluded with the otherworldly demon and attempted to overthrow Heavenly Court, you are all traitors to humanity. You don’t understand, even if we battle to the death, our three qi will still remain. This is the grand qi of humanity, it will last forever with mountains and the land itself. Triple qi retraction!"


 Boom!!


 A huge explosion sounded, the whole sky turned dark. Three qi flocked and gathered into Duke Long’s body from all areas of Heavenly Court.


 Duke Long’s translucent blazing qi expanded wildly, giving a heart-shaking feeling to everyone.


 Immortal killer move — Great Qi Hand Explosion!


 Duke Long stretched his left arm and spread his five fingers, his palm pointed towards a rank seven Immortal Gu House.


 At the next moment, he clenched his left hand.


 Bam.


 Great qi exploded, the rank seven Immortal Gu House split into pieces, exploding into countless fragments. Immortal Gu were all destroyed, the Gu Immortals inside also met with calamity, none survived and only bones, blood, and meat pulp were left behind.


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals were horrified and stupefied.


 Heavenly Court’s side cheered loudly.


 "This is Heavenly Court’s power!" Inside Demon Judgment Board, Qin Ding Ling’s eyes shined brightly. Fang Zheng, however, was silent as he was shaken mentally.


 The shock was not only to Duke Long’s strength, there was also a kind of turbulence going on in his mind.


 At this moment, Fang Zheng began to understand the spirit of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals!


 "Yes." Fang Zheng thought inwardly: "If there were no Heavenly Court in history, could there be the current human race? Generations of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals cleared away obstacles with their blood, making countless sacrifices to bring about the rule of humanity. Comparatively, Fang Yuan and these people disregard the big picture, destroying fate Gu is giving the variant humans a chance to rise up. They are indeed traitors to humanity."


 Swish!


 Right at this time, a sword light pierced through the battlefield, bringing forth a soft sound and a bloody figure.


 Zhu Que Er slowly fell to the ground like a sparrow whose wings were cut, her body was directly slashed into two halves.


 Immortal killer move — Five Finger Fist Heart Sword!


 It was Fang Yuan! He was sinisterly roaming at the edge of the battlefield in his immemorial sword dragon form.


 "Fang Yuan!" Heavenly Court’s immortals were furious.


 Fang Yuan sneered: "I am here for my own interests! I don’t give a damn about what you are, you can be noble or insignificant for all I care. Today, I will destroy fate Gu, I will kill whoever dares to stop me, if an immortal blocks me, I will slay the immortal, if a demon comes, I will slaughter the demon in my way! Heavenly Court? Since you obstruct my path, you will meet with the same outcome!"


 "Hmph, demon! You need to be executed!"


 "Kill him!"


 "Murderer, I will crush you to pieces!!"


 Heavenly Court’s immortals cursed.


 Roar—!


 Di Zang Sheng recovered and collided into the defensive line again.


 Dragon Palace cooperated and used dreamy light smoke.


 Wherever the dream path killer move went, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals evaded. Feng Jiu Ge gave a light sigh, activating a killer move and turning it into a song warrior.


 The song warrior threw itself into the dreamy light smoke. Dreamy light smoke thus had no more offensive ability and returned like a python that had eaten its fill.


 Feng Jiu Ge could not directly break the dream path killer move, but he was able to block it by using this method.


 Destiny song resounded once again, Di Zang Sheng roared discontentedly but was without options, and was once again suppressed by Feng Jiu Ge.


 Far away, Spectral Soul and his servants had already arrived in front of a treasury.


 Looking back at the battlefield, Fairy Zi Wei sighed: "I did not think triple qi retraction still had this use. Duke Long’s battle strength has risen to an astonishing level. Adding on Feng Jiu Ge’s assistance, Heavenly Court’s defensive line looks to be on the verge of collapse but is actually able to keep on lasting."


 According to overall strength, Heavenly Court was naturally stronger.


 But they had to defend Heaven Overseeing Tower and were thus extremely passive, even Duke Long was shackled by this.


 Duke Long could easily kill rank eight Gu Immortals or rank seven Immortal Gu Houses, and Fang Yuan could similarly kill Heavenly Court members easily by using five finger fist heart sword. Duke Long had to leave the defensive line and choose to fight Fang Yuan far away.


 If these two were allowed to attack the other side’s Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan would not feel even a little heartache, but Heavenly Court needed enough manpower to defend the place. Duke Long would never let Fang Yuan continue his slaughter.


 On the contrary, if Fang Yuan endured Duke Long’s attacks, wholeheartedly attacking Heavenly Court’s main force was also an option. But if he chose to do this, he would have to bear Duke Long’s heavy attacks. Fang Yuan was not willing to do this, after all, he and the other three regions’ Gu Immortals allied only because of the situation. Sacrificing himself for them was too stupid and too risky.


 Thus, Fang Yuan and Duke Long pinned down each other.


 Feng Jiu Ge instead became the core of the battle, he took charge of Heaven Overseeing Tower’s defense while blocking Dragon Palace and Di Zang Sheng. His battle strength surpassed both enemies and allies’ expectations time and again.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan narrowed his eyes: "Now, we just have to see who can break the stalemate. The crucial point is fate Gu. Heavenly Court has already harvested the success dao marks, but the refinement path Gu formation is destroyed, can Yuan Qiong Du alone be able to restore fate Gu in time? Master, if we interfere now, can’t we seize fate Gu?"


 Spectral Soul laughed: "What will we gain by snatching it? Don’t think that they are fighting with all they have got, they are still holding back. There is more to this situation than meets the eye! The past venerables have gotten involved in this battle. We will talk after plundering this treasury and getting back the Door of Life and Death."


 "Yes, master!"



***
Chapter 1952 Responsibility and Sacrifice


***





 



 On the side of a sect’s mountain, the landscape was green, clear water flowed by it and birds’ chirping could be heard.


 "Little Du, what are you lying on the ground for?" A gentle and soft voice could be heard.


 "Senior sister." The young Yuan Qiong Du opened his eyes and saw a girl bending over to look at him with her bright and smiling eyes.


 The girl’s gaze moved to Little Du’s hand and let out a gasp: "Wha, Little Du, you refined a rank three Gu again. You are really amazing."


 "But I am not happy, you know I don’t like cultivating refinement path." Yuan Qiong Du stood up while mumbling.


 "Don’t be so dispirited, your talent is envied by so many people." The girl patted his shoulder and consoled.


 But Yuan Qiong Du was still dispirited and his head slumped forward.


 "Haha, how about this, I will share a secret with you. Few days ago, I found clues to a Gu Master inheritance in my father’s study room, it is hidden at some corner of the mountain. What do you think, do you want to search for it?" Senior sister’s beautiful gaze turned towards Yuan Qiong Du.


 As expected, teenage Yuan Qiong Du could not endure boredom, his eyes brightened when he heard what was said: "There is such a fun thing? Wonderful, our sect’s mountain has inheritances left behind by predecessors after all. Gu Immortal inheritances are extremely rare but Gu Master inheritances are plentiful. Tell me the clues quickly, senior sister."


 "Okay. The clue is a line of a poem, I have been pondering about it these few days, I will read it to you." Senior sister did not conceal it, and this was only a Gu Master inheritance. Her father was also Yuan Qiong Du’s master, a Gu Immortal existence.


 Yuan Qiong Du clapped his hands after hearing it just once: "I understand. The clue is solved like this, match the first and last characters, then match second and the second last characters; it gives us a location."


 Senior sister pondered for a bit and jumped with joy: "So it is there! Little Du, you are really smart, you guessed it immediately."


 "Let’s go find it quickly." Yuan Qiong Du moved ahead.


 "Wait for me." Senior sister quickly followed.


 "Don’t worry, senior sister, I will give this inheritance to you, I won’t snatch it from you, haha." Yuan Qiong Du’s figure disappeared into the depths of the mountain forest.


 Finally, the two found the inheritance inside a mountain cave.


 "This is a fire path inheritance." Yuan Qiong Du and his senior sister inspected the inheritance carefully: "Will flame? A fire that uses will as the fuel. This method is quite original and stunning. How did the Gu Master who created it think of this? Interesting. Eh, this name, how could it be master?"


 Yuan Qiong Du was extremely surprised.


 Senior sister also felt surprised, saying uncertainly: "They might just have the same name?"


 Yuan Qiong Du, however, pondered and his eyes shone: "Maybe not! Senior sister, I remember you saying that you found this clue in master’s study room."


 "Yes, I was tidying up father’s bamboo scrolls, you know my father’s hobby is to collect these antiques. And by chance, a bamboo stick slipped from an aged scroll, and on it was the inheritance clue." Senior sister recalled her memory.


 "This inheritance was set up by me when I was young." Right at this time, Yuan Qiong Du’s master slowly walked into the cave and appeared before Yuan Qiong Du.


 Walking alongside him was Yuan Qiong Du’s sect uncle, who was short in stature, had a round face, and looked amiable.


 Yuan Qiong Du and his senior sister quickly bowed and greeted at the same time: "We pay respects to master (father) and sect uncle."


 Yuan Qiong Du curled up his lips: "Master, are you making fun of your disciples?"


 "Of course not." His master shook his head, looking at the inheritance in Yuan Qiong Du’s hand with a trace of reminiscence.


 "Hahaha, you clever brat." The fat sect uncle pointed at Yuan Qiong Du: "Your master and I just returned from Spirit Resonance Peak, we were just chatting along the way when we discovered your traces. I can guarantee that this inheritance was indeed left by your master during his youth. He wholeheartedly liked fire path back then and used five years to painstakingly gather primeval stones and purchase a rank three fire path Gu."


 "But master clearly cultivates water path." Yuan Qiong Du’s eyes were wide open, having not expected his master also liked fire path, like him, when he was young.


 "There was no other choice." The fat sect uncle sighed: "Our sect’s water path inheritance required an inheritor. How could an individual’s preference compare to the sect’s situation? Every Gu Immortal inheritance needs to be inherited from generation to generation. Every inheritor will improve the inheritance on the foundation of their predecessor, making the inheritance keep up with the times and not be eliminated. This is our responsibility. When your master gave up fire path, he personally arranged this inheritance. I was there at that time and saw him crying his eyes out."


 "Cough cough." Yuan Qiong Du’s master interrupted: "Since you two discovered this inheritance, then it shall belong to you. Let’s go."


 The two seniors left, leaving behind Yuan Qiong Du and his senior sister in the cave.


 "Junior brother, I cultivate wood path, I don’t need this, so I will give it to you." Senior sister also said goodbye to Yuan Qiong Du.


 Yuan Qiong Du gazed at the inheritance in his hand, slight waves undulated in his heart as he mumbled: "Master..."


 He opened his eyes again.


 Yuan Qiong Du saw that he was still inside Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 "Damn it! I suffered a backlash during the refinement and fainted!" Yuan Qiong Du’s heart pounded madly as he recalled the scene.


 The biggest taboo in Gu refinement was to be disturbed. It did not matter how heavy his injuries were, the main thing was whether fate Gu was alright or not. This was related to the plan that Heavenly Court had been executing for millions of years!


 Yuan Qiong Du was almost already without hope.


 As the only Gu Immortal to refine Gu, he had actually fainted. Could fate Gu, that was the target of the refinement, be unharmed?


 Fate Gu would not be destroyed because of this, but it was very likely that most of the previous restoration results would disappear, it might even return to the original damaged state.


 Right now, Yuan Qiong Du could only hope fate Gu’s situation was slightly better, his and Heavenly Court’s countless years of efforts must not go to waste.


 But when Yuan Qiong Du raised his head to look at fate Gu, he was stunned.


 "What?!"


 A lump of fire had taken his place in the Gu refinement, fate Gu was quietly lying in the fire and was just half a step away from complete recovery.


 After the shock, warmth surged in Yuan Qiong Du’s heart.


 This was his will flame!


 A fire which used will as fuel, he had obtained it from his master’s inheritance when he was young. Later on, he cultivated refinement path but did not forget fire path as well, he continued to improve the will flame and developed it to immortal level.


 "Will flame has already become my most familiar and most skilled Gu refinement method. I probably activated will flame unconsciously when I fainted!" Yuan Qiong Du guessed.


 This was not the first time this happened. In fact, throughout his life, in his countless Gu refinement experiences, there were many times when will flame took his place in emergencies. Every time he was unable to hold on, he would activate will flame to temporarily replace him and stabilize the situation.


 After countless times, using will flame at the crucial times had already become his subconscious habit.


 Yuan Qiong Du let out a breath of air.


 He looked at the burning will flame quietly while thinking: "Rather than calling it a habit, more accurately, this is a type of responsibility."


 He thought of his master and smiled: "Responsibility... Master, looks like I haven’t disappointed you."


 Yuan Qiong Du knew his condition, his injuries were too heavy and he was not able to continue the Gu refinement. But hope was in front of him, he used his last bit of life and willpower to reinforce this lump of will flame.


 "Burn, burn more." Yuan Qiong Du mumbled, he used his own life to light the will flame!


 The will flame burned quietly, the fire brightened and became extremely stable.


 Inside the fire, fate Gu finally moved past the final step, it achieved complete recovery!


 While Yuan Qiong Du was already lifeless.


 Like his master, like his senior sister, and like the countless Heavenly Court’s seniors, they had given their blood and sweat for the cause of Heavenly Court, using their own lives to build the foundation of Heavenly Court!


 He was a true hero even in death!


 Heavenly Court’s foundation, the large Central Continent was paved with blood and sacrifices.


 The will flame dissipated.


 "Hehehe." Cong Yan’s weak laughter resounded in the quiet top floor of Heaven Overseeing Tower: "Yuan Qiong Du has already accomplished his task, it is our turn now."


 "But with our state, even transmitting our voices is troublesome, let alone activating Heaven Overseeing Tower." Che Wei said, his tone was quiet and deep.


 Cong Yan replied back almost as if he was not worried: "There is still a way. The immortal essence remaining in my aperture is enough for me to activate my trump card, isn’t it so coincidental?"


 Che Wei and Cong Yan were close friends, Che Wei immediately realized Cong Yan’s meaning: "Don’t do this, if you absorb my injuries, you will die immediately."


 "What is there to fear about death? Right now, our companions are fighting outside, the defensive line is on the verge of collapsing, they probably don’t have the chance to send anyone else. Brother Che Wei, we have known each other for many years, your abilities are stronger than mine. But your journey has not been completed yet, you will soon create your own path, I really look forward to it... but it is such a pity that I won’t be able to witness it."


 As Cong Yan spoke lightly, a light blue radiance spread from his body and covered Che Wei.


 The two Gu Immortals had wounds everywhere, even their bones and flesh were smashed in. But following the blue light’s effect, Che Wei’s body began to recover while Cong Yan’s became more severe.


 "My friend..." Che Wei closed his eyes before opening them, two trails of tears flowed down quietly.


 Cong Yan was dead, Che Wei’s injuries were still severe but he used all his strength to barely crawl towards fate Gu.


 "Activate, activate... I beg of you." Che Wei’s vision turned dark, he poured in all his immortal essence and could only pray quietly at this point.



***
Chapter 1953 Fang Yuan Falls


***





 



 A long time seemed to have passed, but it was only an instant.


 The grand Heaven Overseeing Tower began to slowly let out a pure-white light, the light gradually grew brighter and began to rise.


 Several breaths later, the light shot to the sky and illuminated the whole battlefield like an emperor had descended!


 The chaotic and violent battlefield paused immediately.


 Almost all Gu Immortals raised their heads and looked towards Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals were pale and ashen, while tears and snot flowed down the faces of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


 "Rank nine fate Gu has been restored!"


 "Yuan Qiong Du did not fail us! He did it! This is too amazing."


 "Heaven Overseeing Tower has returned to its peak state, we have won!"


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals cheered, their morale rose to the peak at once.


 "Retreat, retreat!" Be it Wu Yong, Yao Huang, or Shen Cong Sheng and others, they all shouted to retreat with no intent to battle.


 Bing Sai Chuan was still controlling Calamity Luck Altar, he transmitted his voice to Fang Yuan with an unresigned expression: "Do something quickly!"


 Fang Yuan’s immemorial sword dragon transformation, however, began to retreat rapidly.


 Duke Long gave up on Fang Yuan and used dragon gate to rapidly travel to Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 "Fate Gu, fate Gu..." When he saw the completely intact fate Gu, he could not restrain his intense emotions anymore, tears flowed down as if he was released from a heavy burden.


 The one who had injured fate Gu back then was his disciple Red Lotus, to make up for this mistake, Duke Long resolved himself and took on the heavy responsibility of restoring fate Gu.


 "Hong Ting, master has atoned for your mistake. I did not let down Heavenly Court, I did not let down humanity!" Duke Long took deep breaths before he regained his cool. He looked outside the tower with a sharp gaze.


 "Now, it is time for you all to die!" Duke Long shouted and activated Heaven Overseeing Tower’s strongest offensive method.


 Immortal killer move — Fate Vanquish!


 Light, light that filled heaven and earth, it was omnipresent, illuminating the universe and people’s hearts.


 In just an instance, all the rank seven Immortal Gu Houses in the battlefield crumbled, the Gu Immortals inside fortunately survived.


 Even Calamity Luck Altar and Dragon Palace were in miserable states. Bing Sai Chuan, Wu Shuai, Zhan Bu Du and others immediately used all their efforts in repairing the Immortal Gu Houses.


 The surviving historical rank eight experts of Northern Plains dissipated after the light shone on them.


 Countless year beasts and swordsmen of Fang Yuan that caused disaster to Heavenly Court were mostly destroyed, blood flowed like a river.


 Mao Li Qiu’s perfect pair killer move was forcefully broken, Di Zang Sheng was suppressed to the ground and was actually unable to get up immediately!


 Only Fang Yuan’s immemorial sword dragon form was completely safe.


 He was a complete otherworldly demon who could not be targeted by the killer move fate vanquish and had a natural immunity towards it!


 "Only you remain now, Fang Yuan!" Duke Long stared at the immemorial sword dragon with an intense killing intent and hatred.


 It was this otherworldly demon that destroyed the immortal graveyard, destroying the largest portion of the millions of years of foundation of Heavenly Court!


 This sin could not be forgiven, he must suffer a cruel death!


 Boom—!


 Duke Long flew out of Heaven Overseeing Tower and pierced through the sky towards Fang Yuan.


 "Block him, stop Fang Yuan!" Duke Long roared, his voice resonated throughout the whole Heavenly Court.


 Destiny song started in time as Fang Yuan’s retreating speed fell sharply.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Current Scissors!


 Duke Long neared and opened his palm; countless sharp qi currents formed extremely sharp qi blades that shrouded Fang Yuan like a storm.


 Fang Yuan canceled reverse flow protection seal and charged through the qi blades’ encirclement, leaving behind a bloody trail in the sky.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship quickly flew over and reunited with Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan stepped on the deck and transformed into the immemorial year monkey, he then turned around and waved his arm. Immortal killer move — Summer Fan!


 Wild winds surged, scattering all of the qi current scissors.


 Fang Yuan stomped on the deck, Myriad Year Flying Warship gave off a buzzing sound and let out dazzling radiance as it activated a time path killer move — Myriad Year Hunting.


 Splash splash splash.


 The River of Time phantom under Myriad Year Flying Warship continued to bubble, countless year beasts were summoned once again and participated in the battle, spreading out everywhere.


 At this time, Feng Jiu Ge moved ahead of Duke Long.


 Immortal killer move — Submission Song!


 Immortal killer move — Song Warrior!


 Submission song’s power condensed into human form as it ran amok through the army of countless year beasts. Wherever it went, the year beasts, regardless of strong or weak, betrayed Fang Yuan and submitted to Feng Jiu Ge.


 "Great job!" Even Duke Long felt surprised and joyous at this sight.


 Previously, Feng Jiu Ge had been using destiny song mainly to maintain the battlefield and was unable to use other methods. Now that there was a chance, he immediately showed his abundant methods.


 Duke Long once again neared Myriad Year Flying Warship and used killer moves like world shaking dragon hammer alternately, destroying daybreak swords. Cracks spread in Myriad Year Flying Warship and large numbers of Gu worms died instantly.


 Fang Yuan was forced to retreat again and again, he had to use all his strength to repair Myriad Year Flying Warship while also blocking Duke Long and Feng Jiu Ge’s joint attacks.


 "It is our turn to counterattack!" Prince Feng Xian led the wave of counterattack.


 A sharp phoenix cry resounded, his whole body transformed into a phoenix. He spread his wings and flew, fire burned everywhere he went and turned into a sea of fire.


 Bai Cang Shui attacked almost at the same time from the other end of the defensive line, pale towering waves shot out.


 Jun Shen Guang was like a meteor as he moved across the battlefield.


 Zhou Xiong Xin was accompanied by fierce information path tigers. Vortex Space Boy and Ye Qiao Zi attacked together. Zhao Shan He and Yu Zhu Zi once again used sitting and eating the mountain empty against the enemy Immortal Gu Houses.


 Previously, because of Duke Long’s might, the three regions’ Gu Immortals were all withdrawn inside the Immortal Gu Houses.


 Facing Heavenly Court’s wave of counterattacks, Calamity Luck Altar, Dragon Palace, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, and other Immortal Gu Houses were unable to resist and retreated while fighting.


 Heavenly Court’s side continued to push with Heaven Overseeing Tower and Demon Judgment Board as the cores, continuously reducing the movement area of the three regions’ Gu Immortals.


 Qin Ding Ling also flew out of Demon Judgment Board and used all kinds of luck path methods to amplify her side’s offenses to the maximum degree. After all, the enemy Gu Immortals were hiding inside Immortal Gu Houses, they could not attack casually and had to use the Immortal Gu Houses’ methods.


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals were forced to retreat again and again, their conditions were already bad because of fate vanquish. Most of the Gu Immortals had to concentrate on repairing the Immortal Gu Houses, they could only endure the beating passively.


 With no alternatives, Mao Li Qiu, Wu Yong, and some others took the risk to fly out of the Immortal Gu Houses and fought Heavenly Court’s side to strive for precious time for the repair of the Immortal Gu Houses.


 "Hold on! If we can’t hold on now, leaving Heavenly Court will only be wishful thinking."


 "Be careful of Heaven Overseeing Tower, especially fate vanquish!"


 "How is Fang Yuan’s situation? Only he can resist fate vanquish."


 Like in the previous life, the immortals entrusted their hopes to Fang Yuan once again.


 Despite many of the Gu Immortals hating Fang Yuan, the current situation forced them to rely on him.


 But what disappointed the immortals was that Fang Yuan’s situation was also similarly bad.


 He was being pincer-attacked by Feng Jiu Ge and Duke Long, he was barely resisting the attacks with the help of Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 The killer move fate vanquish with fate Gu as the core had no effect on Fang Yuan. But Feng Jiu Ge’s destiny song that was only rank eight was of an even higher plane, it not only included fate but also contained luck.


 Luck was naturally effective against Fang Yuan. Before this, Fang Yuan had used luck path methods many times to help in his cultivation.


 Destiny song was effective against Fang Yuan, greatly weakening him, almost offsetting the amplification from heroes among people.


 On the contrary, Duke Long could not enjoy heroes among people but he was empowered by heavenly dragon’s last stand, triple qi retraction, and destiny song, increasing his battle strength to an unimaginably shocking level.


 With Duke Long attacking and Feng Jiu Ge supporting him, Fang Yuan was unable to take them head-on and had to retreat again and again.


 "Heavenly Court cannot be defeated!" Duke Long’s punches and kicks exploded the air as they landed on Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was like a small raft in a storm, it was sent flying and crashed on the ground.


 "Fang Yuan, here’s another move for you." Duke Long charged down like a meteor, wanting to collide directly.


 Fang Yuan looked at the sky and snorted, golden lights shone around Myriad Year Flying Warship as the Twelve Zodiac battle formation separated and transformed into a grey stone giant.


 The giant stood on Heavenly Court’s ground and waved its hands, attacking Duke Long head-on.


 Boom!


 An explosion rang, Duke Long collided with the giant. Killer moves clashed, creating a powerful explosion.


 The terrifying heat wave inflated like a giant balloon before bursting on the spot.


 Tornadoes and shock waves engulfed everything, Fang Yuan and the almost crumbling Myriad Year Flying Warship retreated smoothly using this propulsion force.


 Whoosh.


 Wind roared as Duke Long’s monstrously tall figure suddenly appeared behind Fang Yuan.


 Immortal killer move — World Shaking Dragon Hammer!


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk rapidly, he did not have the time to even turn around as he activated reverse flow protection seal.


 Rumble!


 Reverse flow protection seal finally reached its limits and broke apart.


 Fang Yuan suffered Duke Long’s attack, although he had transformed into the immemorial year monkey, his back was almost pierced.


 The enormous force sent Fang Yuan flying. After he fell to the ground, his body was dragged along the ground, leaving behind a long trail of blood and only stopping after crashing through three Immortal Gu Houses.


 Duke Long gave a muffled groan, his body was shaking. Reverse flow protection seal reflected external attacks, the strength he struck Fang Yuan was also reflected to him in full, he had to suffer an even more serious impact than Fang Yuan. After all, Fang Yuan had reverse flow protection seal to weaken the strength of the attack as well as the powerful body of the immemorial year monkey.


 Duke Long panted heavily, he was not able to move immediately and concentrated on healing his wounds quickly.


 At the edge of the battlefield, the immortal treasury was already looted clean by Spectral Soul and his servants, but they had yet to find the Door of Life and Death.


 "Strange, the Door of Life and Death was clearly placed here." Fairy Zi Wei frowned.


 "Looks like Duke Long has hidden many things from you." Spectral Soul said coldly. The Door of Life and Death was a secluded domain of heaven and earth and contained countless souls. Its importance to Spectral Soul was huge, but unfortunately, they could not find it.


 "Master, Fang Yuan is not able to hold on, do we give him a hand to maintain the stalemate and get more time for ourselves?" Old Man Zheng Yuan asked.


 Spectral Soul gazed at the battlefield and when he saw Fang Yuan’s position, he suddenly smiled: "There is no hurry, there is still a venerable who has not made a move yet."


 Fang Yuan was collapsed in his own pool of blood in front of Embroidered Tower.


 Three blood skins of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable were sewn in the air. Blown by the violent winds of the battlefield, these three blood skins actually loosened and waved around like banners.


 In an instant, Fang Yuan sniffed a dense, fishy stench of blood!



***
Chapter 1954 Pursue — Freedom!


***





 



 Fang Yuan’s whole body was bathed in blood and filled with injuries. He snorted coldly and stood up, looking at Embroidered Tower in front of him.


 Embroidered Tower was originally a mortal object that was left by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable to his disciple Star Constellation as her dowry. But according to the customs back then, its symbolic meaning was much greater. Later, when Star Constellation became Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, she turned Embroidered Tower into an Immortal Gu House that had extremely mystical powers.


 Over a million years ago, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable invaded Heavenly Court. He stormed through Heavenly Court, passing Immortal Emperor Court, Hidden Space Pavilion, Sumeru Lake, Eternal Sand Cave, Million Heavenly King Gallery, Embroidered Tower, Central Great Hall, and finally stopping at Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable suffered some loss when he reached Embroidered Tower, Embroidered Tower used its trump card method — Dao Embroidery. Seven embroidery needles flew out elegantly. Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was forced to discard three pieces of his skin before he was able to go past it.


 These three bloody skins were sewn into the air by countless dao mark threads.


 After that, Embroidered Tower’s damage could not be repaired. And later, it was used to attack Spectral Soul in Yi Tian Mountain, the new damage added to the previous ones. This damage ruined Embroidered Tower and it could not be of any use right now.


 Not only Fang Yuan, even Duke Long and other Gu Immortals saw the movement of the three bloody skins in the air above Embroidered Tower!


 They looked like three bloody banners, fluttering savagely in the wind.


 The left banner had a bird drawn on it, the bird had six legs but no wings.


 The middle bloody banner had a drawing of a beast which was getting increasingly clearer. It opened its mouth but had no teeth.


 The right bloody skin had a fish, it grew increasingly vivid and lifelike but it was clear that it had no gills.


 Blood skins made wild sounds like an ancient gale that crossed a million years and roared in people’s ears. Or like a grand army that went to battle, clashes and collisions of steel and horses resounded!


 The blood banners’ fluttering continued to amplify in commotion, they were like volcanoes that had been suppressed for countless years or like wild beasts that had accumulated their energy and was about to strike their prey!


 Roar—!


 The wild beasts roared.


 They violently broke the dao mark threads that bound them, and turned into three blood red lights that landed around Fang Yuan.


 Three beastly bizarre and resounding roars sounded and the blood red light dissipated, revealing three enormous beasts.


 A glowing monstrous yellow bird that was like a small mountain, its six legs were thick and rough, its beak was hard and long, but it had no wings.


 An azure-blue leopard with a big belly was sprawled on the ground, it kept on yawning and one could see it did not have even a single tooth.


 And a fish with dark green scales was floating in the air, its head was raised high and its mouth was closed tightly. There was no trace of gills next to its eyes. The huge fish was motionless like a jade statue.


 The immortals were shaken, even Duke Long’s expression turned solemn as he halted his attacks.


 "There is an abnormality in the three bloody skins left by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable!"


 "These three monsters have such shocking auras."


 "Did Fang Yuan trigger a venerable’s method?"


 "Wait a second, these three monsters, why do they resemble those three recorded in \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e?"


 \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e, chapter four states —


 Ren Zu wandered alone on the vast land, his hair was disheveled and he seemed to have lost his mind: at times, he wailed, at times, he sat down in a daze, and at times, he laughed like a fool.


 Fate Gu’s manipulation had separated him from his children, he also lost wealth Gu, Ren Zu was forced into a state of madness.


 "Who am I? Where am I? What am I doing?" Ren Zu was at a loss and went crazy again.


 One morning, a group of birds ran past Ren Zu.


 These birds did not have wings, their six legs moved alternately as they ran on the ground, raising clouds of dust in their path.


 Ren Zu jumped with joy when he saw these birds.


 "So I am a bird!" He also spread his legs and ran wildly, joining the bird group.


 The birds growled strangely towards Ren Zu: "You are a human, you use two legs to walk, you are not a bird. Leave, don’t disturb us, we are pursuing freedom Gu, we want to retrieve our freedom."


 Ren Zu asked: "Why are you all searching for freedom Gu?"


 The birds said with a heavy tone: "We once possessed freedom Gu, but we did not realize that. Only after losing it, we found that we no longer had wings and could not fly anymore. When we regain freedom, we will be able to spread our wings and soar to the sky again."


 Ren Zu realized: "I understand, humans also need freedom. If humans don’t have freedom, they will be like birds who have lost their wings."


 "Right! I remember now!" Ren Zu clapped and laughed madly: "I also need to search for freedom to get rid of fate’s shackles. After that, I can go wherever I want to go, and be with whomever I want to be forever."


 The birds casted a strange look at Ren Zu: "Oh human, how can you have such preposterous thoughts?"


 "Look at us, how can birds not have wings? So, chasing after freedom is part of our duty."


 "But you humans are destined to be alone, all gatherings will end up in separation. Oh human, you want to pursue freedom but you also need to abide by your nature, you should not indulge in wild fantasies."


 Ren Zu scratched his head, puzzled: "Is that how it works?"


 The birds left behind their last words: "Oh human, let us give you some sincere advice. If you obtain freedom in the future, you must cherish it, don’t be like us and let go. Don’t let freedom Gu fly away, otherwise you will regret it."


 After Ren Zu parted ways with the birds, he slowly forgot his identity and goals once again.


 One afternoon, a leap of blue leopards passed by him.


 The insane Ren Zu saw the group of leopards and shouted in joy: "So I am a leopard."


 Ren Zu rushed into the group.


 But the leopards pushed him away and shouted: "You are a human, not a leopard. You use two legs to walk, while we have four legs. Leave, don’t disturb us. We are pursuing freedom Gu, we want to retrieve our freedom."


 Ren Zu asked: "Why are you searching for freedom Gu?"


 The blue leopards looked depressed: "Sigh, we once possessed freedom Gu, but we did not realize it. Only after losing it, we found that we no longer had teeth and could not bite and tear apart our prey. When we regain freedom, we will be able to eat happily again."


 Ren Zu realized: "I understand, humans also need freedom. If humans don’t have freedom, they will be like beasts with no teeth."


 "Right!" Ren Zu clapped and laughed madly: "I need to search for freedom to get rid of fate’s shackles. I will possess countless delicacies and wines, endless wealth, and all kinds of comfortable and beautiful clothes."


 The blue leopards were stunned before laughing loudly as they mocked Ren Zu: "Oh human, how can you have such preposterous thoughts?"


 "Look at us, how can beasts not have fangs or claws? So, chasing after freedom is part of our duty."


 "But you humans were born with empty hands and will pass away with nothing. Oh human, you want to pursue freedom but you also need to abide by your nature, you should not indulge in wild fantasies."


 Ren Zu scratched his head, unsatisfied: "Is that how it works?"


 The leopards left behind their final words: "Oh human, let us give you some sincere advice. If you obtain freedom in the future, you must cherish it, don’t be like us and let go. Don’t let freedom Gu fly away, otherwise you will regret it."


 After Ren Zu parted ways with the leopards, he slowly forgot his identity and goals once again.


 One evening, a school of fish swam past him.


 Ren Zu saw the fish and shouted in joy: "So I am a fish."


 Ren Zu joined the fish group and tried to swim like them.


 There was a commotion in the fish group as they pushed Ren Zu away and shouted: "You are a human, not a fish. You use two legs to walk, while we have no legs. Leave, don’t disturb us. We are pursuing freedom Gu, we want to retrieve our freedom."


 Ren Zu asked: "Why are you searching for freedom Gu?"


 The fish sighed: "We once possessed freedom Gu, but we did not realize that. Only after losing it, we found that we no longer had gills and could not breathe in the water again. When we regain freedom, we will be able to swim in the water again."


 Ren Zu realized: "I understand, humans also need freedom. If humans don’t have freedom, they will be like fish with no gills and cannot breathe."


 "Right!" Ren Zu clapped and laughed madly: "I need to search for freedom to get rid of fate’s shackles. I will breathe freely and live on forever, I want eternal life!"


 The fish sneered: "Oh human, how can you have such preposterous thoughts?"


 "Look at us, a fish must have gills, so chasing after freedom is part of our duty."


 "But you humans are destined to have no relation with eternal life, you will die of old age and illnesses. Oh human, you want to pursue freedom but you also need to abide by your nature, you should not indulge in wild fantasies."


 Ren Zu frowned, feeling irritated: "Is that how it works?"


 The fishes left behind their final words: "Oh human, let us give you some sincere advice. If you obtain freedom in the future, you must cherish it, don’t be like us and let go. Don’t let freedom Gu fly away, otherwise you will regret it."


 After Ren Zu parted ways with the fishes, he slowly forgot the advice of the birds, leopards, and the fish.


 "I am a human, I need to pursue freedom!"


 "I need to get rid of the shackles of fate, I want to live forever with my loved ones, I want to enjoy life with enough wealth, I want to live on forever."


 Many beings that walked past Ren Zu heard him, they shook their heads and stayed away from him.


 "Let’s quickly leave, he is Ren Zu and he is talking nonsense again."


 "He has already gone mad completely."


 "How could he dare to have such thoughts?"


 One day, freedom Gu flew towards Ren Zu on its own accord.


 Ren Zu was joyous as he grabbed it.


 "Oh freedom, I finally obtained freedom." Ren Zu was extremely happy but also felt puzzled as he asked freedom Gu: "This is really strange, the wingless birds are pursuing you, the toothless beasts are pursuing you, the gill-less fish are pursuing you, but you flew to me, what is going on here?"


 Freedom Gu replied: "I didn’t fly to you, human, you once used attitude Gu to bully me, used love to bind me, and used wealth to bribe me. I loathe and hate you! I flew over because I was attracted by the cognition Gu on you."


 Cognition Gu floated out of Ren Zu’s body and explained with a smile: "Ren Zu, because you have gone mad, you are thinking deliriously all the time. A human that desires companionship forever, a human who has an extravagant hope of living a life with no worries, a human who pursues eternal life; what else can this be other than a lunatic?"


 Freedom Gu sighed: "Freedom of cognition is the greatest freedom. These delirious thoughts can strengthen me. Ren Zu, although you captured me, I will never work for you. Release me now!"


 Ren Zu shook his head and grasped even tighter: "Freedom Gu, I will not let you go."


 Freedom Gu sneered: "Then prepare yourself, don’t collapse from the pressure."


 The moment it finished speaking, responsibility Gu flew over, pressing on Ren Zu’s shoulder.


 "Heavy, so heavy!" Ren Zu almost bent over from the pressure.


 Cognition Gu sighed: "Freedom and responsibility coexist, oh Ren Zu, you want to obtain freedom so you need to shoulder the responsibility. At least, you need to be responsible for yourself."


 Ren Zu clenched his teeth and persevered, sweat flowed down his body like a river, soon, he knelt down on the ground.


 He saw spider webs again.


 Fate Gu’s spider silk wrapped around his whole body. Ren Zu was barely shouldering the heavy responsibility and had no strength to break free from the spider silk’s bindings.


 Fate Gu’s spider silk constricted tightly, forming blood wounds everywhere on Ren Zu’s body.


 Ren Zu shouted: "What is going on?"


 Cognition Gu explained: "Oh human, the more freedom you experience, the more you will feel the restriction around you."


 Freedom Gu laughed: "Just let me go, the longer you hold on to me, the more spider silk will bind you, the binding will become tighter and will even constrict you to death!"


 Ren Zu shook his head: "No, I won’t let go, oh freedom Gu, I must have you!"


 Countless spider silk pierced into Ren Zu’s flesh, Ren Zu howled in pain and rolled on the ground but did not let go.


 "Hahaha!" Ren Zu began laughing foolishly again: "I can sense a Gu far away. Just this feeling alone makes me happy and satisfied."


 Cognition Gu admitted frankly: "That is natural. Whoever obtains freedom Gu will also be able to sense the location of happiness Gu."


 Ren Zu continued to persevere, he cried in pain at times and laughed happily at other times. The spider silk constricted tightly, tearing into his bones and leaving deep marks on them, but Ren Zu still did not loosen his hands.


 In the end, he fainted from the pain.


 After a long time, he slowly woke up.


 Fate Gu’s spider silk was no longer constricting him, responsibility Gu also did not exert heavy pressure, while cognition Gu had disappeared.


 "Wait, what about freedom Gu?" Ren Zu did not sense freedom Gu’s existence, and in his moment of panic, he opened his hands.


 The moment a gap appeared, freedom Gu flew away and left Ren Zu behind.


 Humans often did not understand freedom when they possessed it, only after losing it, they would come to a sudden realization.


 Ren Zu was stunned when he saw freedom Gu flying away, he remembered the advice of the birds, leopards, and fish, he felt extremely regretful.


 He tore out his hair painfully and rolled on the ground.


 "I am better off dead." Ren Zu was overwhelmed with grief: "I would rather lose love, I would rather lose my life, I don’t want to lose freedom!"



***
Chapter 1955 Crucial Person at the Crucial Time


***





 



 In Heavenly Court’s battlefield, be they enemies or allies, everyone’s gazes were gathered at one place!


 Fang Yuan looked around him, he was surrounded by the three giant monsters. But the three giant monsters did not do anything to him, they were instead guarding him and looking at the surroundings with hostility, their affiliation could be seen with one glance.


 "Reckless Savage Demon Venerable..." Fang Yuan’s expression was one of shock.


 "Even if Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s method is helping you, you will still be defeated!!" Duke Long shouted, his voice resounding throughout the surroundings. He swooped down from the air like a red meteor, his determination did not waver even in front of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s method — He was going to exterminate all demons, he would quell all opposition in the world!


 Immortal killer move — Qi Breath Mountain.


 Duke Long’s palms aimed at Fang Yuan from afar and pushed.


 Rumble!


 With a loud sound, a giant qi mountain pressed down towards Fang Yuan and the three monsters.


 Through triple qi retraction, Duke Long had a massive amount of qi path dao marks. Right now, all his qi path killer moves like qi breath mountain had their power amplified by countless times.


 This qi mountain was much larger than before, its composition was also extremely solid. Be it in quality or quantity, both had a breakthrough!


 Seeing this scene, whether it was Wu Yong, Bing Sai Chuan or others, they all revealed solemn expressions.


 Just this qi breath mountain was difficult to resist, the best method was to dodge. But after qi breath mountain, there was a monstrous expert like Duke Long who could block all escape routes!


 Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and was about to move.


 But right at this moment, one of the three monsters transformed from the blood skins, the giant blue leopard, suddenly opened its mouth and took a deep breath.


 Boom.


 The whole qi breath mountain shrank rapidly and was absorbed by some formless force into the blue leopard’s belly!


 The immortals were given a great shock, food path cultivator Zhao Shan He’s pupils shrank as he saw signs of food path from the blue leopard’s body.


 Even Duke Long was stunned.


 This powerful qi breath mountain was actually broken this directly.


 After the blue leopard swallowed the qi breath mountain, its shriveled belly bulged by ten percent. Its eyes glistened as it stared at Duke Long with a chilling gaze like it was looking at a luxurious dinner!


 Duke Long was utterly fearless, the three monsters might be unfathomable, but he still charged towards Fang Yuan. His speed even increased, bursting the air and producing sonic booms.


 Fang Yuan was fully prepared for combat when one of the three monsters, the green fish, moved.


 It only waved its tail slightly when it appeared before Duke Long all of a sudden. Its speed was so fast that it looked like instant teleportation, but it did not feel abrupt at all, everything happened smoothly and fluidly!


 Duke Long’s field of vision had been wide a second ago, but now, his whole sight was filled with the enormous body of the fish monster.


 The fish monster slammed its head fiercely.


 Boom!


 The monster’s head directly sent Duke Long flying with speed that was faster than earlier when he arrived.


 He possessed transformation path and qi path dao marks, he was unprecedentedly strong. After using triple qi retraction several times, he did not even need nine dragons protection to guard against ordinary rank eight attacks! But when he knocked into the fish monster’s head, he felt like he had used his bare fist to strike a boulder!


 In an instant, all the bones in Duke Long’s body shattered, his internal organs almost burst from the force, there were massive amounts of internal and external bleeding.


 "Triple qi retraction!" Duke Long shouted, his sharply declining qi surged immediately.


 Duke Long immediately activated qi path healing methods, and with shocking speed, his injuries recovered in a few breaths of time.


 But because he chose to heal himself, he let himself crash through all the way, directly crashing into the boundary of Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court was a shared grotto-heaven, its limits were the aperture walls. Duke Long crashed into the aperture walls, the enormous force that still remained in his body poured into the aperture walls in the sky.


 The immortals heard a loud collision, then they saw several cracks suddenly appearing in the sky behind Duke Long before quickly spreading like a spider web.


 The immortals could not help but draw in sharp breaths.


 The strength of the fish monster’s attack was simply unimaginable! Even Duke Long seemed to be unable to resist it.


 And the fish monster was only an arrangement left behind by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, it had already existed for over a million years but it still had such might.


 If so, how much strength did Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, who left this method, have?


 Simply unimaginable!


 The immortals recalled the evaluation about Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, he was publicly recognized as the venerable with the highest physical strength.


 And now they saw this sight, it was truly so!


 "This is Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s method!"


 "We have not lost yet, we can still fight."


 "Lord Duke Long has returned, his injuries have recovered and his aura has become even stronger!"


 "What are you afraid of? We have the fully repaired fate Gu, the heavenly fate sides with us!"


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals felt shocked and exulted at the unexpected reinforcements of three powerful beings, and their morale soared. Heavenly Court’s immortals similarly had a high morale, they had complete confidence in fate Gu and Duke Long.


 Duke Long once again swooped in and fought with the three monsters. But he learned his lesson this time and prioritized using qi path’s long range attacks, avoiding close combat.


 These three giant monsters’ strength was truly horrifying, even Duke Long did not want to be sent flying so miserably again.


 His battle tactic was wise, the three giant monsters had terrifying strength but they had almost no methods.


 After exchanging a dozen or so moves, Duke Long got a clearer understanding of them.


 The six legged yellow bird’s speed was extremely fast and could shoot out yellow lightning from its mouth, but it was unable to fly. Its beak was extremely hard and sharp, even able to pierce through Immortal Gu Houses.


 The green fish monster could float around with speed that was akin to teleportation of space path, it appeared extremely seamlessly and caught enemies off-guard. It could recover from any attacks almost instantaneously. Its strongest aspect was this — a horrifying regeneration rate that was much stronger than Duke Long using his qi path healing methods. But it had a weakness, its attack was fierce but the tempo was slow, the frequency of attacks was also quite low. After attacking once, it would be still for a while before it could attack again.


 As for the toothless blue leopard, it could fly by stepping on air. Its strongest method was to devour all attacks. Not only this, it could even devour the heroes among people killer move from Gu Immortals’ bodies. This sight made Zhao Shan He feel dazzled. His food path methods were far from being able to devour amplifications, this contained food path profundities that he did not possess. If he could comprehend this, his enlightenment of food path would definitely progress one step further!


 At the same time, the toothless blue leopard’s greatest weakness was also this almost innate devouring ability. Every time it devoured, its belly would bulge. After Duke Long and others intentionally fed it various attacks, the toothless blue leopard’s belly had become round and full, it started having trouble moving.


 However, even though Heavenly Court’s side had probed the three monsters’ details, they still could not defend against them and were gradually falling into a disadvantage.


 The three monsters had flaws, their strengths and weaknesses were extremely conspicuous. But no one dared to block their brutish rampage.


 Adding in Fang Yuan, Wu Yong, Bing Sai Chuan, Shen Cong Sheng, Song Qi Yuan, and the rest supporting from the side, as well as restraining and getting rid of Heavenly Court’s various methods, Heavenly Court’s side was in a passive situation.


 The three monsters’ target was Heaven Overseeing Tower, they seemed to have an enormous hatred towards fate Gu.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower did not dare to confront the three monsters’ power, it could only retreat constantly. To defend Heaven Overseeing Tower, Duke Long shouldered huge pressure and was heavily injured time and time again, retreating to heal his injuries before joining the battle again. His purple hair was swaying wildly, his eyes were bloodshot, his whole body was bathed in blood that dyed his scales completely! His fighting spirit kept on rising, it had not fallen once.


 Both sides fought around the three monsters and Heaven Overseeing Tower. The attacks went back and forth, it was highly intense. The battle kept on moving, wherever it went, the aftermath of the terrifying killer moves destroyed everything, creating countless ruins. The great Heavenly Court that was managed meticulously by Gu Immortals was heavily damaged from this battle.


 Just as the three regions’ Gu Immortals were firmly holding onto the upper hand, Heaven Overseeing Tower suddenly stopped.


 At the next moment, immortal killer move fate vanquish burst out again.


 "Careful!" Wu Yong shouted. The three regions’ Gu Immortals were already on guard and reacted quickly.


 After the white light dissipated, explosions resounded in Heavenly Court battlefield once again as the battle resumed.


 But this time, Heavenly Court held the momentum. The three regions’ Gu Immortals could only defend while repairing the Immortal Gu Houses’ and their own injuries.


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals gradually found their footing. Compared to the first fate vanquish attack, their situation was much better. The reason was that they had three giant monsters to rely on.


 The giant monsters rampaged around the battlefield, under their attacks, Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were gradually dragged into a stalemate before being suppressed by the three regions’ Gu Immortals again.


 At this time, Heaven Overseeing Tower activated fate vanquish again.


 After this happened over and over again, the whole of Heavenly Court was filled with ruins.


 The three monsters’ aura had clearly fallen, the Gu Immortals’ offense was also not as fierce as before. They were at a point where they had to consider the issue of immortal essence expenditure.


 "Damn it, the situation is becoming increasingly bad." Wu Yong’s face was solemn, the three monsters were weakening from the repeated devastation of fate vanquish


 "Back then, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable failed in his invasion of Heavenly Court, these three giant monsters are only arrangements left by him, they naturally won’t be able to resist the power of fate vanquish!" Bing Sai Chuan’s heart was turning cold.


 If the three regions’ Gu Immortals failed to obtain a breakthrough when the three monsters were still active, they would definitely suffer a miserable and disastrous defeat after that.


 This was something extremely obvious!


 But Heavenly Court’s side used the wisest battle tactic. They moved continuously while avoiding the enemy’s attacks, making the enemy expend more energy. Especially, when fate vanquish activated, the advantage the three regions’ Gu Immortals obtained with difficulty turned into nothing, everything went back to square one.


 And because they had Demon Judgment Board and Heaven Overseeing Tower, there was always a base camp around the front lines. The moment the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals faced danger, they could hide inside, thus there were no casualties. Naturally, this was also because the offense had weakened as both sides were beginning to conserve immortal essence.


 "Master, the situation does not look good. Even Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s method cannot change the outcome. The current Heavenly Court has an intact fate Gu after all." Far away, Fairy Zi Wei was analyzing coolly.


 Spectral Soul had already recovered his human form but his body was translucent. He held his hands behind his back as he observed the battlefield before glancing at the far away Imperfection Regret Pavilion.


 Inside Imperfection Regret Pavilion, the two venerables’ silhouettes were still playing chess.


 The chessboard was already filled with chess pieces, but the mysterious thing was whenever the venerable silhouette put down a piece, there would always be another free spot.


 However, compared to before, the frequency of the two venerables placing the chess pieces had reduced by a lot.


 Star Constellation’s silhouette held a chess piece and looked at the chessboard before glancing towards Spectral Soul’s direction.


 "Are you okay with this? Spectral Soul stole a portion of the results of our game." Star Constellation’s silhouette said.


 Limitless’ silhouette laughed: "Since he could get free and even steal our results, this is his own capability. These gains will help him, I am looking forward to the day when he can reach the realm that we were unable to reach."


 Star Constellation’s silhouette was silent for a while before sighing: "You are truly a pure Dao pursuer."


 "Unfortunately, heaven and earth is a cage that stopped me from pursuing my Dao." Limitless’ silhouette said: "Which is why I want to pursue freedom."


 Star Constellation’s silhouette immediately refuted: "Your freedom, however, will break this cage. And we both know what kind of scenery exists outside this cage!"


 Limitless’ silhouette shook his head: "Our positions are different, saying anything else is of no benefit."


 His silhouette was becoming increasingly illusory right now, only his eyes were still bright and letting out sharp lights. Limitless’ silhouette held a chess piece and looked at the chessboard for a long while, but he did not place the piece.


 This match had already reached the most crucial point.


 On the chessboard, Limitless’ silhouette’s situation was very bad, he was greatly disadvantaged. His pieces were surrounded from every direction by Star Constellation’s silhouette’s chess pieces, she had an obvious superiority.


 Even though it was because of Heavenly Court’s accumulations, it was enough for Limitless’ silhouette to see the strength of his opponent, Star Constellation.


 Star Constellation’s will was resisting heaven’s will on one hand, while also making arrangements throughout the five regions, she thought of countless aspects, her plans spanned across the past and present, throughout the universe. Forget about the arrangements that made three venerables’ invasions fail, just look at the current situation, Spectral Soul had regained freedom but did not obtain the Door of Life and Death.


 This was probably Star Constellation’s ploy, even Fairy Zi Wei was in the dark, which was not likely to happen with just Duke Long’s scheming ability.


 Indeed, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was worthy of being the only wisdom path venerable in history!


 However, Limitless’ silhouette had not lost yet. His main chess pieces were all gathered together, the opponent could hardly defeat them. A forceful attack would definitely result in heavy losses, and it would also give the initiative to Limitless’ silhouette instead.


 But for Limitless’ silhouette to counterattack and break through by himself, he was still lacking some strength. The whole encirclement was a dense congregation of the plans of Star Constellation’s silhouette, if Limitless’ silhouette attacked rashly, he would fall into a trap.


 Thus, Limitless’ silhouette could only choose to defend while waiting for reinforcement.


 This game between two venerables that had started in the Olden Antiquity Era and continued for a million years, it had finally welcomed the most crucial moment!


 Indeed, Limitless’ silhouette still had reinforcements.


 He had waited for a million years for this aid, both sides were aware of it.


 "Now, we have to see the quality of our pieces." Star Constellation’s silhouette swept her gaze through the battlefield, when it stopped at Fang Yuan’s body, her gaze revealed complicated expressions.


 Limitless’ silhouette was similarly looking in the same direction, mumbling: "Oh Fang Yuan, you have been like this since the start. You... how long are you planning to conceal your abilities?"



***
Chapter 1956 A Man Must Be Cool!


***





 



 Fang Yuan had all along been fighting on the front lines.


 On one hand, he had been fighting with Duke Long and the rest, on the other hand, he kept on maintaining a cold and indifferent expression while pondering about the overall situation.


 But ever since Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s method activated, he had an extra voice resounding in his ears.


 "Have a good look, junior! The three monsters in front of you were transformed from my three immortal moves. These three immortal moves were created from the insights I gained after reading ’Pursuing Freedom’ in \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e, they were all created to pursue freedom."


 "First move — Thunder Rush Yellow Bird Transformation, it uses attitude Gu as the core. Have you ever envied birds and wanted to fly freely in the sky? However, we humans are restricted since birth, we don’t have wings, why even talk about flying? But an even crueler situation is like the wingless birds, they already experienced the wonderful feeling of flying but they lost their wings. No matter who you are, where you are, you will face all sorts of limitations. If we are unable to change, unable to break away from all these, we will be like wingless birds, pursuing freedom but unable to catch it, what should we do then?"


 "This is the core concept of this move, remember it, junior. Even if we face the strictest restrictions and are unable to pursue freedom, we still have a kind of freedom, we can freely choose what kind of attitude we use to face the cruel reality. Remember, your attitude is very important!"


 "Second move — Devouring Blue Leopard Transformation, it uses mutation Gu as the core. Freedom is not a bad thing, but it is also not a good thing either. It can make you better and can also make you worse, just like the effect of mutation Gu. The fierce beast lacks teeth, but does that mean it can’t live on? If it does not have the freedom to bite, what’s the harm in devouring the food? Maybe it can even train your digestive system to become stronger."


 "Third move — Internal Breathing Green Fish Transformation, it uses adaptation Gu as the core. Compared to it, how ugly does the world seem? We are assaulted by cruel facts, we are tormented by pain and hopelessness. When we are walking our respective paths, we will be covered in bruises sometimes, even being exposed with nowhere to escape. Humans change, the world is also going through countless changes, if we cannot keep up with the changes of time, we will be left behind by the whole world. Therefore, adaptation is key. If you don’t have gills, use your mouth to breath; if you don’t even have a mouth, then create a self-circulating internal respiratory system. Even if that means you have to walk slowly, even if you become nothing like a human in the end."


 The voice was powerful and forceful as it explained the origins and details of the three monsters. These monsters were transformed from three transformation path killer moves left behind by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable.


 After Fang Yuan triggered Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s method, this voice had peculiarly accompanied Fang Yuan, but no one else could detect it.


 "Is this Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s voice?" Just as Fang Yuan was guessing, the voice changed.


 From the stable and serious voice to a lively and flippant tone.


 "Hey, you have already spoken so much, it’s my turn, it’s my turn!"


 "Haha, kid, no matter who you are, you are definitely an otherworldly demon. Because only an otherworldly demon has hope of destroying fate Gu. So, when I left behind this true inheritance back then, I made it so that only an otherworldly demon can inherit it."


 "But besides this, you still need to possess at least one of three Gu worms - attitude Gu, mutation Gu, and adaptation Gu. These three Gu worms correspond to three killer moves that can trigger my killer moves. When you arrive in the sky above Embroidered Tower, you can summon the giant monsters transformed by the killer moves and they shall be your strongest helping hand."


 "Use them however you please, kill or loot if you like, or help people if you wish to. Of course, the best use would be to destroy fate Gu because seeing it really annoys me. Hahaha!"


 "Of course, if you can trigger all three moves, then you can merge them into one move! This is a super, super, super powerful killer move that I created with great effort!"


 "Once you grasp this move, you can use your human form to possess all the advantages of the three moves, moreover, there is no weakness in any aspect. That means, you will be like the wingless bird, moving as fast as lightning and shooting out lightning. You will also be like the gill-less fish, possessing extremely powerful regeneration ability. You will be like the toothless beast as well, devouring everything and storing them into your stomach."


 "Are you stupefied? Isn’t it super amazing? Hahaha, come, bow before me!"


 The flippant male voice spoke until here, when it seemed like it was kicked out and was replaced by the previous solemn male voice.


 "The final combination move is called incomplete freedom transformation, it has three cores - Attitude, Mutation, and Adaptation. It has numerous steps and is highly complicated. Although you can use the three monsters to merge them into one, which is much easier than you using them independently, I still ask you to not attempt it lightly. Because this move’s effect works on your body, if it fails, you will be heavily injured at best, or even die in severe cases. Bear this in mind, bear this in mind!"


 The heavy and solemn voice spoke earnestly, but soon, the previous flippant voice replaced it.


 "Please, what you said is not important at all! Kid, let me tell you the important point! Once you activate this move successfully, you will have the strength to suppress all immemorial desolate plants and immemorial desolate beasts, the three monsters’ methods will become your innate abilities. You will become a human shaped beast that can battle through heaven and earth, rampaging around all over the world unhindered! You will immediately possess quasi venerable battle strength!"


 "Of course, if you meet an old venerable like me, you will still kneel in the end."


 "But these are not the most important points. There is one most crucial point, you must remember it."


 Fang Yuan could not help but concentrate as he heard this.


 He then heard that flippant and lively voice continue: "The most important part of the most important thing is once you activate this move, the three monsters will combine into a bloody cape and will hang on your back. This cape is truly... super cool! Junior, you must try it, it is really too stunning, you absolutely won’t regret it!"


 Fang Yuan was speechless.


 Following the voice, all kinds of information flowed in his mind, allowing him to understand all the contents of the three killer moves clearly.


 Different from what the voice described, these three killer moves and the combination move were not complex at all and their steps were also not numerous.


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable lived in the Olden Antiquity Era after all, Gu cultivation styles were not overwhelming and were crude back then, unlike the present age’s delicate complexity.


 It was not difficult to master these killer moves, especially for Fang Yuan who possessed deep wisdom path attainment.


 "So, I should combine it like this..." Fang Yuan’s thoughts finished as he suddenly retreated and activated a killer move.


 In an instant, the three monsters that were fighting at the front lines turned into three light rays - yellow, blue, green - and entered Fang Yuan’s body.


 Such a strange change caught both sides unprepared.


 The three lights covered Fang Yuan, emitting a majestic aura that spread in all directions and repelled all beings and objects.


 The three lights merged quickly and turned blood red.


 The blood red light suddenly condensed into one and covered Fang Yuan’s back, turning into a large blood red cape.


 The cape fluttered with the wind like a war banner; the fluttering sounds echoed in every person’s ears.


 "What change occurred again?"


 "It seems like Fang Yuan inherited Reckless Savage true inheritance?!"


 Both allies and enemies were shocked once again.


 Looking at this familiar cape, inside Imperfection Regret Pavilion, Star Constellation’s silhouette recalled past memories.


 A million years ago, a man charged into Heavenly Court.


 He walked step by step, the ordinary steps, however, shook the land and sky of Heavenly Court.


 He was clothed in beast skin, his body was extremely robust with muscles bursting out. Tattoos covered all the skin on his body, portraying countless beasts and plants of all shapes and sizes, some were vicious beasts, some were smart and exquisite life forms.


 The aura he released was as lofty as mountains and as vast as oceans. The Heavenly Court immortals only took one look at him and felt a suffocating pressure.


 He was wearing a cape. This beast skin cape was extremely wide and was sewn using human skins. It suited a large physique like Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s, if this were an ordinary person, a large portion of the cape would be dragging on the ground.


 Every time Reckless Savage Demon Venerable killed a rank eight enemy, he would peel their skin and sew onto the beast skin cape. This was the custom of the beastman race, but Reckless Savage had learned and imitated it in his youth, before he became a venerable.


 An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth!


 Halfway through Heavenly Court, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable stopped in front of Embroidered Tower.


 In the air, Star Constellation’s will manifested: "Reckless Savage, you cannot destroy fate Gu. Your strength originates from your fate. It is like how you cannot lift yourself up without relying on other methods."


 "Of course I know this." Reckless Savage Demon Venerable laughed.


 "Then what did you come for?"


 "To fight!" Reckless Savage Demon Venerable raised his head and said it as a matter of fact with a flippant voice.


 Star Constellation’s will: "..."


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable continued to laugh: "After becoming venerable and being invincible in the world, I felt an intense loneliness! No one could fight with me, I have killed almost all those variant human rank eights, the old and weak ones that are still alive have all hidden themselves. I also don’t have the interest to find them. Looking at the five regions, only Heavenly Court is somewhat interesting. To protect fate Gu, you guys must have left behind many methods. Even Limitless was stopped by you back then. Come, use all your methods, let us have a match."


 Star Constellation’s will was silent for a long while before entering Embroidered Tower: "This Immortal Gu House in front of you is one of the methods my main body left behind."


 "Roar!" Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s eyes brightened: "If so, I am attacking!"


 The battle ended quickly.


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable clenched his fists and licked his lips, mumbling unsatisfied: "What is this, after just two or three moves, your Embroidered Tower is almost on the verge of collapse. But the start was pretty good. Relax, I won’t destroy your tower, we are all humans after all."


 "Also, I will leave behind these three bloody skins. This is my inheritance!"


 "No matter who, even if it is someone from your Heavenly Court, if they can inherit my inheritance, then it shall belong to them."


 "Treat it as a memento of my visit to Heavenly Court. Don’t dismantle it, hehehe."


 "I am really looking forward to it. I wonder which junior will obtain my inheritance, will they be shaken by my grand strength, or be bowled over by my incredible thinking?"


 "Haha, it naturally is best for this junior to destroy fate Gu. If they can’t do this, I will truly be displeased!"


 Star Constellation’s will was silent for a long while before speaking: "So your intention is to destroy fate Gu."


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable shrugged his shoulders: "That goes without saying. I have left my bloody skins here, if you have the skill, then destroy them! But I will leave you some kind advice, these three bloody skins are already connected with Heavenly Court’s dao marks. If you attack them recklessly, it will be the most direct attack towards Heavenly Court. Unless there is someone who has transformation path attainment rivaling mine, no one will be able to safely dismantle it."


 Star Constellation’s will spoke: "There is a better way for you to destroy fate Gu, be an Immortal Venerable, become the Lord of Heavenly Court and be in contact with fate Gu all the time. I think with your wisdom, you will definitely think of a way to destroy fate Gu."


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable directly shook his head without even thinking: "I don’t want to!"


 Star Constellation’s will frowned: "Why?"


 "Because the title of Demon Venerable sounds much cooler than Immortal Venerable!"


 Star Constellation’s will: "..."


 It was strange, when Reckless Savage Demon Venerable said this reason, it actually gave off a feeling of being a natural fact.


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable turned around and looked at himself before waving his arms: "Take a good look!"


 "Look at my thighs, they are so sturdy. Look at my arms, they are so muscular and well-defined."


 "This is beauty, this is coolness!"


 "And this cape, it is so bloody, it is also created from human skins, how domineering is it!"


 Star Constellation’s will was unable to think properly for a moment, it could only respond after a good while: "So, you created this cape not for payback and revenge against variant humans?"


 "Of course, there is the secondary reason, but the important thing is still its coolness!"


 Star Constellation’s will: "..."


 "Oh oh, right. These three bloody skins can combine into one move and its form is a bloody cape. It is quite similar to the one I use now. If there is a junior who wears it in the future, they will definitely be extremely cool beyond belief!"


 "Men!" Reckless Savage Demon Venerable raised his arms and bent his elbows, showing his bulging muscles and praising himself: "Must be this cool."



***
Chapter 1957 Final Showdown


***





 



 Because of the change in Fang Yuan’s body, the fight in the battlefield had paused temporarily.


 Duke Long was the first to react.


 Immortal killer move — Spiraling Dragon Fang!


 Fang Yuan’s condition was unknown, the three monsters actually transformed into a blood-soaked cape that hung on his back. Duke Long did not dare to be overconfident, he still had apprehension from the attacks of the three monsters, so he used a long range attack, spiraling dragon fangs, to probe.


 Dragon fangs, sharp as blades, danced in the air. Fang Yuan did not dodge, he wanted to test his current defensive strength.


 Chink chink chink!


 Dragon fangs slashed his body, producing a series of sparks. After wearing the bloody cape, Fang Yuan’s defensive strength had increased to an outrageous level.


 Duke Long’s pupils shrank at this sight.


 Fang Yuan’s current defensive strength was already much higher than his, there were at least white marks left behind on Duke Long’s dragon scales if he let the dragon fangs strike him. But there was no damage to Fang Yuan, not even a trace of marks or wounds could be seen.


 "The defensive strength is so astonishing, other aspects should also be similar." Looking at how Fang Yuan dealt with the dragon fang killer move, the immortals had such thoughts.


 Heavenly Court’s side was very wary, while the three regions’ Gu Immortals looked at Fang Yuan with eager anticipation.


 These Gu Immortals did not know that Fang Yuan’s ears were ringing with criticism at this moment: "Kid, you are the junior who inherited my true inheritance? Damn it, you look really ugly! Look at yourself, your face is like a woman’s, your arms and legs are so thin. How can your skin be so white and smooth? Where is your toughness as a man? Heavens! My inheritance is wasted in your hands."


 Fang Yuan: "..."


 During the process of combining the three monsters into incomplete freedom transformation, Fang Yuan needed to transfer his own will. However, after the bloody cape formed, Fang Yuan’s will transformed into Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s image, turning into Reckless Savage’s will!


 This method was truly inconceivable! This showed that Reckless Savage might be a transformation path Gu Immortal but he also had an astonishing attainment in wisdom path.


 However, Fang Yuan soon discovered that the source of the will transformation were the three monsters. As far as he was concerned, the so-called ’Reckless Savage’s will’ possessed no harm to him but had many benefits instead.


 Reckless Savage’s will could attend to the bloody cape and help maintain the killer move, he could even quicken Fang Yuan’s understanding of the true meaning behind incomplete freedom transformation!


 "Kid, make a move quickly. After so many years, there is not much left of the strength left behind by my main body. Quick, quick, charge, destroy fate Gu!" Reckless Savage’s will laughed loudly as he clamored in impatience.


 "You talk too much, can you shut up?" Fang Yuan replied indifferently.


 "Eh!" Reckless Savage’s will was stunned, he placed his hands on his cheeks and shouted in disbelief: "I was scorned upon! I, the great Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, was actually scorned by a junior! And by such an ugly guy at that!!"


 Reckless Savage’s will kept on mumbling. Who could have expected the domineering Reckless Savage Demon Venerable to be such a chatterbox?!


 Even without his reminder, Fang Yuan could sense that although incomplete freedom transformation was terrifyingly powerful, it consumed the foundation of the three monsters very quickly.


 This move had a time limit.


 "Since that is the case..." Fang Yuan squinted, looking at Heaven Overseeing Tower wickedly.


 At that instant, every Heavenly Court Gu Immortal controlling Heaven Overseeing Tower felt a chill in their hearts!


 "Be careful of Fang Yuan!"


 "He is attacking!!"


 "Steady, steady!"


 Heavenly Court’s side was tense, their nerves stretched to the limits.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan attacked. His figure crossed the sky like a bloody ray, he was directly charging towards the area with the most enemies — Heaven Overseeing Tower!


 Fang Yuan’s speed was so astonishing that even Duke Long, who was already fully prepared, felt a great shock.


 "Fang Yuan, stop!" Duke Long reacted and chased with all his strength.


 "Hehehe, it is finally getting interesting." On the edge of the battlefield, Spectral Soul laughed loudly and commanded: "Old Man Zheng Yuan, start, activate everybody’s vision. I want everyone in the world to see this interesting sight."


 "Yes, master." Old Man Zheng Yuan was a key that held the authority to activate Heavenly Court’s venerable human path methods.


 And this move, everybody’s vision, was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. Its unique power had been shown in Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 It used people’s united hearts as the foundation and could let Central Continent’s mortals, Gu Masters, and Gu Immortals share their vision. As such, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals could observe all the enemy activities in Central Continent and could even stimulate the hatred of Central Continent’s people, gathering even more human will.


 The more human will they accumulated, the more power the other human path killer moves like heroes among people would possess. In such a feedback loop, their strength would keep on growing stronger, this was the style that Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s killer moves had.


 Immortal killer move — Everybody’s Vision!


 In an instant, Central Continent was in an uproar, the five regions were in an uproar.


 "What in the world is going on?"


 "My eyes, my eyes have a problem!"


 Mortals were shocked.


 "It is the scene in Heavenly Court, what kind of method is this, it can allow everyone to witness the current situation!"


 "Which side has the upper hand?"


 Almost all the Gu Immortals of the five regions knew the inside story.


 In the previous life, Central Continent’s people enjoyed the effects of everybody’s vision, but in this life, because of Shen Shang’s interference, human wills of the five regions were gathered together.


 Because of this, everybody’s vision allowed everyone in the five regions to observe the battle in Heavenly Court.


 The first scene the five regions’ mortals saw was Fang Yuan fighting his way to Heaven Overseeing Tower!


 "Who is that person?" Even ordinary mortals felt intense suffocation when they saw Fang Yuan’s overbearing aura.


 "Fang Yuan, you won’t succeed!" At the crucial moment, Gu Yue Fang Zheng and Qin Ding Ling controlled Demon Judgment Board to defend in front of Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 "That is the rank eight Immortal Gu House — Demon Judgment Board!" The Gu Immortals who saw this scene, no matter which region they belonged to, cried out in shock.


 "Fang Yuan is not stopping, he is charging right into Demon Judgment Board!"


 "Has he gone crazy?"


 "This is a rank eight Immortal Gu House."


 However, at the next moment, the mouths of the five regions’ Gu Immortals opened wide in shock.


 Fang Yuan directly collided into Demon Judgment Board.


 The enormous collision force sent Demon Judgment Board flying, even though Gu Yue Fang Zheng and Qin Ding Ling were already controlling the Immortal Gu House with all their strength.


 "Get lost!" Fang Yuan shouted as he punched with great force.


 A huge dent appeared on Demon Judgment Board, countless fragments scattered and turned into Gu worm corpses.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng coughed out a large mouthful of blood and fell on the ground with a horrified expression on his face. Fang Yuan’s punch had almost pierced Demon Judgment Board!


 After Demon Judgment Board was knocked down, Fang Yuan stomped it fiercely, an enormous and irresistible force pressed down on Demon Judgment Board like a mountain and it rapidly fell to the ground.


 Fang Yuan jumped, his speed increasing as he continued charging towards Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 But the next moment, Duke Long had already caught up to Fang Yuan.


 "Fang Yuan!" He shouted wildly, his voice shaking the skies.


 Fang Yuan turned around, his bloody cape swung and he started punching, creating a storm of fist shadows!


 Duke Long had come prepared with a killer move, his palm pressed, it was qi breath mountain.


 His left hand then formed into a claw shape as he activated immortal killer move dragon claw strike, while his right hand clenched into fist and activated chaotic dragon fist. At the same time, he spat his fangs, they turned into countless spiraling dragon fangs which moved around his body. The dragon images of nine dragons protection on his body floated out on their own initiative.


 Bam Bam Bam Bam...


 Fang Yuan and Duke Long fought fiercely, exchanging blows with each fist hitting raw flesh.


 On one side was an inheritor of various venerables, an otherworldly demon, on the other side was a Dao Guardian, master of an Immortal Venerable. Their fight had broken the record of intensity in this battle so far!


 Just the aftermath of their moves resulted in wild winds that pushed away all the people and objects. The terrifying collisions could directly destroy Immortal Gu Houses. Even rank eight Immortal Gu Houses like Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and Calamity Luck Altar stopped fighting. Those rank eight Immortal Gu Houses even retreated far away.


 "Are these two monsters?"


 "What kind of terrifying fight is this!"


 The five regions’ Gu Immortals saw this scene through everybody’s vision, they gulped as their hearts pounded wildly.


 In the absence of a venerable, Fang Yuan and Duke Long’s fight could be considered to be at the peak level of the current world!


 Mortals gradually began to realize something.


 "This is incredible! We are looking at immortals!"


 "This world really has immortals!"


 "Fights of immortals really are too terrifying. Look quickly, even the heavens seem to have been broken by them."


 Mortals exclaimed in shock, the scene had far surpassed the limits of their imagination.


 The storm of attacks did not stop, both sides were in a deadlock.


 Duke Long could not receive amplification from heroes among people, but he had heavenly dragon’s last stand and destiny song’s help, as well as triple qi retraction. This method was an arrangement left by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, Duke Long was only a key to activating it.


 At the edge of the battlefield, Spectral Soul smiled as he looked at Fang Yuan and Duke Long’s battle: "Since it has already reached this stage, then let me push it further. Zheng Yuan, release all the human wills."


 Old Man Zheng Yuan was dazed, weren’t the human wills already released completely, were there any remaining? If there were, wouldn’t Old Man Zheng Yuan have used them before?


 However, Spectral Soul pointed towards a direction, Old Man Zheng Yuan astonishingly discovered there truly was a portion of human will stored in a corner of Heavenly Court.


 Spectral Soul’s understanding of Heavenly Court was actually clearer than Old Man Zheng Yuan himself!


 ’How many secrets of Heavenly Court does he grasp? Also, why would the past venerables retain a portion of the human will so secretly?’ Old Man Zheng Yuan was filled with questions.


 "You don’t need to guess, just release them. What happens next will give you your answer." Spectral Soul chuckled.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan had already submitted to Spectral Soul completely, he immediately nodded and activated his methods with no hesitation.


 The human wills were released completely!


 At the next moment, the power of heroes among people soared.



***
Chapter 1958 Complete Human Will


***





 



 The moment the human wills were released, both sides’ Gu Immortals seemed to hear whispers of countless people.


 "You must grow up healthily, my children."


 "Lovers being able to be married is truly a great thing."


 "May peace last for generations and generations. I’d rather be a dog living in peace than a person living in chaotic times!"


 "Kill these lawless people, place judgment upon these atrocious evil-doers!"


 "The righteous path will definitely be victorious."


 "I believe that fairness and justice might come late sometimes, but they will never be absent."


 "You must win, Heavenly Court. I can’t do anything, but I can pray for you."


 The morale of Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals soared, but soon, doubts surfaced on their faces.


 Their enemies similarly received amplifications, moreover, it seemed like the three regions’ Gu Immortals received a slightly stronger amplification than them?


 "Kill those righteous path hypocrites!"


 "Destroy Heavenly Court, it sits in an ivory tower, who knows how many generations of Central Continent’s people it has exploited!!"


 "Although I respect Heavenly Court’s spirit, I will never be able to achieve it. I am a Central Continent Gu Immortal, I admit my selfishness, I am only an ordinary Gu cultivator. However, Central Continent’s resources are plundered and occupied by the ten great ancient sects and Heavenly Court. Join Heavenly Court? That is too difficult. They even want me to offer my immortal aperture! How can I be willing to do that?"


 "Bring down Heavenly Court, the more losses Heavenly Court suffers, the less the pressure on our four regions when the five regions merge."


 "Heavenly Court has occupied the throne of the number one force for far too long. If it is overthrown, hehe, this will be interesting!"


 ...


 Both sides fought once again, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were astonished to discover that heroes among people’s effect on the enemies was indeed stronger than themselves.


 Why?


 Heroes among people is clearly our Heavenly Court’s method!


 Why was heroes among people helping the enemies more?!


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were bewildered as they began to fall into a disadvantage.


 Wu Yong led his alliance once again, he was the first to charge out of Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and began to valiantly pave a way through battle. At this moment, he fully displayed the prestige and courage of Southern Border’s Wu clan!


 His face was solemn and his eyes flickered with cold lights. The determination to destroy fate Gu had always been so intense and overwhelming!


 In the past...


 He stood in front of his mother Wu Du Xiu’s coffin, mourning in silence.


 While he felt pain, he found there was a feeling of release and delight in the depths of his heart.


 "Does this mean I am not filial?" Wu Yong questioned himself and slowly understood his true feelings: "No, it is not so. I am full of filial piety and respect towards my mother. But she was truly too strong, I could only choose to curl up and hide under her shadow. Now that she is gone, I finally have space to stretch myself."


 Returning to the present.


 Wu Yong’s determination was firm and his gaze was cold, he revealed the heated emotions inside his heart!


 "Therefore, be destroyed, fate Gu!"


 "I will mourn for you just like I mourned for my mother."


 "Only with you gone can I, Wu Yong, have the freedom to chase after my ambition!"


 On the other side, Calamity Luck Altar suppressed Demon Judgment Board.


 Bing Sai Chuan had never felt such power!


 Blood flowed wildly inside his body.


 "You still don’t realize it, Qin Ding Ling! Despite the fact that you were the person sleeping beside Lord Giant Sun."


 "Fate is fixed while luck is a variable. Why do you think Lord Giant Sun created luck path, why could he create luck path?"


 "From a certain perspective, this is the wish of countless beings for luck path to appear! When your life is fixed, when every encounter you have is already determined, is there still any meaning in living? What difference is this from puppets or mindless zombies?"


 "This is not my speculation, Lord Giant Sun said this to me personally!"


 "And I inherited his will, after three hundred thousand years, I am still staking my life to fight, I am an old man who is willing to fight for such an aspiration!!"


 Immortal killer move — Grand Collision!


 Shen Cong Sheng actually took the initiative to attack Feng Jiu Ge.


 Under Shen Cong Sheng’s attacks, Feng Jiu Ge had to retreat constantly, but he kept on maintaining destiny song, prioritizing on supporting his allies.


 Shen Cong Sheng roared: "Feng Jiu Ge! We are both sound path Gu Immortals, even if you can’t see it, can’t you hear it?"


 "Listen!"


 "These are the innermost voices of almost all the world’s people!"


 "They don’t want to be shackled any more, they thirst for freedom, even if this freedom is beyond impractical! Sometimes, people are like lunatics, they have foolish thoughts."


 "I will be honest with you." Shen Cong Sheng actually cried tears of deep emotions: "I have never felt such feelings. It is as if there are countless people standing behind me, cheering and encouraging me. Perhaps this is how Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals felt when they fought for humanity back then."


 "It was really the right decision for me to come to this battlefield!"


 Bam Bam Bam Bam...


 Close combat continued, moves after moves were exchanged as Fang Yuan and Duke Long fought head-on.


 After the stalemate lasted for a while, Duke Long began to fall into a disadvantaged position.


 Despite Duke Long gritting his teeth and wanting to endure, it was to no avail. Right now, he started to feel a sense of weakness and helplessness despite his overwhelming determination!


 Among all the people present, heroes among people’s amplification on Fang Yuan was actually the strongest.


 "Why? Why!? You are clearly a demon who brings disaster to the world, you are an atrocious demon who commits countless sins! Why would you receive the greatest help from the human wills?" Duke Long roared in shock and fury.


 "Do you still not understand it? Duke Long! The current era is no longer the same, the hearts of the people have already changed!"


 "In the Olden Antiquity Era, humanity sought for survival space. Thus, the three Demon Venerables held back when they invaded Heavenly Court."


 "And now, it has already been over a million years since the Olden Antiquity Era has ended! Your Heavenly Court is unable to represent the will of all the humans in the world by now!"


 Fang Yuan’s words were very vicious, they seemed to be sharper than dragon fangs as they pierced into Duke Long’s inner heart.


 Fang Yuan used more than just his fists, every joint of his body turned into weapons as he attacked Duke Long.


 Qi breath mountain was destroyed by him, spiraling dragon fangs were broken, Duke Long’s dragon claw strike and chaotic dragon fist were suppressed again and again by Fang Yuan!


 Bam Bam Bam Bam!


 Fang Yuan’s every attack produced sonic booms.


 The blood cape let out a dark red radiance that covered Fang Yuan’s whole body, empowering his strength in all aspects to a terrifying degree.


 Duke Long’s fingers were snapped by Fang Yuan, his fist fractured as he struck Fang Yuan’s fist directly! The nine dragon tattoos were howling in misery! They were already destroyed to a huge degree by Fang Yuan!


 ...


 Countless years ago, there was a couple.


 The male was called Tu Ji, the female was Ruo Li.


 Tu Ji was a rockman and Ruo Li was a human immortal.


 "I cultivate rule path, I have to believe in the rules of this world. All things have their own ordained path of which is fate. I believe I was able to meet you because I followed my fate, falling in love with you is the kindness of fate towards me." Tu Ji replied.


 Ruo Li said: "What if I told you fate decreed that I would die at Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s hands?"


 "What?!" Tu Ji was shocked: "Ruo Li, how many times have you checked this prophecy?"


 Ruo Li gave a bitter smile: "Only once is enough, but I checked it many times indeed, every result was the same. Do you know why a wisdom path Gu Immortal’s prophecy is so accurate? That is because fate is always fixed. I will die at Reckless Savage’s hands, that is my fate."


 Tu Ji was silent for a long while before he said with an almost decisive tone: "Then I... do not believe in fate!"


 On what basis must she die at Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s hands?


 On what basis must my lover not live a happy life?


 If this is fate’s arrangement, then — I won’t accept it!


 ...


 Duke Long was beaten back again and again by Fang Yuan. First, blood flowed out of his mouth, then all of his seven orifices started bleeding, this was because Fang Yuan’s punches had landed on his body and caused internal bleeding of his organs.


 "Great! This feels really refreshing!" Reckless Savage’s will shouted from inside the cape, waving his hands in excitement: "Kid, although you look ugly, your style resembles me! I have to say, my opinion of you has changed. But I wonder why I feel that there is something lacking?"


 Reckless Savage’s will thought for a while before clapping: "I know! You should roar in excitement, shout happily, this is the excitement of a man during battles!"


 However, Fang Yuan’s face was cold as ice, his eyes were dark as the abyss with no trace of needless emotions.


 As far as he was concerned, he was using this style of fighting to maximize the advantage of incomplete freedom transformation, there was nothing else to it.


 With the powerful strength of the three monsters, Duke Long was already in a huge disadvantage when fighting him in close combat. But Fang Yuan maintained the attitude of attacking Heaven Overseeing Tower, which forced Duke Long to fight him in close combat.


 Duke Long’s situation became increasingly grim, he was clearly defending more and attacking less.


 He howled, he roared, but he was still forced back over and over again by Fang Yuan.


 ...


 In Southern Border, there was a Gu Immortal called Tao Zhu.


 "He is Tao Zhu?"


 "Is he stupid? In order to research the pointless secret of the five regions, he gave up on that marriage!"


 "He is a lunatic. I’ve often seen him heading to the regional walls for his research, he often ends up injured and in a sorry state."


 He sacrificed almost everything to research the five regions’ regional walls, he endured countless people’s ridicule and even had to resist the secret oppression of many people.


 The most fatal blow to him was the biggest joke that fate played on him!


 Not long in the future, the five regions’ regional walls would disappear completely.


 Even if Tao Zhu’s research made progress, it seemed to lose its meaning.


 "But so what?"


 "If this is fate, and I, Tao Zhu, am unable to resist or change it, so what?"


 "I will still continue researching! Even if I fail in the end and obtain nothing, even if my life becomes a complete failure!"


 "I will never resign myself to fate! Even if I understand there is a wall called fate in front of me, I will charge into it!"


 "Even if I die from the collision, I will die with a smile and my head held high."


 On what basis must I accept my fate?


 Who gives a crap!


 That is what I want to do!


 This is how I want to live!



***
Chapter 1959 Peoples Hearts Have Changed


***





 



 "Quick, reinforce Duke Long!" Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals moved, they did not dare to continue watching.


 Duke Long and Feng Jiu Ge were two pillars of Heavenly Court, once Duke Long was defeated, the whole situation would again turn precarious.


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan suddenly kicked Duke Long’s hand.


 Duke Long’s defense was wide open, Fang Yuan used the chance to approach closer and grabbed Duke Long’s purple hair with his left hand.


 Then, he raised his right fist and punched. Punches after punches landed on Duke Long’s face and chest like cannonball strikes.


 Duke Long was unable to free himself, he could only shout in desperation: "Triple qi retraction!"


 Qi surged once again and gathered in Duke Long’s body, Duke Long’s condition strengthened by three times.


 Bam bam bam! Fang Yuan continued to rain punches on Duke Long.


 He kept on punching!


 ...


 Over a million years ago, when Genesis Lotus became a venerable, he wandered the world disguised as a mortal.


 One day, he arrived at a poor oasis village in Western Desert.


 There, he helped the villagers solve some issues using a Gu Master identity, he was welcomed warmly by the young and old in the village.


 A child was the most excited, even revering Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable to the point of prostrating himself.


 Because he saw new hope in his life.


 "Lord Gu Master, Lord Gu Master. I beg you, I beg you!" The child knelt on the ground and grabbed the hem of Genesis Lotus’s cloth as he looked up towards Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, his pure eyes were filled with tears and pleading.


 "Speak, child, don’t kneel. I will definitely help you if I can." Genesis Lotus lifted the child warmly.


 The child revealed a joyous expression: "It would be really great if you can help! Please resurrect my mother, she is my most important person and also the person who loves me the most in this world. My father abandoned us long ago. I could grow up all because she worked hard to raise me."


 "But my mother died a few days ago, she died from exhaustion and illness. Even on her deathbed, she used her trembling hands to put the last half remaining biscuit in my hands, she saved it for me!"


 "I cannot be without my mother!"


 "I cannot be without my mother!"


 "I beg you, Lord Gu Master. You could dig such a deep well and precisely find a water source. You can definitely resurrect my mother, right?!"


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was silent.


 The child was innocent, he did not know resurrecting the dead was far more difficult than digging a well. But Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was the current venerable, the things that were impossible for others were possible for him.


 But he could not!


 He was an Immortal Venerable, he was Heavenly Court’s Immortal Venerable.


 Thereupon, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable rubbed the child’s head and sighed: "This is not possible. No matter who it is, they will experience life and death. Your mother’s death is just her reaching her final destination, isn’t it a kind of release? Cheer up and live on bravely and happily , I believe your mother will definitely want you to live like that."


 "No! I don’t want to!" The child shook his head rapidly: "I want my mother to revive!"


 Genesis Lotus shook his head and sighed again: "I cannot resurrect your mother."


 "Why? You can clearly do it!" The child opened his eyes, looking at Genesis Lotus with fury.


 Genesis Lotus shook his head, not speaking anymore.


 The child pointed at Genesis Lotus and shouted: "I hate you, I hate you, Gu Master! You can clearly resurrect my mother, but you don’t want to do it! You are too cold-blooded, you are really cruel. Is it because she is not your mother? If it were your mother, would you refuse so indifferently?"


 Genesis Lotus sank into silence, he put himself in the child’s place and thought, then came to a conclusion as he said with extreme sincerity: "Yes, I will still do this. Everyone needs to accept death, no matter who they are. Because I know, this is all fate’s arrangements."


 "To hell with your fate!" The child roared: "Do I care about your damned fate, I need my mother, I want my mother back!"


 The child was quickly stopped by the nearby villagers, the villagers repeatedly apologized to Genesis Lotus.


 Genesis Lotus waved his head, expressing he did not mind it.


 He looked at the villagers stopping the madly struggling child when he suddenly went into a daze and his body shuddered!


 At this moment, he suddenly understood.


 The reason why he felt a vague unease when he traveled around the world.


 Human hearts have changed, their greed is insatiable!


 When humans became the rulers of the world, their desire was no longer about resisting the rule and suppression of variant humans, they had become increasingly insane and delusional.


 Genesis Lotus looked at the child in front of him dazedly as he came to a realization: Weren’t the humans of the present age like the child in front of him? He was struggling wildly under the shackles of fate for an impractical wish. But was it truly impractical? Was resurrecting a dead person impossible?


 Genesis Lotus was aware that this was possible. But... he could not do it.


 This was not allowed.


 However, does not being allowed mean that there won’t be anyone doing it?


 Genesis Lotus suddenly felt loss and hesitation, a deep helplessness shrouded him. Even though he was a rank nine venerable, the number one person in his era!


 He could stop the people from doing this with all his strength, but what about after his death?


 Even if he used all his strength and energy in this life, and no one attempted to revive the dead, could he, Genesis Lotus, stop the people from having such thoughts?


 The most terrifying thing were these types of thoughts!


 How could he stop everyone’s wishful thinking?


 He could not stop the desires that emerged in people’s hearts!


 ...


 Duke Long was beaten to a pulp by Fang Yuan!


 At the start, he counterattacked with all his strength, but Fang Yuan endured Duke Long’s counterattacks head-on with an unchanging expression.


 Duke Long’s appearance was completely different now, his chest had caved in, his scales were scattered everywhere, and his aura had fallen sharply.


 "Triple qi retraction!" Duke Long roared again, his aura rose and his injuries recovered immediately.


 Bam bam bam! Fang Yuan still rained punches on Duke Long.


 Duke Long had just recovered his features when his face was messed up by Fang Yuan once again. Soon, his bones fractured and blood flowed out from everywhere.


 Duke Long did not retreat, he defended with all his strength while shouting: "Triple qi retraction!"


 His condition recovered once again.


 Reckless Savage’s will cheered from the cape: "Beat him, beat him! Beat him hard, squeeze him dry! I want to see how much accumulation Heavenly Court has to be able to let him expend it like this! Hahaha."


 But Fang Yuan was calm all along, calculating the remaining strength of the three monsters’ combination.


 His strength was weakening constantly.


 Back when the three monsters had first appeared, the green fish was able to destroy all the bones in Duke Long’s body with just one headbutt. But after many fierce battles and being struck by fate vanquish several times, the three monsters did not have much strength remaining.


 Fang Yuan activated incomplete freedom transformation and combined the strength of the three monsters, but all aspects of strength like defense, movement, and healing were being expended intensely.


 Comparing accumulation, it truly could not match Heavenly Court!


 Endless fist shadows converged, Fang Yuan suddenly raised his fist and struck with all his strength!


 Boom!!


 A loud sound was heard as Fang Yuan’s right fist lodged into Duke Long’s face. The horrifying strength burst forth, Duke Long instantly lost consciousness and crossed the sky in a blink of an eye like a meteor before crashing heavily on the ground.


 He continued to fall deeper, his strong body pierced into Heavenly Court’s ground and created an unprecedentedly deep crater!


 Duke Long was lying in the depths of the crater without moving. But triple qi retraction was activated once again, another round of endless qi converged into him.


 Fang Yuan snorted and loosened his hand, a large handful of purple hair scattered with the wind, they were ripped out when he punched Duke Long.


 Fang Yuan analyzed calmly.


 Triple qi retraction was not activated by Duke Long, it was essentially a method left by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable. Even if Duke Long lost his consciousness for the moment, triple qi retraction still continued to support Duke Long.


 Incomplete freedom transformation did not have much strength remaining. If this killer move was stopped midway, he could not use Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s strength to activate it again. Next time he used it, Fang Yuan would have to rely on his own strength.


 Duke Long had stopped temporarily, Fang Yuan immediately turned around and charged towards Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Heaven Overseeing Tower had been continuing to move, but because of the interference from the three regions’ Gu Immortals, it was not able to go too far away from Fang Yuan.


 "Stop him, stop him!"


 "Stop Fang Yuan!!"


 "No matter the cost, we must stop him!"


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals charged towards Fang Yuan like moths flying towards fire.


 Ye Qiao Zi blocked the path.


 Fang Yuan’s punch pierced through his wooden armor and killed him.


 Zhao Shan He pounced at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan kicked, directly bursting his body!


 Vortex Space Boy screamed as he appeared behind Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan grabbed the tiny head with his fingers, he then clenched his fingers into a fist, forcibly turning Vortex Space Boy’s head into a mush of blood and brain matter.


 "Hahaha, this is the way!"


 "Kill them, rip them to shreds!"


 "Then, charge through the entire way!!"


 Inside the bloody cape, Reckless Savage’s will laughed loudly while waving his hands as he cheered on Fang Yuan.


 "Fang Yuan, don’t even think about it!" Duke Long flew once again, trying to stop Fang Yuan.


 A palace suddenly appeared above him.


 Dragon Palace!


 ...


 The former Lord of Dragon Palace — Wu Shuai’s life seemed to be filled with tragedies.


 Dragonman extermination was like an executioner’s blade that was always hanging above his and the dragonman race’s head.


 Dream revelations came time and time again, in order to settle the matter of dragonman extermination, he had to use rank eight Dragon Palace while doing experiments on the dragonman body.


 But to do that, Wu Shuai alone was not enough, he gathered all of the dragonman Gu Immortals and told them the truth, he begged them for help.


 In the huge Dragon Palace, there was an unprecedented meeting, almost all of the dragonman Gu Immortals had gathered together.


 "To do experiments, we need a vast number of dragonmen, almost all these people will die, even if they survive, they will wish they were dead. Thus, I cannot make this decision alone, if anyone objects, speak up now."


 "I object!" Immediately, someone stood out.


 Everyone turned to look, it was Wu Shuai’s cousin, the beloved seventh young master that Duke Long doted on the most.


 Seventh young master pointed at Wu Shuai who was on his throne as he scolded: "You scoundrel, you are insane!!!"


 "In order to gain Heavenly Court’s trust, you killed your most loyal sworn brother!"


 "To conceal the secret of dragonmen reign supreme, you caused the death of your own father!"


 "To refine dream token Immortal Gu, you actually used your most beloved wife as the Gu material!"


 "Now, to deal with dragonman extermination, you even want to sacrifice all of your innocent dragonmen and do experiments on them?"


 "Why is your heart so wicked, why are you so cold-hearted?!"


 "You think that this so-called evidence will make us believe you? Hehe, you are too laughable, do you think we are all fools?!"


 "Hehehe, no, you are not laughable, you are pitiful and sad!"


 "You wanted to give your wife happiness, and in the end? You sacrifice her to refine a Gu. Hehehe."


 "You wanted to make your father proud, and in the end? You killed him! You killed him with your own two hands!!"


 "You promised Huang Wei a bright future, you gave him hope. But in the end you killed him. And now, what future is there?"


 "Hehehe, hahaha!" Seventh young master laughed maniacally, his tears were almost falling out: "You tried so hard to lead the dragonman race to rise up, and in the end? In the end, the dragonman race is about to be wiped out, we are going to be extinct!"


 "It was you, it was you! If you were not ambitious and took over South Flower Island, relocating our people, developing rapidly and causing conflict with the humans, why would all this happen? If the dragonman race lived quietly and peacefully, ancestor would not have the intention of wiping us out!"


 "Wu Shuai, oh Wu Shuai, you are the strongest person in the dragonman race besides our ancestor, but what you gave us was not glory or hope, it was neither equality nor dignity. It was... destruction!"


 "You are a real tragedy! Your whole life is a tragedy!!"


 The entire hall was silent.


 Wu Shuai sat on his dragon throne, expressionless.


 At this time, a dragonman Gu Immortal slowly walked out from the crowd and stood in front of Wu Shuai, he then turned to face the crowd. This dragonman Gu Immortal said in a deep voice: "I support Lord Wu Shuai."


 Seventh young master was astonished: "Third... third uncle, you?"


 A second dragonman Gu Immortal walked out of the crowd and stood in front of Wu Shuai and faced the dragonman Gu Immortals. This dragonman Gu Immortal said in a loud voice: "I agree greatly with Lord Wu Shuai’s plan!"


 Seventh young master was shocked: "Fifth uncle?!"


 Then, the third, fourth, fifth person... all the dragonman Gu Immortals stood in front of Wu Shuai.


 In the blink of an eye, seventh young master was left all alone.


 He shouted in disbelief: "Have you all gone insane?!"


 "If this is insanity, then we are all lunatics!"


 "Hehehe, to become a lunatic like Ren Zu, I have no objections."


 "Little Seventh, do you still not understand? How big of a tragedy is it for our lives and deaths to be in the hands of others! Even if this person is our ancestor, our progenitor, he cannot do this!!"


 Wu Shuai slowly stood up from his dragon throne, his face was covered in tears.


 "Everyone... I, Wu Shuai, hereby swear!" Wu Shuai’s voice was extremely hoarse: "I will stand with the dragonman race regardless of survival or extermination, I will contribute my heart, my blood, and all the spirit and determination that I have!"


 "Even if I were to fail in the end, I will fight to the final moment of my life."


 "Even if I die in the end, my spirit and determination will be inherited by others."


 "Even if my spirit and determination are no longer in existence... even if only my name is left, I will continue to fight, I will never stop resisting!!"



***
Chapter 1960 Destroying Fate!


***





 



 Boom!


 Under the amplification of heroes among people, Dragon Palace was barely able to ward off Duke Long.


 "Get lost." At the next moment, Duke Long sent Dragon Palace flying with dragon claw strike.


 Duke Long’s field of vision became broad again, but he was not happy at all because Fang Yuan had already gotten close to Heaven Overseeing Tower.


 Not only him, Wu Yong, Bing Sai Chuan, Shen Cong Sheng, and others had also moved in like a fierce tide. This wave of offense was terrifying.


 Duke Long was already unable to block them in time and looked at this sight with overwhelming anger.


 Right now, at this moment, even if Heaven Overseeing Tower turned phantom, it could not avoid this danger. Because Fang Yuan possessed dream path methods!


 Feng Jin Huang could restrain his methods, but she was only a mortal Gu Master. Her strength was insufficient to go against the current Fang Yuan.


 "Use fate vanquish quickly!" Duke Long shouted.


 The Gu Immortals inside Heaven Overseeing Tower shuddered and did not care about enemies or allies, they activated fate vanquish again with desperation and anxiety.


 The sky turned white!


 Light was everywhere.


 White light.


 It filled the entire world, all the space in this world was filled with white light.


 This was Heaven Overseeing Tower’s strongest method, it used rank nine fate Gu as the core to activate a supreme killer move!


 Be they Heavenly Court or the three regions’ Gu Immortals, both sides were extremely familiar with this killer move.


 White light filled the whole battlefield ruthlessly, not differentiating enemies or allies!


 In an instant, regardless of which Immortal Gu House it was, they were all heavily injured or damaged!


 "Damn it, damn it!" Wu Yong gritted his teeth as blood flowed out of the corners of his lips. He felt his ambition melting like snow in the white light: "This again, it is this move again! Whenever there is some breakthrough, fate vanquish will turn around the situation for Heavenly Court!"


 "Huh?" Wu Yong’s gaze suddenly focused before revealing a complex expression.


 There was still a blood red trace remaining in the empty battlefield!


 What was that?


 It was a cape, fluttering like a war banner!


 "Oh oh oh oh oh!" Inside the cape, Reckless Savage’s will clenched his fists and beat his chest like an ape in heat.


 He was extremely excited, shouting wildly: "This is it! This is it! Within heaven and earth, who else is there but me? At the crucial moment, you still need to rely on me! Cool, I am damn cool!!"


 If it were just the three monsters, they naturally would not be able to resist the power of fate vanquish easily.


 However, when they combined into one move and became connected to Fang Yuan as the core, using Fang Yuan’s complete otherworldly demon identity, fate vanquish was no longer able to harm them.


 In the endless light, Fang Yuan’s white robe, black hair, and bloody cape were fluttering wildly with the wind.


 He charged!


 He pushed forward!


 He did not stop at all!


 "We still have... hope." From within the retreating Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan opened his eyes wide and stared at that bright red image moving in the white space.


 Shen Cong Sheng coughed out blood repeatedly as he fell from the sky. He was also looking at Fang Yuan, using all his strength to fix his gaze on him!


 He shouted inwardly: "Fang Yuan, you damned demon! Everything depends on you now!!"


 Fang Yuan shot forward like a sharp arrow, he was like a star of calamity that rose to the sky from the ground, bringing chaos to the world and defying heaven itself!


 "Charge, charge! The grandeur of men can be seen when they charge ahead, oh yeah!" Reckless Savage’s will continued to shout as his voice rang in Fang Yuan’s ears.


 Be they Duke Long, Feng Jiu Ge, Heavenly Court’s immortals, or the three regions’ immortals, they forced their eyes open and fixed their gazes on Fang Yuan.


 Heaven and earth was a scene of pure white, and in this whiteness, the path seemed to be exceptionally long and endless.


 As if it spanned across history, from the past until now!


 ...


 Over three million years ago, when variant humans were in prosperity, there was an inconspicuous human slave.


 He was called Wei Yu Shu.


 He heard of Heavenly Court’s location, he was not willing to be a slave anymore, he escaped and was chased after.


 His master berated him coldly.


 "Wei Yu Shu, when I bought you back then, you were only a child who did not even know about cultivation!"


 "I taught you step by step and raised you into a Gu Immortal. Was it my protection and indulgence that allowed you to have such guts?"


 "Tell me, why did you betray me?"


 "Have I, Princess Ye Tong, mistreated you?! You lived in luxury and peace, you only needed to serve me and I have never treated you cruelly."


 Wei Yu Shu smiled sadly: "But, even if I lived a much better life, I was still only your slave!"


 The female inkman immortal was furious: "What is bad about becoming my slave? Many inkmen want to live your life but don’t get such a chance!"


 Wei Yu Shu was dazed for a moment before he spoke slowly: "I did not think it was bad before, but when I heard there was a Heavenly Court in this world where humans live... I realized why I was always in low spirits and felt unhappiness. It was because I lacked one thing."


 "Hehehe, I have read \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e, I am truly too stupid. I am even more stupid than those wingless birds, toothless beasts, gill-less fish! At least, they know they lost their freedom and are staking their lives to chase after freedom. But what about me? I did not even know I lost my freedom!"


 "So, you want to escape, you want to reach Heavenly Court?" The female inkman immortal sneered: "You are too naive, you actually believe in the temptation of these devils?!"


 Wei Yu Shu closed his eyes, his voice was hoarse: "It is not that I believe it, but I want to believe it."


 "Heavenly Court was never the important point!"


 "Without Heavenly Court, there can be Earthly Court, or even Human Court!"


 "There will always be a place where a group of humans gather and pursue freedom!!"


 ...


 A million years ago.


 Duke Long snorted coldly: "Tell me, Hong Ting, who can do as they please in this world? Your thoughts are too childish, you think becoming an Immortal Venerable and leading the righteous path would not need sacrifices? What is there in this world that has no price to pay for? How shallow do you think the words ’righteous path’ are? Wrong! Maintaining Heavenly Court’s righteous path requires you to pay a price, it requires sacrifices. If you don’t even have this sacrificial mentality, then I will tell you, you don’t have the qualifications to enter Heavenly Court!"


 Duke Long’s brows raised, his face cold as ice: "Who do you want to revive?"


 "Every person who sacrificed themselves for me. My parents, Liu Shu Xian, and many others."


 "Even if there are crueler tragedies, I will accept them! Master, disciple always had a question. Why? Why must we accept fate’s arrangements? If there was no fate, would the world truly fall into chaos? Is it not possible that the world will become a better place?" Hong Ting asked in an anxious tone.


 ...


 The current era.


 Duke Long looked at Feng Jin Huang and said solemnly: "Huang Er, you need to understand that you are the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable who will surpass all the past venerables! You will create dream path and be invincible in the whole world. Your glory will shine and spread for ages, becoming the eternal symbol and support of humanity. Don’t fear, don’t hesitate, take each success to press forward indomitably until you reach the supreme peak of this world!"


 Feng Jin Huang’s eyes got brighter and brighter as she listened. She smiled with unparalleled beauty.


 Duke Long also smiled.


 Feng Jin Huang said: "If all this is predestined by fate, then... I do not believe in fate!"


 ...


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan directly broke through the roof of Heaven Overseeing Tower and entered inside.


 A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal inside stood up to stop him.


 Fang Yuan directly pierced his hands into his chest and pulled fiercely, ripping the Heavenly Court Gu Immortal into two halves!


 Blood splashed on Fang Yuan’s face; his skin was white like snow, cold like ice.


 Blood splashed on Fang Yuan’s black hair; the hair was like the night sky, letting out profound eerie light.


 Blood splashed on Fang Yuan’s blood cape; the cape was touching the ground like it was paving a bloody path for the tyrant’s domination.


 Fang Yuan took large strides and reached the center of the top floor. Fate Gu was right in front of him, it had always been there, as if it were constantly receiving offerings, offerings that it had been receiving for millions of years!


 Fang Yuan grabbed fate Gu!


 At this instance, even Reckless Savage’s will inside the cape was quiet, closing his mouth as he stared at Fang Yuan blankly.


 Because he realized: This was the moment of truth for the whole of humanity, no, for the whole world.


 At this time, Fang Yuan held fate Gu in his hands, his gaze was flickering with complex emotions.


 He had finally caught fate Gu, this was a scene which he had imagined countless times.


 His goal was achieved at this moment, but he did not think of himself and instead thought of \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e.


 Ren Zu said: He wanted freedom and to get rid of fate’s shackles. After that, he could go wherever he wanted to go, and be with whoever he wanted to with forever.


 The birds berated him: You humans are destined to be alone, all gatherings will end up in separation. Oh human, you want to pursue freedom but you also need to abide by your nature, you should not indulge in wild fantasies.


 Ren Zu said: I want freedom and to get rid of fate’s shackles. I will possess countless delicacies and wines, endless wealth, and all kinds of comfortable and beautiful clothes.


 The beasts ridiculed him: But you humans were born with empty hands and will pass away with nothing. Oh human, you want to pursue freedom but you also need to abide by your nature, you should not indulge in wild fantasies.


 Ren Zu said: I want freedom and to get rid of fate’s shackles. I will breathe freely and live on forever, I want eternal life!


 The fishes rebutted: But you humans are destined to have no relation with eternal life, you will die of old age and illnesses. Oh human, you want to pursue freedom but you also need to abide by your nature, you should not indulge in wild fantasies.


 Ren Zu was puzzled.


 Ren Zu was disgruntled.


 Ren Zu was irritated.


 Ren Zu became insane!


 How can you have such thoughts?


 Why can’t I have the same thoughts?


 Why can’t a human be together forever with their loved ones?


 Why can’t a human live life without worries and have endless wealth?


 Why can’t a human have eternal life?


 Because fate does not allow it?


 Because it does not allow, therefore I cannot do it?! I cannot even think about it?!


 On what basis?


 On what damned basis?


 On what basis am I not allowed to think about it?!


 On what basis is eternal life forbidden?!


 If such thoughts turn me insane.


 Then let me become a lunatic!


 If such pursuit makes me demonic.


 Then let me become a demon!!


 Fang Yuan looked at fate Gu and sneered coldly.


 He clenched his fist lightly.


 Crack.


 A soft sound echoed.


 Fate Gu was directly crushed into pieces.


 Rank nine fate Gu —


 Destroyed!



***
Chapter 1961 So What If It Was Destroyed?


***





 



 The moment fate Gu was destroyed, the whole battlefield returned to its previous state.


 The white light formed by fate vanquish killer move disappeared completely.


 Crack crack.


 A series of crisp sounds echoed as countless cracks spread throughout Heaven Overseeing Tower. At the next moment, the whole of Heaven Overseeing Tower crumbled into pieces!


 The grand Heavenly Court fell into deathly silence.


 There was no trace of wind in the battlefield, but the immortals felt a hurricane blowing in their hearts!


 Heaven Overseeing Tower turned into countless fragments that fell down along with Gu Immortal corpses. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s painting path method turned into a ray of light that crossed the sky and flew far away.


 Fang Yuan ignored it and quietly floated in the air, looking at Duke Long, Feng Jiu Ge, and the rest.


 He had no expression and did not say anything, he only opened his palm slowly. Under everybody’s vision killer move, everyone in the five regions saw — the fragments of the destroyed fate Gu!


 "Fate Gu has been... destroyed?"


 "We won?!"


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals looked at each other, seeing the astonishment and daze on each other’s faces.


 "Unbelievable, we really did it!"


 "This battle will definitely be remembered by later generations."


 After coming to their senses, the three regions’ Gu Immortals cheered wildly!


 On the contrary, Heavenly Court’s remaining Gu Immortals had ashen expressions and were dazed like puppets.


 Fate Gu was Heavenly Court’s banner, their spiritual pillar.


 It was more than a rank nine Gu worm, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable had relied on this Gu to create the rule of humanity, it gave humans the hope of freedom and courage to revolt.


 After over three million years of inheritance and development, the significance of fate Gu was much greater to Heavenly Court. It was Heavenly Court’s foundation, a symbol, and also an eternally fluttering banner.


 But now, this banner was taken down and torn by Fang Yuan!


 Heavenly Court’s immortals felt that the pillar in their mind was taken away, their world had collapsed!


 Even without the three regions’ Gu Immortals attacking or any external stimulation, they were dazed and did not know what they should do.


 Even Feng Jiu Ge was silent, his destiny song that had kept on resounding throughout the battlefield stopped at this moment.


 Far away, Feng Jin Huang was hiding in a secret underground Immortal Gu House, she was weeping silently: "Fate Gu... has been destroyed! How did this happen? Everyone clearly put in so much effort, not even hesitating to sacrifice themselves!"


 Qin Ding Ling’s gaze was blank, she was like a lifeless statue.


 The greatly damaged Demon Judgment Board rose to the sky, Fang Zheng who was inside looked at Fang Yuan with a highly complicated expression: "Fang Yuan, you actually accomplished it. In Heavenly Court, in front of the venerable methods, you destroyed fate Gu! So the gap between you and I is simply this big."


 This gap made Fang Zheng feel despair, but a strange thing was Fang Zheng did not feel bitterness at this moment, instead he felt a trace of relief.


 It was time to give up.


 A person like Fang Yuan was different from everyone from the start. Thinking of rivaling him was wishful thinking from the start, a delirious thought even.


 "Damn it, damn it..."


 "We failed, fate Gu has been destroyed."


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals cried. They had used all their strength, given their everything, some crawled out of their graves to fight, some held on till the end, but they still failed.


 "We have really failed our comrades who sacrificed themselves!"


 "I am too ashamed to face my seniors!"


 Shame surfaced on the Heavenly Court immortals’ faces, many even had the impulse to kill themselves.


 "Don’t panic!" At this moment, Duke Long suddenly spoke, his voice spreading throughout the battlefield, shaking every Gu Immortal’s mind.


 Duke Long flew to the sky, his expression was solemn as he knew this was the crucial moment.


 Fate Gu had been destroyed, Duke Long could not afford to be upset or blame himself. He was the leader of Heavenly Court, he needed to try his hardest to deal with this issue!


 What made him anxious was that even the deeply experienced Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were shaken like this. What would the people all over the world think about this sight?


 If Fang Yuan scheming and defeating Heavenly Court time and again earlier was like a heavy slap to Heavenly Court’s face, then Fang Yuan destroying fate Gu was like shaking Heavenly Court’s foundation completely, destroying the status and reputation Heavenly Court had accumulated for over three million years!


 Duke Long had to restore their morale and fighting spirit.


 "Fang Yuan, you really think you destroyed fate Gu?" Duke Long suddenly laughed with no trace of listlessness, one could not sense any form of wavering in his tone.


 Fang Yuan did not reply and only slightly raised his hand as he looked at Duke Long.


 Immediately, the three regions’ Gu Immortals ridiculed: "Duke Long, have you gone blind? You can’t see the fragments of fate Gu?"


 Some of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals looked with bright gazes, a spark of hope rising in their hearts: "Is the fate Gu that Fang Yuan destroyed a replica?"


 But Duke Long shook his head, still laughing: "Hehehe, the destroyed fate Gu is the real one. But Fang Yuan, even though fate Gu is destroyed, has it really been destroyed forever, can we not refine it once again?"


 "Huh?" The immortals were stupefied.


 Immortal Gu were unique, this was an irrefutable truth of the world. If I had an Immortal Gu, others could not possess the same one.


 But when this Immortal Gu was destroyed, others would have the chance to possess it.


 Fate Gu was destroyed by Fang Yuan now, this was an ironclad truth. But this was not a genuine ending because Heavenly Court could refine it again!


 "Does Heavenly Court have fate Gu’s recipe?" Shen Cong Sheng’s expression was grim as he asked.


 "Heavenly Court has held fate Gu for over three million years, we had countless refinement path great experts and three Immortal Venerables in this period. Take a guess if our Heavenly Court has fate Gu’s recipe or not?" Duke Long smiled, his entire body letting out confidence and calmness.


 "Damn it!" The three regions’ Gu Immortals were exasperated.


 Duke Long laughed: "However, even if Heavenly Court did not have fate Gu’s Immortal Gu recipe, so what? Everyone, let me ask you, was the fate Gu in the Immemorial Antiquity Era refined by Ren Zu?"


 "Of course not." Qin Ding Ling replied, she understood Duke Long’s intention and her eyes shone with life again: "Fate Gu was born from heaven and earth itself."


 Duke Long nodded: "That’s right, Immortal Gu are born from nature which is why there are many wild Immortal Gu. Even if we cannot refine it, heaven and earth will refine fate Gu. The new fate Gu might be rank six or even rank nine directly. Who can say for sure?"


 This time, the three regions’ Gu Immortals looked at each other.


 After Duke Long mentioned this point, they suddenly realized that destroying fate Gu might not be a big deal!


 If fate Gu was destroyed, so be it, it could be refined again.


 "Even if it is refined, we can destroy it again!" A Gu Immortal shouted angrily, but even he himself did not have much confidence.


 To destroy fate Gu this time, they had paid a huge price! Could such success really be replicated? Forget about anything else, just the point that only an otherworldly demon could destroy fate Gu blocked the path of many heroes and conquerors. Didn’t even three Demon Venerables fail?


 "Damn it, how could we have failed to notice this?" A Gu Immortal was vexed, but thinking about it, he could blame himself for not considering everything properly.


 After all, invading Heavenly Court and destroying fate Gu was already an enormous goal and could even be said to be wishful thinking. To realize this goal, the Gu Immortals had already exhausted their minds and energy. This was an impossible mission akin to a mortal ascending to heaven, even if they used all their strength and had inexhaustible will, it was still difficult to achieve.


 Under such circumstances, who could afford to think of the matter after ascending to heaven?


 In fact, when Central Continent held the Refinement Path Convention and four regions’ Gu Immortals invaded, who could say for sure that they could destroy fate Gu?


 No one!


 Even Fang Yuan, even venerables did not have such confidence.


 Everyone was giving it a try.


 After the attempt succeeded, the Gu Immortals were exulted. But what happens after realizing this goal?


 Duke Long’s words were also the truth. The three regions’ Gu Immortals suddenly discovered that the price they paid, the battles and the effort they invested were all in vain, was it just an empty victory?


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals were silent, their expressions gradually turning unsightly.


 Wu Yong was sharp and sensed the change in people’s hearts and the fallen morale, he immediately refuted coldly: "Lord Duke Long, you have a sharp tongue. However, Heavenly Court’s failure is still a failure, you took great pain to defend and even hide fate Gu in Heavenly Court, yet we were still able to destroy it. In the future, even if you obtain fate Gu again, so what?"


 "Hehehe, in fact, you need to be careful. Otherwise, when heaven and earth gives birth to the new fate Gu, you won’t be able to refine it yourselves. At that time, fate Gu will become a wild Immortal Gu, anyone will be able to possess it, it might not necessarily be obtained by your Heavenly Court anymore."


 The three regions’ immortals’ eyes brightened and their morale soared.


 Duke Long was smiling calmly: "Wu Yong, you are not wrong about it at all. Let’s say fate Gu becomes a wild Immortal Gu and is obtained by one of you, so what? Can you all... use it? Do you know how to use it?"


 Even Wu Yong could not reply to this question.


 Duke Long smiled proudly: "Fate Gu can never be used by Gu Immortals! Before the Remote Antiquity Era, it was held by variant humans but they could not use it. Over three million years, my Heavenly Court had several Immortal Venerables, but no one could directly use this Gu. Countless geniuses racked their minds and then conceptualized Heaven Overseeing Tower, it took three million years for us to research a killer move that could make use of fate Gu, and that is fate vanquish!"


 "Do you understand the killer move fate vanquish? Do you know how to construct Heaven Overseeing Tower?"


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals fell into silence.


 Duke Long continued: "Only heaven’s will can use fate Gu. Back then, for the sake of humanity, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not hesitate to sacrifice herself and merged with heaven’s will, disturbing and influencing heaven’s will. Which is why, humanity that rose three million years ago is still flourishing now, we remained as the rulers of the world."


 "And my Heavenly Court built the immortal graveyard to support Star Constellation’s will. Heavenly Court members all chose to hibernate in the immortal graveyard to provide constant help for Star Constellation’s will. Only then are we able to influence fate Gu and thus influence the position of humanity in the whole world!"


 "Among you, who can achieve this?"


 Duke Long swept his gaze throughout the battlefield, the three regions’ Gu Immortals were silent while Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals stood proudly, someone even added arrogantly: "No one! In the vast five regions, only Heavenly Court can accomplish this!"


 "No, you are wrong, Duke Long." Bing Sai Chuan’s retort came from inside Calamity Luck Altar: "Even if we are unable to use fate Gu, we can use it as a Gu refinement material to refine destiny Gu! Fate Gu cannot be controlled by others, but destiny Gu can. This is the plan of our Lord Giant Sun Immortal Venerable."


 Duke Long looked towards Calamity Luck Altar and gave a disdainful smile: "Even if you refine destiny Gu, does it mean fate Gu won’t exist?"


 Bing Sai Chuan was unable to reply.


 If fate Gu was used as a Gu material, when Longevity Heaven refined destiny Gu, fate Gu would be used up. In the future, there could still be a new fate Gu.


 Duke Long sighed: "No matter what you do, fate Gu will still exist. Even if it destroyed now, it will appear again in the future. As long as it appears, will your efforts today have any meaning?"


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals were silent.


 "Of course there is meaning!" Duke Long answered himself with solemness and hatred: "The meaning of this is to give a chance for variant humans to rise up, for them to create an unimaginably bad influence on humanity."


 "You cannot use fate Gu and how long will it take for you to refine destiny Gu? You don’t even have an incomplete Gu recipe of fate Gu! Once fate Gu reappears, it will be controlled by heaven’s will. Humanity will decline and variant humans will rise."


 "And the one who led to this is all of you!" Duke Long berated and suddenly pointed towards Fang Yuan: "Especially you! You are the greatest evil! You destroyed the immortal graveyard, Star Constellation’s will won’t be able to interfere with heaven’s will like before. If humanity is exterminated in the future, you will be the main culprit behind everything!!"


 "Fang Yuan, oh Fang Yuan, you think you obtained victory by destroying fate Gu?"


 "Hehehe, at best, this is only a giant joke."


 "My Heavenly Court thinks for humanity in all aspects, we offered our blood and sweat for the benefits of humanity, even sacrificing ourselves. And you people, for your own selfish interests, destroyed the great position that my Heavenly Court had maintained meticulously for millions of years."


 "My Heavenly Court can refine fate Gu again in the future, we can refine it secretly! We won’t let the five regions know of fate Gu’s refinement, will you find out about it?"


 "Can you all stop us in time?"


 "Even if you stop us the second or the third time. What about after that? Who can guarantee you can stop us from refining it again and again?"


 "We will only refine rank six fate Gu, it is far easier than restoring it to rank nine!"


 "Also, every time we fight because of fate Gu, humanity will suffer heavy losses and greatly expend its foundation. This will give variant humans the opportunity to rise up against us!"


 Duke Long lamented with deep emotions as he said this.


 "Who is this old man? I did not know that Heavenly Court did so many things in consideration for our entire human race!"


 "Why did they invade Heavenly Court, what were these Gu Immortals thinking?"


 "These people are all demons, they disregarded the big picture for their own interests! They are accursed sinners!"


 The five regions’ mortals resonated with Duke Long.


 Most of the mortals had extremely little understanding of the Gu Immortal world.


 And the Gu Immortals scattered in the five regions were also silent when they heard Duke Long.


 Heavenly Court was powerful, Heavenly Court was domineering, Heavenly Court occupied almost all the cultivation resources of Central Continent, Heavenly Court’s ambition stretched extremely far and actively interfered in major events of the other four regions.


 But no one was able to deny Heavenly Court’s contribution in protecting humanity.


 This was a fact!


 "Ahhh, this is somewhat troublesome. Although it felt extremely satisfying to destroy fate Gu, there is some emptiness after the adrenaline rush, this is a bit of a problem." Inside the blood cape, Reckless Savage’s will mumbled while holding his head.


 "Hehe, Duke Long, are you done?" Fang Yuan’s expression was indifferent, after destroying fate Gu, this was the first time he spoke and broke the silence.


 Duke Long looked at Fang Yuan, his brows furrowed as he started feeling uneasy.


 Fang Yuan was too calm! According to Fang Yuan’s intelligence, how could he not see the crucial point? Duke Long tried to think from another perspective, if he were Fang Yuan, he would definitely use all his strength to attack and not give the enemies the chance to speak.


 Because once Duke Long spoke, he would create this current situation.


 Indeed.


 Duke Long’s words restored Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals’ morale and also suppressed the enemies’ spirit, he also raised Heavenly Court’s prestige and it was simply turning the situation around!


 Duke Long was worthy of being the leader of Heavenly Court, he not only possessed terrifying strength worthy of the main pillar, at the crucial time, he could even lead and boost morale, changing people’s hearts.


 How could Fang Yuan not see this?


 But he did not stop Duke Long, Duke Long could even vaguely see a trace of anticipation in his eyes.


 So what was Fang Yuan anticipating?


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan chuckled: "Oh Duke Long, who told you that destroying fate Gu meant the end of this battle? You seem to have forgotten someone."


 Duke Long’s pupils shrank as he realized something.


 He followed Fang Yuan’s gaze and saw a river.


 That was a phantom silhouette of the River of Time!


 Calamity Luck Altar carried Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s method — Call of the Ancient. From the start of the battle, this killer move’s power had condensed into a phantom River of Time in Heavenly Court.


 Northern Plains’ past Gu Immortal experts walked out from this phantom river and created an extremely huge threat to Heavenly Court.


 But as the battle continued, the phantom River of Time seemed to have gradually grown powerless as fewer and fewer of Northern Plains’ experts were summoned.


 At the late stage of the battle, this phantom River of Time seemed to be motionless and showed no traces of new figures emerging.


 However, when Fang Yuan destroyed fate Gu, this phantom River of Time seemed like a beast that had broken free of its shackles, it started surging wildly and turbulently.


 Swish swish swish...


 The river water surged, raising astonishing waves.


 A figure walked out slowly and naturally from the giant waves.


 All the immortals present heard his voice:


 "In my youth I shined in the light of spring, horses trampled on flowers as fragrance of wine spread.


 Love and hatred came with the waves, summer cicadas sang as I woke up in the middle of the night.


 Planting red lotuses in the River of Time, going back in time with my tears run dry.


 Through the vicissitudes of life I return to this stage, the myriad beings anticipate a life unbound by fate!"


 He had the appearance of a young man, his gaze seemed to have experienced countless vicissitudes, he wore a red robe, his face was pure as jade, his eyes were bright like stars, and his skin was white as snow.


 He walked out from the phantom River of Time and stepped into Heavenly Court’s battlefield.


 Everyone watched, there was complete silence all around.


 His gaze moved around before fixing on Duke Long’s body.


 Duke Long shook, his expression was extremely complicated as he opened his mouth, his lips moved but no words came out.


 The young man smiled: "Master, have you been well?"



***
Chapter 1962 I Have Destiny Immortal Gus Recipe!


***





 



 "Wow, this person came out of the river!"


 "Why is there a river in the sky?"


 "The young man who walked out is really handsome!"


 "I still think that the fairy in the red cape looks nicer."


 Because of the killer move everybody’s vision, the mortals of the five regions saw this scene, they discussed enthusiastically and rowdily.


 Mortals and Gu Masters might not understand the severity of the situation, but most of the Gu Immortals knew who this mysterious young man was.


 At once, Gu Immortals of the five regions were shaken, it was as if a world destroying tornado was rampaging in their hearts.


 "This Gu Immortal, it can’t be?"


 "Is he Red Lotus Demon Venerable?!"


 Among the generations of venerables, Red Lotus Demon Venerable was the most mysterious one. Back then, Heavenly Court used everything to nurture him but their efforts were in vain. Not only did Red Lotus not become an Immortal Venerable, he even became a Demon Venerable, betraying the righteous path and damaging fate Gu. There was also the problem of the dragonman race mixed within this, Heavenly Court had to disregard costs and make information path great experts use their most profound methods to eliminate the influence of this event.


 Moreover, Red Lotus Demon Venerable had constantly been reborn, he changed his style of action and wanted to preserve Heavenly Court’s reputation for the sake of his master, he started to act secretly in the dark.


 Thus, most Gu Immortals did not know the true appearance of Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 But they all heard the mysterious young looking Gu Immortal call Duke Long his master. He had also walked out of the phantom River of Time...


 Everyone knew that Duke Long was the master of Red Lotus.


 "But why did this happen? Didn’t Red Lotus Demon Venerable die?"


 "He might be a new disciple of Duke Long."


 The Gu Immortals of the five regions were uncertain, but Heavenly Court’s battlefield was full of experienced experts, there were many super forces behind them that had secretive information regarding Red Lotus Demon Venerable, they knew quite a lot of things.


 Thus, be they Heavenly Court or the three regions’ Gu Immortals, they looked at the young Gu Immortal while dazed like rocks, they were numb from shock.


 They recognized the young Gu Immortal’s identity.


 It was really Red Lotus Demon Venerable!


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals were shaken, Red Lotus Demon Venerable was the disciple of Duke Long, seeing his attitude towards Duke Long, it still carried concern and respect.


 Heavenly Court did not dare to act rashly. After all, Red Lotus Demon Venerable had invaded Heavenly Court in the past, damaging fate Gu. After that, in order to repair fate Gu, Heavenly Court spent over a million years, countless resources and manpower. They managed to repair it in the end, but it was a pity that Red Lotus’ inheritor, Fang Yuan, destroyed it! It was truly infuriating!


 And most importantly, there was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s cultivation level!


 He was a venerable with rank nine battle strength, once he appeared, who could face him in combat?


 Even the powerful Duke Long, even the colossal Di Zang Sheng, even Fang Yuan who wore the blood battle cape, were no match for the rank nine Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 Nobody held any doubt regarding this.


 The young looking Red Lotus guessed everyone’s thoughts, he walked on thin air as he got to the center of the battlefield, he smiled: "Everyone, no need to worry, I have already died. Now that fate Gu is destroyed while call of the ancient has barely any power left, I am merely Red Lotus’ will."


 Red Lotus’ will was vivid and solid like it was the real person.


 But upon close inspection, one would realize that there were differences between it and an actual Gu Immortal.


 The immortals managed to discern this as they let out sighs of relief.


 Red Lotus did not lie, this was his will, not his main body.


 His reputation was too great, he appeared in a shocking manner, everyone could not help but think of it as the worst case situation. After Red Lotus informed them, they realized the truth.


 The bad feeling in Duke Long’s heart was getting heavier.


 Duke Long snorted coldly, shouting: "Red Lotus, even though you have died, you are still not willing to give up that heretical thought? You won this time, thanks to you, fate Gu has been destroyed by your chosen pawn."


 Red Lotus shook his head: "Master, this is not a win, precisely so, I had to show up."


 "What are you trying to do?" Duke Long frowned, the bad feeling in his heart intensified.


 Red Lotus replied with action, his body flickered as he appeared before Fang Yuan instantly.


 Fang Yuan looked at Red Lotus’ will with a calm expression, his gaze was dark like the night sky.


 He had very deep ties with this venerable. The Spring Autumn Cicada that he had used to turn situations around many times was the time path Immortal Gu created by this person.


 "You did very well. I am sure you’ve guessed what I am going to do now?" Red Lotus’ will smiled at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan replied: "Somewhat."


 "Even though fate Gu is destroyed, the truth is that to use it as a Gu material to refine destiny Gu, we will need an otherworldly demon like you. Thanks to someone’s help, you finally became a complete otherworldly demon." Red Lotus’ will said this as he looked far away, towards the periphery of the battlefield where Spectral Soul and his servants were hiding.


 Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan were perspiring profusely. Even though this was just Red Lotus’ will, he was simply too terrifying, finding out their hiding spot with one glance.


 At the hiding spot, Spectral Soul had already returned to human form, he looked at Red Lotus’ will with a complex expression.


 This was not the first time he had met Red Lotus’ will, his memories surfaced from the depths of his mind.


 Back then, he became a soul path venerable, he entered the River of Time to explore its secrets. Even though Spectral Soul Demon Venerable cultivated soul path, with his foundation, he could freely enter and exit the River of Time.


 As the mysterious fog appeared, a stone lotus island appeared in front of him of its own initiative.


 He stepped onto the stone lotus island as Red Lotus’ will smiled and invited him: "I have been waiting, Spectral Soul. Let us make a deal?"


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable agreed to the transaction. Therefore, he learned of fate Gu, and also the truth behind the historical invasion of Heavenly Court by the three Demon Venerables. He gave up on the plan to attack Heavenly Court, he went to design and create sovereign immortal fetus Gu instead.


 Red Lotus’ will looked at Spectral Soul, using his gaze as an indication — it is time to carry out our transaction.


 Spectral Soul chuckled as he ordered Old Man Zheng Yuan: "Gather all of the human will, send it all to Fang Yuan."


 Old Man Zheng Yuan immediately moved.


 At once, the vast amount of human will from Heavenly Court surged. These wills were of all varieties and colors, they were filled with ugly desires or beautiful dreams, one could indulge in them and lose their way, they were beautiful and ugly at the same time. People wanted them but also hated them.


 Red Lotus’ will looked at the vast amount of will that resembled a rainbow sea.


 He turned around and smiled at Fang Yuan, before entering the ocean of human will personally.


 The human wills engulfed him instantly, next, fire started burning out of nowhere, resembling blazing red lotuses that burned the sea of wills.


 Duke Long saw this and became enraged, this was not something a mere will could achieve: "Red Lotus, back then when you attacked Heavenly Court, you actually left this arrangement behind!"


 Before he finished speaking, Duke Long flew up, wanting to destroy the human wills.


 "Don’t even think about it!" Wu Shuai was prepared for this, he manipulated Dragon Palace to stop him.


 Both sides fought, Dragon Palace was soon forced to retreat.


 "What are you all waiting for?" Duke Long shouted at all the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals jolted, they started to approach Fang Yuan and the vast sea of wills.


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals were not going to watch, a huge battle erupted again!


 "No matter what Red Lotus is doing, it must be disadvantageous to Heavenly Court, this is something we want to see." Wu Yong’s eyes shined with bright light, he shot out countless wind blades around him.


 Di Zang Sheng roared angrily, it coiled his body around Fang Yuan and the human wills, resisting killer moves using its body as a shield, growling in pain but refusing to retreat.


 Bing Sai Chuan rode in Calamity Luck Altar as he resisted Demon Judgment Board. He had a complex gaze, it looked like Red Lotus Demon Venerable was going to refine destiny Gu as well. This went against Longevity Heaven’s goal but he could not stop it or retreat now, he had to fight first.


 The flames burned the human wills, emitting a dense, sharp fragrance.


 After Red Lotus’ will fused into the human wills, the vast sea of wills cooperated with Fang Yuan, entering the flames.


 Lumps of flames spread out, quickly expanding into a sea of fire.


 The surrounding temperature rose, if rank six Gu Immortals were not putting up a defense, they would instantly melt due to the flames.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, the bloody cape protected him, he stood in the sea of fire but he did not make a move.


 A Heavenly Court Gu Immortal could not help but laugh: "Fang Yuan is not making a move, he looks like he does not have destiny Immortal Gu’s recipe!"


 Fang Yuan looked at the person who was speaking from within the flames, he smiled coldly as he tone carried a hint of pity: "I do not have it, but here in this battlefield, somebody does."


 "Who?!" The fighting immortals all had this question in their heads.


 "Find them and kill them!" The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals subconsciously had such thoughts.


 "Find them and protect them!" The three regions’ Gu Immortals instantly made their decision.


 Fang Yuan silently shifted his gaze towards Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge also looked at him.


 The two looked at each other through the sea of fire, they stared at each other as if the surrounding fights in the battlefield were far away from them.


 Feng Jiu Ge breathed in deeply, he slowly shut his eyes.


 Next, he opened his mouth and started to sing, the tune of destiny song spread throughout the battlefield.


 "Feng Jiu Ge has attacked again!"


 "Let’s kill Fang Yuan, let’s exterminate the human will!"


 "Exterminate the human will first, Fang Yuan is secondary."


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were energized, but at the next moment, they screamed in shock.


 They were not powered up by destiny song, instead, the three regions’ Gu Immortals gained a boost in strength.


 "Feng Jiu Ge, what are you doing?!" Duke Long was furious and shocked, he turned around and looked at Feng Jiu Ge like a furious blood dragon.


 "Father!" Feng Jin Huang’s voice was filled with utter shock, it could be heard clearly as well.


 "Feng Jiu Ge, why are you doing this? You betrayed Heavenly Court! How dare you, how can you do this!!" Qin Ding Ling screamed in a shrill voice, she was extremely furious. In order to nurture Feng Jiu Ge, she had even given him her responsive luck Immortal Gu.


 But Feng Jiu Ge actually ’repaid’ her like this!


 Feng Jiu Ge had a calm expression, he did not stop singing.


 At this very moment, he betrayed Heavenly Court unhesitantly, joining Fang Yuan and the three regions’ allied forces!



***
Chapter 1963 Feng Jiu Ges Red Lotus True Inheritance


***





 



 The tune of destiny song filled the battlefield, but at this moment, Feng Jiu Ge’s opponent was Heavenly Court.


 Regardless of the shock and perplexity of both sides, Feng Jiu Ge was immersed in his own singing, at the same time, memories surfaced in his mind.


 During the second invasion of Lang Ya blessed land...


 Fang Yuan set up a formation in the blessed land, Feng Jiu Ge and Chen Yi were isolated.


 Feng Jiu Ge faced Fang Yuan alone.


 "My Gu worms are vanishing mysteriously! How can this be? This should be a theft path method. Is it Fang Yuan’s method or this formation’s?" Feng Jiu Ge was shocked.


 Because Fang Yuan had theft path methods, Feng Jiu Ge was at a disadvantage.


 As time passed, his Gu worms got stolen one by one, among them were several sound path Immortal Gu.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s battle strength fell greatly, he had to choose to use fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu to escape for now.


 Suppress space Immortal Gu!


 But Fang Yuan suddenly used his prepared method, Feng Jiu Ge failed to escape.


 Immortal killer move — Great Thief Ghost Hand!


 Next, Fang Yuan even stole the Fixed Immortal Travel that he was after.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s heart turned icy cold, he knew that he was in a desperate situation!


 But at this moment, he received Fang Yuan’s secret transmission: "Oh Feng Jiu Ge, I will not kill you, I will not steal fate armor Immortal Gu either. You and I are not on the same side, but you and Heavenly Court are not aligned in beliefs either. Face your true inner self, what do you truly want? Let me ask you, have you started comprehending destiny song already?"


 Feng Jiu Ge initially thought that this was a trap by Fang Yuan to affect his fighting spirit and determination, but soon he became very perplexed.


 Fang Yuan actually slowed down his attacks, he stopped forcing him.


 This made Feng Jiu Ge think involuntarily —


 "What does Fang Yuan mean by this?"


 "He knows I have fate armor Immortal Gu? He reacted so perfectly when we attacked Lang Ya blessed land this time, he made ample preparations, does this mean he used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth?"


 "If he really is reborn, what happened in the previous life? From his words, why does it seem like I will diverge from Heavenly Court?"


 At this time, Fang Yuan transmitted again: "Oh Feng Jiu Ge, I know you are full of questions and suspicions. Don’t worry, as time passes, you will understand what I mean. Next, I will open the formation and give Chen Yi the false impression that he broke it. I am sure he will teleport you away, hehehe, we will meet again, Feng Jiu Ge."


 "Fang Yuan, explain yourself clearly!" Feng Jiu Ge transmitted.


 But at the next moment, an explosion occurred as the formation space that was isolated became connected.


 Chen Yi saw Feng Jiu Ge in danger and quickly shouted loudly: "Hang on, I’m coming!"


 "Be careful, the enemy has a way to steal Gu worms." Feng Jiu Ge hesitated briefly before immediately giving Chen Yi critical information.


 During the fight, Fang Yuan attacked ferociously, he critically injured Feng Jiu Ge, fate armor Immortal Gu was activated.


 In order to save Feng Jiu Ge, Chen Yi used karma relocation.


 Feng Jiu Ge was shocked: "Fang Yuan was right, Chen Yi really had a way to send me out!"


 "Feng Jiu Ge, you managed to escape this time, but next time will be different." Fang Yuan had a plain expression.


 This sentence had a different meaning when it was heard by Feng Jiu Ge.


 ...


 In the battle of Lang Ya blessed land, Heavenly Court lost.


 After the battle, Feng Jiu Ge considered Fang Yuan’s words.


 "He could have killed me but he did not take my life. Why?"


 "Fang Yuan is a demon with a ruthless and vicious personality, he only cares about benefits! He let me go, there is only one reason, I will be a big help to him in the future."


 "But I am a Central Continent member, a prospective member of Heavenly Court, the Dao Guardian of my daughter Feng Jin Huang! Don’t tell me... there will be conflict between me and Heavenly Court?"


 "If Fang Yuan is reborn from the future, does that mean that in his previous life, I opposed Heavenly Court, I was his natural ally?"


 As he held such concerns, Feng Jiu Ge did not inform Fairy Zi Wei of this situation.


 The thing that moved him the most was the destiny song that Fang Yuan mentioned.


 "Destiny song..." Feng Jiu Ge had a vague sensation and inspiration, but his inspiration was too faint and far away, he could not grab onto it.


 But he knew that this was a direction.


 He continued to explore it, soon gaining some fragmented comprehension.


 Until one day, when he was stationed at Embroidered Tower, he looked at the three bloody skins left behind by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable.


 All of the comprehension that he had during this period underwent a qualitative transformation.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s soul was deeply stirred, he could not help but smile: "It seems that my next song will be — Destiny Song!"


 ...


 In the battle of the River of Time.


 Fang Yuan and Feng Jiu Ge met again.


 "How is the creation of destiny song going?" They fought intensely on the surface but Fang Yuan was secretly transmitting to him.


 Feng Jiu Ge: "Fang Yuan, what is it that you know?"


 "Hehehe. Come to the River of Time more often, you should have realized that being here greatly helps your comprehension and creation of destiny song. But the most helpful thing is still the Red Lotus true inheritance on the stone lotus island." Fang Yuan said.


 "What do you mean?" Feng Jiu Ge asked.


 "According to my estimations, that should be a true inheritance that Red Lotus Demon Venerable specially left behind for you, it will help you greatly." Fang Yuan said.


 Feng Jiu Ge hesitated for a moment before answering: "I will not owe you this favor without repaying it. Let me tell you this, in Heavenly Court’s Embroidered Tower, there are three true inheritances left behind by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable. Each one requires a key, they are attitude Gu, mutation Gu, and adaptation Gu."


 "Oh?!" A sharp light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 He did not think that Feng Jiu Ge was lying, the items were inside Heavenly Court, there was no need to lie. Back then, to repay the favor of saving him in the winds of assimilation, Feng Jiu Ge blocked Wu Yong’s assault. Now, it also fitted Feng Jiu Ge’s nature to expose this secret true inheritance to him.


 In this battle, Fang Yuan still let him go, causing Feng Jiu Ge to survive again.


 ...


 Central Continent’s Refinement Path Convention started, multiple battlefields were created as Gu Immortals fought intensely.


 At such a crucial timing, Feng Jiu Ge was instead inside the River of Time.


 "That... really is a stone lotus island?" Feng Jiu Ge was shook internally, the stone lotus island within the mist appeared in front of him, as Fang Yuan had predicted.


 He saw Red Lotus’ will on the island.


 Red Lotus’ will smiled: "You are finally here, Feng Jiu Ge. This is the true inheritance that I left specially for you."


 Feng Jiu Ge frowned: "No matter how much you give me, it will not change my stance."


 Red Lotus’ will shook his head: "I had never thought of bribing you, your choice is your own decision. I just feel that this true inheritance should be left to you. Of course, you can refuse to take it. Even if you destroy it, I am not going to stop you."


 Feng Jiu Ge believed in himself, after considering it, he decided to accept the true inheritance, he immersed himself in a certain segment of the memories of Red Lotus’ life.


 Red Lotus was undergoing tribulation, trying to get to rank nine venerable realm.


 The terrifying might of the calamities and tribulations made Feng Jiu Ge extremely shocked and fearful!


 After the tribulation was over, only half of the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who helped Red Lotus were alive. The most painful thing to Red Lotus was that his wife Liu Shu Xian had died.


 This was his most beloved woman.


 "Don’t leave me, Shu Xian!" Red Lotus hugged Liu Shu Xian as tears poured down his face.


 Liu Shu Xian smiled: "It’s no use, I have been struck by the tribulation. Having a trace of my soul left to take a final look at you is already an enormous fortune. How could I possibly ask for more?"


 "I am useless, I am useless! I underwent tribulation but implicated you!" Hong Ting’s head was lowered with tears rolling down his eyes.


 "No, Hong Ting. That tribulation could only have been blocked by my special physique. Even if you all sacrificed your lives, you would only have failed. I was born with one of the ten extreme physiques and encountered you, it was all fate’s arrangement. In your fatal moment, I suddenly understood the greatest meaning of my life, it was to protect you, to block the tribulation for you and help you ascend to the position of an Immortal Venerable! Now... I have accomplished it."


 "No, No! Xian Er, I would rather not be an Immortal Venerable, I only want you to live, I only want you to live!" Hong Ting roared helplessly, his body was shaking and his tears were falling.


 "Everything and everyone in this world has its own respective fate, it is fixed. Hong Ting, you cannot have such thoughts, you need to live on properly, your fate is to become an Immortal Venerable, lead Heavenly Court and spread the glory of the righteous path throughout the five regions... Do you know? I had always been wanting to see that scene, standing by your side and accompanying you as you bring fortune to the world with invincible might. Unfortunately, I won’t be able to see it..."


 Liu Shu Xian’s life force gradually fell, until she died.


 Hong Ting’s head was lowered and his back was bent deeply like an old man, a heavy shadow shrouded his face.


 At this moment, he seemed to have lost all signs of life.


 Incomparable grief, it was as if his heart had died!


 Regret Gu formed in Red Lotus’ immortal aperture, he decided to change everything. For the sake of this, he turned on Duke Long and Heavenly Court.


 He went on the opposite path!


 Red Lotus used Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth tens or hundreds of times.


 The tribulation faded, this time, even though Liu Shu Xian was heavily injured, she still had one breath left.


 "Xian Er, you are still alive, you are still alive, this is great!" Red Lotus was overjoyed.


 Guh.


 Liu Shu Xian suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, her last breath was used up.


 "Xian Er!!" Red Lotus was shocked, he looked at Liu Shu Xian’s corpse in a daze as his eyes turned red.


 "I can still do it, I can see hope. As long as I continue working hard, I will definitely become strong enough to save Xian Er’s life!" A fierce light flashed in Red Lotus’ eyes, he muttered to himself as if he had gone into a demonic trance.


 Rebirth after rebirth, he continued to be reborn.


 Using the advantage of rebirth, he got stronger and stronger, he became more capable of handling different situations. He had abundant experience, he made use of every portion of resources and elevated his strength to his greatest limit.


 However, like an endless loop, each time, he had to face the tribulation of becoming a venerable.


 The scale and might of the tribulation was adjusted according to the changes that happened to Red Lotus! This made sure that the result of the tribulation had never changed.


 Those Gu Immortals that should have died still died, including Liu Shu Xian.


 Red Lotus continued to try without giving up. Ten times, a hundred times, a thousand times, ten thousand times!


 He analyzed, he calculated, he maximized the value of every single resource he had, he asked for all the help he needed from Heavenly Court to the best of their ability.


 ...


 "Xian Er!" Red Lotus hugged Liu Shu Xian.


 Liu Shu Xian gave him a final glance: "It is great that you are safe." After saying that, she died.


 ...


 "Xian Er!" Red Lotus hugged Liu Shu Xian again.


 Liu Shu Xian did not have the strength to talk, she exerted her strength and wanted to raise her hand to touch Red Lotus’ face but she did not succeed. Midway, her arms fell to the ground.


 ...


 "Xian Er!" Red Lotus shouted furiously, he watched as Liu Shu Xian was reduced to ashes within the lightning tribulation.


 ...


 "Shu Xian." Red Lotus looked at Liu Shu Xian who was badly poisoned, his footsteps slowed down.


 Liu Shu Xian’s entire body was black-purple, poisonous blood flowed out of her seven orifices, she smiled pitifully: "Hong Ting, don’t be sad because of me. All the sacrifices are worth it, you must become a venerable, you will lead Heavenly Court and the whole of humanity."


 These were her final words.


 Red Lotus stopped walking, he stared at the pool of poisonous water formed from Liu Shu Xian’s corpse, he held his fist as he gritted his teeth: "She died again! I need to continue working harder!!"


 ...


 "Shu Xian!" After the tribulation, Red Lotus flew towards Liu Shu Xian again.


 Liu Shu Xian shook her head, she was pale: "I am going to die, I can no longer accompany you, my most beloved."


 "It will depend on the situation to see if you die. Let me check!" Red Lotus had not given up.


 "I know my own condition, listen to me, at the final moment of my life, I want to tell you..." Liu Shu Xian’s aura got weaker as she spoke weakly with pauses in the middle.


 Red Lotus did not listen to her, he was focused on inspecting her body condition.


 The result was that there was no way to save her, by the time he reacted, Liu Shu Xian who was in his arms had already died.


 "There must be some way, I can definitely improve further!" Red Lotus reminded himself.


 ...


 Attempts after attempts, failure after failure.


 It was as if Hong Ting was trapped, no matter what method he used, even if he avoided the tribulation, Liu Shu Xian still died.


 Feng Jiu Ge watched Red Lotus fail time and time again, he repeated attempts after attempts, an intense feeling of sadness and grief accumulated in his heart.


 He watched as Red Lotus screamed, he watched as Red Lotus got agitated, he watched as Red Lotus gritted his teeth, he watched as Red Lotus left in hatred, as he went through another cycle of rebirth.


 Each time, Red Lotus carried hope, but he gained disappointment instead.


 The tribulation to become venerable was unavoidable, he could not give up on it, but he could not control it either.


 Liu Shu Xian was a wall that could not be avoided. Each time Red Lotus was reborn, he would need to accept this cruel fact. Each time he tried, he would see his beloved woman die in the end. Each time he got injured, the pain in his heart would be the same as physical pain on his body, but Red Lotus still continued to rebirth, it was as if he were holding a knife to his heart, stabbing at it continuously.


 Even though Feng Jiu Ge held deep admiration and sympathy for Red Lotus, he alerted himself to control his emotions, this might be a venerable method after all.


 As an observer, Feng Jiu Ge kept a cool perspective, he gradually realized: In the initial stages, Red Lotus would still scream at heaven in great agony whenever she died.


 But towards the later stages, Red Lotus stubbornly analyzed the situation with a rational mind, his expression was dark.


 At the final stage, Red Lotus’ efficiency got higher and higher, whenever he saw that Liu Shu Xian could not be saved, he would instantly rebirth without any hesitation.


 Finally, there was one attempt.


 Liu Shu Xian fell on the ground, the bones in her entire body were broken, she laid in a pool of blood with her final breath left.


 Red Lotus descended rapidly, quickly approaching her.


 "Hong Ting... I am going to die, you must..." Liu Shu Xian smiled, watching as Red Lotus rapidly approached her.


 Red Lotus had a cold expression, he looked at her impassively: "There is no saving you. I failed again but it is alright, I will never give up, I am going to try once more."


 Liu Shu Xian was shocked: "Hong Ting, what are you saying?"


 Red Lotus turned around and left as Liu Shu Xian who was behind him called out with her dying breath: "Hong Ting..."


 Red Lotus moved quickly initially but when he heard Liu Shu Xian’s desperate cry, his footsteps slowed down as he came to a halt.


 He looked down at his two hands.


 In the deathly silence, Red Lotus stared with wide eyes, his body started to shake.


 Suddenly, he felt like he could see himself, at this moment, he felt utter shock, there was a sense of immense fear in him.



***
Chapter 1964 Red Lotus Death


***





 



 "Why? Why did I become such a scary person?"


 In the past, Hong Ting would feel grief at Liu Shu Xian’s death, he would feel regret and hatred. He would hug Liu Shu Xian’s corpse as he knelt on the ground, crying his heart out.


 But now?


 Facing Liu Shu Xian’s death, seeing the final moment of Liu Shu Xian’s life, towards the lover who only wanted to spend her final breath talking to her most beloved, Red Lotus turned around and left!


 Was this Liu Shu Xian not the real Liu Shu Xian?


 Of course she was real!


 Red Lotus was clear about this.


 She was still her, that same Liu Shu Xian, regardless of how many times Red Lotus was reborn, her determination and actions had never changed. She was willing to sacrifice herself to protect her lover, she used her life to block his venerable tribulation!


 But...


 Liu Shu Xian was still Liu Shu Xian, but Hong Ting was no longer the same Hong Ting.


 "Since when did it start? Since when did I turn into this?" Red Lotus asked his inner self.


 This question was not hard at all, he soon found the answer.


 His countless rebirths, his countless attempts, the countless times Liu Shu Xian died, and the countless times he received disappointment!


 His heart was hurt time and again, he bled each time, before the scab formed, Hong Ting tore open his wounds once more.


 He was hurt too many times, he felt pain too many times, he regretted too many times.


 Too many times indeed, eventually, he got used to it, he became... gradually numb.


 Thus, he started to calculate with precision.


 Thus, he started to analyze rationally.


 He used every resource he had to strengthen himself and equip himself. He tried different methods in search of the strongest and most likely solution to preserve Liu Shu Xian’s life when he underwent his tribulation.


 When he started to think rationally, when he started to feel rational about Liu Shu Xian’s death, even though he forced himself to be rational at the start, he changed.


 Next, slowly, step by step, he turned into someone that he did not recognize.


 This person made him feel extremely shocked and fearful.


 Followed by a deep sense of helplessness!


 This scene left an extremely deep impression in Feng Jiu Ge —


 Red Lotus stood on the spot, lowering his arms, he was young but his back was hunched, like an old man about to die.


 Silently, two trails of tears flowed down his cheeks.


 Silently weeping.


 Behind Red Lotus, there was Liu Shu Xian who called him with her dying breath, hoping that he would turn around, so that she could see her most beloved person at the final moment of her life.


 But Red Lotus did not turn around to look at her.


 Red Lotus no longer loved her.


 After all, if he really loved this person in his heart and she was about to die, would he coldly turn around to leave?


 Of course he would not!


 Even though his goal was to use rebirth to save Liu Shu Xian, that was only a deeply rooted objective that he had.


 The reason behind it was no longer love.


 It was truly laughable.


 He wanted to save the most beloved person in his life, but along the way, Red Lotus lost his love.


 No matter how many times Liu Shu Xian died, she did not betray him, she sacrificed herself for him.


 But Red Lotus himself had changed.


 He betrayed his past self, he betrayed Liu Shu Xian.


 He wanted to rebirth and change the past, but to think that it was rebirth that changed him.


 From now what, what should he do?


 Since he no longer loved Liu Shu Xian, why should he continue to rebirth and try to save her?


 Of course, he had other regrets, he loved his parents deeply.


 But did Red Lotus dare to attempt this?


 He could almost tell the results already. After witnessing the death of his parents time and again, he would get used to it, he would get numb, he would accept this result that was decreed by fate.


 Red Lotus did not dare!


 Then, should he accept this result? After rebirth, should he pretend to be unaware of everything, to follow the path set by Fate and become a venerable, before becoming the Heavenly Court Immortal Venerable that everyone including his master wanted to see?


 Red Lotus did not want that!


 He still had love in his heart, towards his parents and master. Because there was love, there was also regret.


 He also had hatred in his heart, he hated Fate, because he no longer loved Liu Shu Xian, he also hated himself. He had all sorts of complex emotions in his heart, Red Lotus was unsure about them himself.


 Red Lotus asked himself truthfully, he inspected his inner self.


 He still wanted to destroy fate Gu.


 But the intention was already different.


 He started to research and found more of the hidden profundities within \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e. When he comprehended the crucial factor, love Gu, he successfully used it to save Liu Shu Xian’s life!


 Of course, the price was that Red Lotus succeeded in the tribulation but did not become venerable.


 As an observer, Feng Jiu Ge understood clearly: This was definitely a major breakthrough!


 The venerable tribulation could not be controlled by man.


 No matter how Red Lotus stalled it, he had to undergo tribulation eventually.


 But using love Immortal Gu, he finally changed a fixed result! Instead of dying, Liu Shu Xian managed to survive.


 Of course, there was a backlash of Red Lotus not becoming venerable, that was also a result.


 Both results changed!


 "Shu Xian, Shu Xian, you are still alive! You finally survived!" Red Lotus who succeeded was very excited, he hugged Liu Shu Xian.


 Liu Shu Xian was in low spirits: "What is going on? Hong Ting, you did not become venerable?!"


 Red Lotus laughed loudly: "That is because I used love Gu. Do you know how many times I was reborn while trying to save you? You should have died during the tribulation, but because of my countless attempts, I researched the human path methods contained within \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e..."


 Red Lotus was incredibly excited, he talked about his difficult journey, his experiences and hard work, the trials and ordeals that he went through each time in his experimentation.


 "But I finally succeeded, I finally succeeded!" Red Lotus raised his arms and cheered: "Even though this is a minor change, this is the proper direction. One day, I will succeed completely!"


 Slap.


 A crisp sound was heard as Liu Shu Xian gave Red Lotus a slap.


 Red Lotus instantly froze, his cheering came to a stop as he stared at Liu Shu Xian.


 Liu Shu Xian’s eyes had tears: "Hong Ting, are you still yourself? You actually had such heretical thoughts? You actually wanted to change the past! You defied fate, no wonder you failed to become venerable after the tribulation! You did all these just so I could survive?"


 "All those people who helped you in the tribulation, what about the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who were sacrificed? You said that you are doing all this for me, but have you ever considered my feelings?!"


 "I, Liu Shu Xian, was born with one of the ten extreme physiques and encountered you, it was all fate’s arrangement. In your fatal moment, I understood the greatest meaning of my life, it was to protect you, to block the tribulation for you and help you ascend to the position of an Immortal Venerable!"


 "But you actually did this! For me, you abandoned the most precious chance to become venerable!"


 "If you cannot become venerable, what will happen to Heavenly Court? What will happen to the world? What about humanity?"


 "You forgot your master’s teachings, you let down the expectations of your deceased parents! I am truly hurt, my heart really hurts!"


 "I would rather sacrifice myself!"


 "Your love towards me is just a small love. Greater love is for humanity, for the myriad living beings in this world!"


 "Hong Ting, I am truly disappointed in you."


 Liu Shu Xian cried profusely.


 Red Lotus stared at Liu Shu Xian in a daze, after a long while, he let out a breath of air.


 "So that was it." Red Lotus had a calm expression, his gaze became eerie and dark.


 Liu Shu Xian grabbed his arms: "Quickly think of a method, you must have some way, right? Let everything return to its original path as decreed by Fate, even if I have to be sacrificed. How can our love compare to the greater love of heaven and earth, how can it compare to the grand ambitions of Heavenly Court?"


 "Guh!" Liu Shu Xian’s body suddenly shook, she lowered her head as she looked at her chest.


 Red Lotus’s hand directly stabbed into her heart, it was a fatal blow!


 Liu Shu Xian looked at her lover in disbelief.


 "Maybe killing you will return everything to its original path." Red Lotus looked at Liu Shu Xian in the eye as he said plainly.


 Liu Shu Xian showed a blissful smile as he said: "Hong Ting, I was not wrong about you. Please... please become a venerable."


 At the next moment, she died again.


 Similar to the countless times Red Lotus had experienced, Liu Shu Xian died again.


 But compared to the countless times Red Lotus had experienced, there was a difference.


 Liu Shu Xian was truly dead!


 In Red Lotus’s heart, she was completely dead!


 From then on, she never lived again.


 Red Lotus looked at her corpse with calm emotions, there was not even any ripple in his heart.


 The woman he had once loved deeply, he was willing to give up anything for her, he was reborn time and time again, working hard to save this woman who he had never given up on.


 But now, he killed her.


 He personally killed her!


 Red Lotus felt no regret in his heart, he even gained some insight.


 The cause of this tragedy was in Heavenly Court, it was fate Gu.


 At this moment, his determination to destroy fate Gu could not be any firmer!


 Feng Jiu Ge felt the scene in front of him change.


 Heavenly Court.


 The battle was over, the entire area was in ruins.


 On the damaged top floor of Heaven Overseeing Tower, Duke Long and Red Lotus faced each other.


 Duke Long had evidently undergone a tough battle, he was covered in blood and injuries.


 He looked at Red Lotus as he sighed deeply: "Oh Hong Ting, one mistake leads to countless mistakes, to think that you have already reached this point. You want to destroy fate Gu? Go ahead."


 Saying this, Duke Long took the initiative to give way!


 Red Lotus was slightly shocked, he walked towards fate Gu. Most Gu worms had fragile bodies, but no matter how much force he used, fate Gu was like the strongest object in the world, he could not destroy it.


 "Regardless of what method you use, you cannot destroy fate Gu. Hong Ting, you are not the only one, be they Limitless Demon Venerable or Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, they came here in the past, but their methods were all useless against fate Gu."


 "In this world, only a complete otherworldly demon can destroy fate Gu! But otherworldly demons are not complete when they come into our world. Thus, nobody in this world can destroy fate Gu."


 Duke Long said this as he showed intense fatigue: "Hong Ting, come back! It is not too late to turn over a new leaf! Even though you have sinned greatly and made many mistakes, Heavenly Court and I are willing to give you a chance to redeem yourself, we can start over again!"


 Even at this point, Duke Long was still urging Red Lotus, he was unwilling to give up.


 Red Lotus was silent for a long time, he turned around to face Duke Long, smiling: "Oh master, since the two Demon Venerables could not destroy fate Gu, why did you not place fate Gu in front of me from the start, to let me try doing so and give up?"


 Duke Long was silent.


 Red Lotus continued as he smiled: "That means you are afraid too, right? You are afraid that I might have a brand new method that is able to destroy fate Gu."


 Duke Long smiled bitterly: "Of course. Times are changing, Gu cultivation paths are emerging endlessly. Many theories in the past are no longer appropriate now, even I am unsure if there is really a way to destroy fate Gu. But at this time, I can no longer stop you, I can only take a risk and try. But you’ve seen the result yourself, too?"


 Red Lotus pondered: "Fate Gu arranged the lives of everyone and everything in this world, you and I, even a rock or a ripple in a lake is part of this. But master, have you ever thought about it?"


 "A human is not a rock nor a ripple, we have cognition. If a person is not happy with the life arranged by fate, what should this person do?"


 Duke Long looked at Red Lotus: "You’ve read \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e too, when Ren Zu met fate Gu, he tried to escape from its restraints and pursue freedom Gu. What happened to him? He did not manage to grasp freedom, he lost himself and became insane, he sank into madness!"


 "This is the outcome, this is the warning! A person has to accept their fate and live their life, they have to shoulder the responsibilities given to them by fate, they need to do what they are tasked to do!!"


 Red Lotus laughed loudly: "I understand, thank you master for the teaching."


 Duke Long saw that his expression was strange, he felt something amiss.


 At the next moment, extreme fear and shock appeared on Duke Long’s face.


 He found that as Red Lotus exerted strength in his fingers, the fate Gu in his hand was actually shaking lightly, cracks appeared all over its body.


 "Red Lotus!!" Duke Long was furious, he attacked.


 He went all out!


 Red Lotus did not dodge at all, he was hit by Duke Long.


 This was a fatal injury!


 "You?!" Duke Long was shocked, he suddenly realized that Red Lotus had purposely angered him so that he would deal a fatal blow.


 At the final moment of his life, Red Lotus still smiled as he faced Duke Long: "Master, I’ve always admired and cared for you, even after countless rebirths, my admiration towards you have never decreased."


 "But now, I need you to understand something. Look at me."


 "Fate has given such preferential treatment to me, arranging such high status and accomplishments. But I was not happy, I wanted to rebel. Then let me ask you, in this world, there are countless others who lead worse lives than me, what do they think of Fate?"


 "People are not rocks or ripples, we have cognition. The truth is, cognitive madness is the most scary thing, it is the most powerful!"


 Saying so, Red Lotus handed fate Gu to Duke Long.


 "This is all I can do."


 "Love Gu is able to damage Fate. Hehehe, master, are you shocked?"


 "It is a pity that I am not an otherworldly demon."


 "But I tried my best to make arrangements, I did everything that I could. I left hope for the future! Other than that, there is nothing to look forward to in my life, I might as well die like this now."


 "But I believe that one day, one day in the future, fate Gu will be destroyed! Even if it is not me, someone else will do it."


 "I want to believe that in the future, I will not be alone, a group of people will attempt to destroy Fate."


 "Master, you cannot stop it, Heavenly Court cannot stop it, because you cannot stop people from thinking with their free will!"



***
Chapter 1965 He Was Still Feng Jiu Ge


***





 



 On stone lotus island, Feng Jiu Ge browsed through the memories left behind by Red Lotus.


 He returned to reality.


 Red Lotus’ will was like a real person, extremely vivid: "Other than my memories, I have two things for you. One is rank eight future self killer move, the other is the Immortal Gu recipe of destiny Gu."


 Next, Red Lotus’ will explained in detail: "Rank eight future self killer move will allow you to instantly gain pseudo venerable battle strength. After all, you are the Dao Guardian of the predestined Great Dream Immortal Venerable. In history, as long as Dao Guardians matured, they would have such a cultivation level. Future self will also allow you to utilize your strongest state in the future at this moment."


 "As for destiny Gu’s Immortal Gu recipe, even though it is just an incomplete Gu recipe, it was created according to the destiny song that you will create in the future. It has the same origin as your destiny song."


 "A thousand years later, you will create the complete destiny song. But I cannot give it to you directly, because fate Gu is not destroyed completely yet, it will not allow this."


 "Thus, I used another method, converting it into a rank nine destiny Gu recipe, it will be a huge help to you, you will comprehend destiny song in its initial form."


 Feng Jiu Ge was moved.


 The true inheritance from Red Lotus’ will was completely suited for his needs, he could not refuse.


 But he did not lose his cool, he acutely sensed the meaning behind Red Lotus’ will’s words.


 "The initial form of destiny song?" Feng Jiu Ge asked.


 Red Lotus’s will nodded: "Indeed. For the following thousand years, you will modify destiny song many times. Eventually, you will make this killer move extremely profound, at the last modification, this killer move will actually possess the ability to grow on its own. The more Gu Immortals hit by it, the more it can extract the power of destiny from them to grow further. This is an excellent killer move."


 "However, I need to remind you something. As long as fate Gu still exists, your destiny song will be suppressed and sealed."


 Feng Jiu Ge shook his head: "Red Lotus Demon Venerable, thank you for the true inheritance. I understand what you mean, in fact, before now, Fang Yuan had already reminded me many times. But I will not destroy Fate or resist Heavenly Court just because of your true inheritance."


 Red Lotus’ will smiled lightly: "I am not asking for anything. I am only sharing my experience with you, I placed this crucial strength to break free from fate in your hands, as for your choice, that is up to you. The decision will be made by you in the end, won’t it?"


 Feng Jiu Ge left the stone lotus island with a heavy heart.


 Fate showed preferential treatment for Red Lotus Demon Venerable, even though it took his parents and lover, he was given unparalleled talent and aptitude, he had supreme strength and status. But Red Lotus was not willing to accept this.


 People were not puppets, they had their own thoughts.


 "Even the venerable Red Lotus was like this, what about me, a Dao Guardian?" Feng Jiu Ge thought about himself.


 Seeing the growth of Feng Jin Huang could truly bring joy and happiness to her parents.


 Let alone his Dao Guardian status, even without it, why would Feng Jiu Ge not defend his own daughter?


 "But, is this Dao Guardian status something I like and truly desire?" Feng Jiu Ge asked himself in his heart.


 The truth was, nobody had ever asked him about it.


 Be they Duke Long, Qin Ding Ling, or even the supreme elders of Spirit Affinity House, nobody asked him.


 It was as if this status was glory, it was something natural to accept, Feng Jiu Ge should have been overjoyed to receive it, there was no need to ask such a redundant question.


 But was it really that case?


 Feng Jiu Ge thought of another deeper question: "Why do people live?"


 This problem was just too broad and deep, the answer varied according to the person, a thousand people would come up with a thousand answers, in fact, even the same person would have different answers at different time periods.


 Feng Jiu Ge could not answer this question.


 He could only take a step back and ask himself truthfully: "For what purpose do I live?"


 Feng Jiu Ge could not help but think back to his life experience.


 He loved music when he was young, he did not hesitate to cultivate sound path.


 From the start of his cultivation journey, he wanted to create a total of nine songs, to express himself, to express all living beings, and to express heaven and earth.


 After that, he found a fortuitous encounter in a mountain valley, he by chance discovered the inheritance left behind by a sound path great expert, Spatial Sound Immortal Master.


 He started to cultivate in the valley alone, feeling no loneliness at all. He was immersed in the delight of music, he cultivated and lived every day in a fulfilling manner. In this valley, he easily passed the crucial tribulation and became a rank six Gu Immortal without causing a commotion.


 After becoming a Gu Immortal, Feng Jiu Ge did not have any emotion of pride or desire to show off.


 Everything was natural, plain and simple.


 He continued to cultivate in the valley and develop his immortal aperture, going from rank six to rank seven.


 One day, two Gu Immortals arrived in the valley, they sang with Feng Jiu Ge.


 Back then, it was nighttime with the moon hanging high and light wind blowing gently, causing ripples in a glittering lake in the valley.


 As the three Gu Immortals sang in harmony, time flew by rapidly, and they had sung till dawn.


 The three stopped singing and started laughing. They did not greet each other, but left full of joy.


 Afterwards, the two were framed and hunted by the righteous path, after Feng Jiu Ge learned of this, he did not hesitate, he stepped forward to help them.


 Thereafter, the unstoppable legend was created, he fought against all ten great ancient sects alone, he became a renowned champion in the world!


 The ten great ancient sects lost their reputation, they accused Feng Jiu Ge of being a demonic cultivator and joined forces to resist him.


 Feng Jiu Ge was not afraid, fighting as he continuously traveled a huge distance, suddenly changing his tactic and going for the enemy headquarters, causing the ten sects to lose miserably. The scene was total chaos and there was nothing anyone could do.


 During this process, Feng Jiu Ge met with Spirit Affinity House’s Fairy Bai Qing, they developed feelings for each other, Feng Jiu Ge went into Spirit Affinity House and became a righteous path member.


 Afterwards, Spirit Affinity House’s reputation soared, by relying on Feng Jiu Ge’s strength, their territory expanded, firmly suppressing the other nine ancient sects.


 Following that, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, Feng Jiu Ge led his group to investigate the situation.


 Thus, a series of future events occurred, he was by chance saved by Fang Yuan and repaid the debt in Southern Border, blocking Wu Yong for him. After repaying the debt, Feng Jiu Ge chased after Fang Yuan again.


 Until this point, Fang Yuan let Feng Jiu Ge go multiple times and even reminded and guided him to the stone lotus island, gaining a Red Lotus true inheritance.


 "If my entire life’s journey was arranged by fate Gu, was I willingly living this life?"


 Feng Jiu Ge shook his head, he was more willing to see it from another perspective: "It was all my choice! Back then, I chose to stand up for the two immortals, I gave up my life of peaceful seclusion because of the anger in my heart, I wanted to seek justice."


 "I married Fairy Bai Qing and had a child with her, that was because I loved her. I taught my daughter Feng Jin Huang and raised her into an adult, that was also my love to my child. It was not decreed by Fate."


 "If Fate wants me to lose Bai Qing and Jin Huang, will I do the same as Red Lotus?"


 "If I have a good chance at this moment, in which as long as I make a move, I can destroy Fate, will I do it?"


 Destroying Fate went against his own benefits. After all, Feng Jin Huang was the Great Dream Immortal Venerable decreed by fate Gu!


 "But does Feng Jin Huang herself really want to become Great Dream Immortal Venerable?"


 Feng Jiu Ge suddenly realized that just like how nobody had asked him if he wanted his status as a Dao Guardian, nobody had asked Feng Jin Huang if she really wanted to become Great Dream Immortal Venerable.


 Including Feng Jiu Ge himself!


 It was as if everything was natural and a matter of fact, there was nothing to question.


 Feng Jiu Ge asked himself an even deeper question.


 "If Huang Er likes the fate of becoming Great Dream Immortal Venerable, while fate Gu is right in front of me and I can easily destroy it. Then, will I do it?"


 This question made Feng Jiu Ge hesitate, he was unsure, he was perplexed, he was lost.


 Reality did not give him time or space to think about this closely.


 The battle to repair fate Gu was still in heated commotion now, Feng Jiu Ge had to join the battle.


 On Hairy Foot Mountain, he saved Feng Jin Huang by singing destiny song.


 With rank eight future self, he was one of the strongest Gu Immortals in the world. Destiny song’s power made even Di Zang Sheng falter.


 On the battlefield, Feng Jiu Ge met with Fang Yuan once again.


 Fang Yuan transmitted secretly: "Oh Feng Jiu Ge, you finally created destiny song. What do you think of this killer move?"


 Feng Jiu Ge was silent.


 He had to admit that this was truly his song, it was a song that he would create with his personality. His voice was contained in this song.


 Yes, he did not want to acknowledge the existence of fate, but he felt deep emotions towards the cruelty and profundity of fate. He observed the lives of countless people, they had their highs and lows, he saw the hope, struggle, joy, happiness, sadness, and despair of these people..."


 "If one says that fate is fixed while luck is a variable, then I desire that variable to exist within the people and all lifeforms, these changes should occur from one’s own choice!"


 Feng Jiu Ge understood the truest intention in his heart.


 "I did not create fate song, I created destiny song! This is the most honest thought I have in my inner heart."


 At this moment, he realized the scheme that Fang Yuan and Red Lotus Demon Venerable had plotted.


 They knew about his nature, so they did not try to convince him. They only passed destiny song to Feng Jiu Ge, and used Feng Jiu Ge’s voice to convince himself.


 Indeed.


 This destiny song that Feng Jiu Ge sang allowed him to support the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals and raise their strength. When he sang for the enemies, they would weaken. But the truth was, he was singing for himself, he was singing to understand his true feelings!


 And thus, he understood.


 He loved Fairy Bai Qing, he also loved his daughter Feng Jiu Ge. But Feng Jiu Ge was not alive for their sake.


 His wife and daughter were just choices he made in his life journey, they were part of his life, but not the entirety.


 "For what purpose am I alive?"


 This question brought him back to the starting point, he wanted to sing nine songs, to express life, to express heaven and earth!


 Currently, he had already created nine songs. But he has not sang everything about life and the world yet, he had to continue singing.


 But as he sang, fate restrained him, it was like an invisible pair of hands strangling him, how could he sing freely like this?


 Seeing that Feng Jiu Ge did not reply to him, Fang Yuan transmitted while in intense combat: "Oh Feng Jiu Ge, your voice is your aspiration, how can the person who created destiny song be aligned with Heavenly Court?"


 Feng Jiu Ge was calm as he replied secretly: "You know me well! But even so, I will not join you. Unless you can create a situation where we can easily destroy Fate, otherwise, I will not help you before that. Heavenly Court and Central Continent have treated me well, so everything still depends on you."


 Fang Yuan chuckled: "Then watch properly."


 Next, he purposely got hit by Duke Long, he fell towards Embroidered Tower, activating Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s hidden arrangement.


 Unexpected to Feng Jiu Ge, Fang Yuan used Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s strength to overwhelm heaven, directly destroying fate Gu.


 After that, upon hearing Duke Long’s words, Feng Jiu Ge realized that the battle had not ended yet.


 When Red Lotus’ will appeared once more, Feng Jiu Ge gradually realized the plot that Red Lotus Demon Venerable had set.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan asked for destiny Gu’s recipe, Feng Jiu Ge finally took action.


 He helped Fang Yuan, he was also making his own choice!


 In the past, when he helped the two immortals while challenging the ten great ancient sects, he had once said: "Neither demonic nor righteous, there is only Feng Jiu Ge in this world. To leave or to stay, I decide my own life and death."


 Now, should he stay or leave?


 This question could not puzzle him anymore.


 He, Feng Jiu Ge, had turned from the demonic path to the righteous path, now, it was time to go back!


 Because Feng Jiu Ge was still Feng Jiu Ge in the end.



***
Chapter 1966 Great Era!


***





 



 "Feng Jiu Ge!" Duke Long screamed, charging towards him.


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Claw Strike!


 Immortal killer move — Spiraling Dragon Fang!


 Claw marks emerged, nearly ten feet long, cutting through the air with invincible might. Dragon fangs flew everywhere, like piercing sharp blades, circling and flying while emitting murderous aura.


 Feng Jiu Ge retreated slowly as he continued to sing his destiny song.


 Around him, there were several clones, they looked like him but had mystical powers.


 Immortal killer move — Song Warrior!


 Song warriors fought for Feng Jiu Ge, not only blocking the dragon claws and fangs but even fighting against Duke Long.


 After several rounds, Duke Long destroyed a song warrior.


 But next, a brand new song warrior appeared on the battlefield, engaging with Duke Long in combat.


 Duke Long instantly understood that killing these clones was pointless, the true way to fight was to go after the source, to directly deal with Feng Jiu Ge.


 Immortal killer move — Dragon Gate.


 Duke Long crossed a large distance and approached Feng Jiu Ge.


 Feng Jiu Ge calmly activated yang pass tune as he pulled apart their distance once again.


 Duke Long was unable to fight Feng Jiu Ge in close combat, he could only use qi path killer moves to attack at a distance.


 Feng Jiu Ge showed no fear, his destiny song continued to weaken Duke Long while he used his hands to unleash the triple extreme sound killer move, with drum fist, bell palm, and finger whistle.


 Feng Jiu Ge fought against Duke Long while exchanging many blows, they unexpectedly were evenly matched!


 Rank eight future self brought a qualitative transformation to Feng Jiu Ge’s battle strength.


 While the three regions’ Gu Immortals hesitated on whether to help Feng Jiu Ge, they were shocked to realize: Feng Jiu Ge did not need anyone’s help!


 The battle strength he displayed shocked everyone.


 Duke Long was unable to take down Feng Jiu Ge, he was shocked and furious. At this point, he realized that even though Feng Jiu Ge was fighting earlier, he had been keeping his true strength hidden, he did not use his full power at all.


 Right now, Duke Long wanted to destroy Red Lotus’ scheme. But Fang Yuan was a tough enemy, Duke Long knew about his strength, so he chose to fight Feng Jiu Ge instead.


 As long as Feng Jiu Ge was disrupted and destiny song failed to activate, then Fang Yuan and the others would not have the Immortal Gu recipe, they would not succeed.


 But Feng Jiu Ge’s strength far exceeded Duke Long’s expectations, he could only attack more aggressively while trying to take down Feng Jiu Ge as soon as possible.


 Duke Long was stalled by Feng Jiu Ge, while Wu Shuai controlled Dragon Palace to defend Fang Yuan’s main body, Calamity Luck Altar was blocking Demon Judgment Board.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals unleashed a storm of attacks but the other three regions’ Gu Immortals and Di Zang Sheng stopped them.


 The battle situation was tilting in the favor of the three regions’ Gu Immortals, but Fang Yuan was facing a problem now.


 The sea of human wills was vast and turbulent.


 Using the human wills as Gu material to refine destiny Gu was wishful thinking.


 But it was a possible method.


 Under the effect of destiny song, the human wills and flames merged, refined into a mystical Gu material that was formless and colorless.


 Fang Yuan, who was controlling this Gu refinement session, had to endure the terrifying waves of human wills. He had to calm the human wills like subduing tides, sending them to the respective tributaries.


 Fang Yuan’s expression quickly turned dark, his veins were bulging on his forehead, thoughts collided endlessly in his mind, he could not keep up with this expenditure, his storage of thoughts was rapidly used up, about to be emptied!


 At the periphery of the battlefield, Spectral Soul and his servants kept a close watch on the situation.


 Fairy Zi Wei saw Fang Yuan’s expression as she analyzed: "Oh no, Fang Yuan is not in good shape. I know about his wisdom path foundation, he is most skilled at blocking deductions and concealing his true location. But this refinement expends his thoughts and focuses on his cognitive ability. The sea of human will is truly terrifying, even I myself cannot last long in it."


 But Spectral Soul smiled lightly, saying calmly: "Don’t worry, a certain venerable has already prepared for this. Fang Yuan should know what to do."


 Spectral Soul could not help but recall the past.


 When he was still alive, exploring Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 There, he found wisdom Gu, he also saw Giant Sun’s special will left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Back then, he wanted to immediately take wisdom Gu for himself.


 "Spectral Soul, I would like you to let wisdom Gu remain here." Giant Sun’s special will had to show up and stop him.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable smiled coldly: "You can’t stop me."


 Giant Sun’s special will nodded: "Of course, you are the current Demon Venerable, invincible in the world, I have no way of stopping you. But I am sure you have made a deal with Red Lotus Demon Venerable already?"


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s expression changed, before coming here, he had obtained one Red Lotus true inheritance, he made a deal with Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 "You mean to say?" Spectral Soul Demon Venerable hesitated.


 "That’s right, my main body has made arrangements in this wisdom Gu. When the crucial person arrives, he will destroy Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, this wisdom Gu will go along with him." Giant Sun’s special will said openly.


 "So that’s it." Spectral Soul Demon Venerable looked at wisdom Gu deeply but did not take it.


 At this moment.


 "I’ve already given it my best effort... it seems I need to use wisdom Gu after all." Fang Yuan sighed.


 By now, he had already guessed many of the venerable arrangements.


 Wisdom Gu was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangement, but unlike those of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable and Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it had activated long ago. Back then, Fang Yuan was unaware of this.


 Fang Yuan had just opened his immortal aperture’s entrance when wisdom Gu flew out by itself, floating above Fang Yuan as it emitted a divine radiance.


 Fang Yuan instantly felt relaxed as his expression went back to normal, he felt a sense of ease.


 "So that’s it." He inspected it closely, realizing: "Wisdom Gu is one of the Gu materials, no wonder it is so effective. With the addition of wisdom Gu, my thoughts are expended more slowly, but my immortal essence expenditure is huge. This rate of consumption is not something I can sustain."


 Even though the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time was very fast and could accumulate immortal essence rapidly, Fang Yuan had undergone many intense battles, the expenditure was high as well.


 Once he fails to keep up with the expenditure, the Gu refinement would be forced to stop, Fang Yuan would suffer an overwhelmingly terrifying backlash!


 But Fang Yuan was not flustered, he was cool as ice.


 He knew clearly, at this point in time, the venerables were not going to watch by the side.


 As long as he still had a trace of value, he was irreplaceable, the venerables could not allow him to die at this moment.


 "Next, it should be your turn to take action, Giant Sun..."


 Far away in black heaven, a dark gold palace floated quietly in the sky.


 In the palace, immortal zombie Giant Sun slowly opened his eyes.


 He looked towards the south, the scenes in Heavenly Court were reflected in his eyes.


 "We have finally reached this moment." Immortal zombie Giant Sun smiled before sighing to himself lightly: "Red Lotus, it was your scheme that worked after all."


 Certain memories in his life started to surface.


 On the stone lotus island, Gu Immortal Giant Sun who had yet to become venerable received Red Lotus’ gift.


 At the same time, they also made a transaction.


 "This is the incomplete Immortal Gu recipe of destiny Gu?" Giant Sun received this incomplete recipe and was immediately drawn to it. He was the creator of luck path, it had never failed him, but from this incomplete recipe, he saw a whole new world!


 "Red Lotus, you are the one who damaged fate Gu, giving me the chance to create luck path. Now, you are gifting this incomplete recipe of destiny Gu to me, I owe you an immense favor!" Gu Immortal Giant Sun said solemnly.


 "I will make the arrangements according to our agreement. I will leave wisdom Gu behind and create responsive luck Immortal Gu to help that unparalleled genius who will create destiny song. Furthermore, I will retain my final attack, as long as the situation advances to reach that stage, I will take action and help your million year plan succeed!"


 Red Lotus’ will smiled: "I will thank you in advance. If my plan fails, please follow our agreement and try your best to refine destiny Gu yourself."


 "Of course!" Gu Immortal Giant Sun said resolutely.


 ...


 Within Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, immortal zombie Giant Sun slowly raised his right hand.


 Boom—!


 An enormous beam of light flew through the sky and shot towards Heavenly Court’s direction at an extreme speed.


 This beam of light was so gigantic, like a large river that spanned across heaven and earth.


 Wherever it went, it pushed aside all the air, the beam’s movement was accompanied by a deafening and majestic sound.


 Such a grand and powerful killer move shocked everyone and sent them into a daze.


 Even Duke Long, Feng Jiu Ge, and Fang Yuan felt incredibly small and insignificant upon seeing this move.


 The beam of light started from black heaven above Northern Plains, piercing through the regional wall and directly bombarding Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court shook intensely, the world seemed to tremble as countless Immortal Gu Houses cracked and broke.


 Within Imperfection Regret Pavilion, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s silhouette gritted her teeth.


 She watched as Giant Sun’s attack approached, but Limitless’ silhouette was drawing her attention, forcing her to have no time to deal with it.


 Giant Sun’s attack landed with unstoppable might, instilling itself into the sea of human wills and flames.


 The three sources gathered and instantly formed a golden ball of light that was the size of a mountain.


 Within the ball of light, flames flicked, human wills shined with rainbow light, incredibly dazzling. Fang Yuan remained unmoved at the center, he was controlling the situation.


 Traces of pale white light started to spread out from his tightly grasped hands.


 These traces of light were so familiar, Fang Yuan had a deep impression of them.


 He was internally shaken: "Heaven path dao marks!"


 Tens or hundreds of heaven path dao marks slipped out from the cracks between his fingers.


 Fang Yuan opened his hands wide at this moment, with a loud sound, countless heaven path dao marks flew into the sky, entangling with each other.


 Traces of dao marks went towards Fang Yuan’s body.


 Fang Yuan grunted, intense pain assaulted him, causing his body and mind to shake!


 "These are newly added heaven path dao marks on my body? Wait no, not just me..." Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light, he acutely sensed that many of the heaven path dao marks vanished all of a sudden, following the sources of the human wills.


 "As expected." At this moment, Fang Yuan was finally certain about Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s plan.


 He wanted to refine destiny Gu but he was not truly trying to refine a Gu.


 Fang Yuan grasped this chance, doing his best to collect these heaven path dao marks.


 With every single heaven path dao mark carved in his body, his sovereign immortal aperture’s foundation would rise by a level.


 This was an unprecedented and huge fortuitous encounter!


 Each complete heaven path dao mark would cause a small qualitative change in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture world.


 After his trip to Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan became even clearer of the immense value of this opportunity.


 But the fusing of heaven path dao marks was very painful, even someone with a firm mind like Fang Yuan started to feel dizzy after gaining ten complete heaven path dao marks.


 But he was the main person refining this Gu, he could not use other methods, otherwise, he would disrupt the Gu refinement and fail the process, that would be a huge problem.


 Fang Yuan relied on his determination as he gritted his teeth and held on.


 He was not the only Gu Immortal enduring pain, he was just one of countless people.


 At the same time, in the vast five regions, countless mortals screamed in pain, the heaven path dao marks found their way to the sources of the human wills and carved themselves into these people’s bodies.


 Each of these mortals could not endure even one ten-thousandth of a complete heaven path dao mark, many of them fainted at the first moment.


 Those who could remain awake were fortunate, they were able to absorb more heaven path dao marks.


 Pain!


 Intense pain, pain that went beyond words.


 Fang Yuan soon tore the skin of his lips as his eyes opened wide, even the corners of his eyes were torn, blood flowed out.


 His entire body was shaking and covered in sweat, he still tried his best to continue fusing with each additional heaven path dao mark.


 Soon, the Gu Immortals scattered across the five regions also started to endure this process.


 Heavenly Court’s fighting came to a stop, all of the Gu Immortals’ expressions changed, they gritted their teeth as their faces turned red. With the addition of heaven path dao marks that automatically went to them, they were caught off guard and could barely endure this.


 "No—!" Duke Long screamed in agony, at this moment, he finally realized what Red Lotus’ plan was.


 Duke Long was unable to take down Feng Jiu Ge after so long, he could only turn around and hope for the best as he tried to attack Fang Yuan, but the intense pain also assaulted him.


 Feng Jiu Ge persisted in using destiny song, seeing that Duke Long was leaving, he quickly attacked more intensely to stall for time instead.


 With a loud sound, like splattering water, the mountain-like human wills vanished on the spot.


 Success!


 "People of this world, I have entrusted fate to you. All of you hold a portion of fate, from today onwards, there will no longer be fate in this world!" Red Lotus’ will spoke through the human wills, his voice was transmitted into the minds of everyone in the five regions.


 The five regions’ humans were still in agony and indescribable pain.


 Because of the intense and unbearable pain, there were many cases of suicide on the spot.


 "Red Lotus—!" Duke Long shouted in anger, he finally got away from Feng Jiu Ge as he arrived in front of Fang Yuan.


 But it was too late.


 The last bit of Red Lotus’ will managed to gather into human form as it blocked the ferocious Duke Long for Fang Yuan.


 "Master." The young looking Red Lotus smiled: "I succeeded at long last. Fate Gu has been split into countless portions by me and distributed to everyone in this world. It still exists, it has not been destroyed, but because fate has been fused with luck, it can no longer be used by heaven’s will."


 Duke Long was furious, his eyes were red, his hair standing on end.


 "Traitorous disciple!" He screamed, he charged even quicker now.


 At the next moment, he completely destroyed Red Lotus’ will as he arrived in front of Fang Yuan.


 Duke Long’s aura broke through its limit again, reaching an unprecedented level, his strength was so overwhelming that even Di Zang Sheng and Feng Jiu Ge felt a threat to their lives!


 Fang Yuan did not move, he did not even put up a defense.


 Duke Long charged with unparalleled might, but when he was still a step away from Fang Yuan, his expression changed.


 His aura froze at once, his advancement stopped.


 His lifespan — was exhausted!


 It was slightly earlier than in the previous life.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised, he had found the truth when he saw a bit of the scattered light earlier.


 The truth was, back then in Eastern Sea, when his Qi Sea Ancestor identity used steal life on Duke Long, it was effective.


 But the effect was low and not easily observable, Duke Long also had incredible concealment abilities.


 Afterwards, in order to avoid fighting Qi Sea Ancestor, Duke Long even took out Primordial Origin’s true inheritance to successfully deceive everyone. This was because Duke Long did not know that Fang Yuan’s steal life killer move had a limited number of usages.


 This also caused Duke Long to become even stronger than in the previous life at the same time period.


 The hero of a generation, the pillar of Heavenly Court, the master of Red Lotus, and the creator of the dragonman race — Duke Long!


 Finally, his life was over.


 Before dying, he still charged at the forefront.


 For Heavenly Court, for the sake of humanity, he had truly done everything that he could until his death.


 During the intense war, he forgot the limit of his own lifespan. Thus, at the moment of his death, other than rage and killing intent, there was also confusion on his face.


 "Lord Duke Long..."


 "Damn it, you must be feeling very unwilling to die like this!"


 "Senior Duke Long!!!"


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals cried out loud, their morale rose sharply, this was the will of the mourning troops!


 Intense battle occurred again, the Gu Immortals of the three regions were actually suppressed by Heavenly Court which had fewer numbers.


 Fang Yuan no longer participated in the fight.


 He still endured intense pain as his gaze pierced past Heavenly Court, overlooking the entire five regions.


 Earth shook as it produced waves of deep, rumbling noises.


 At this moment, the regional walls that separated the five regions had completely disappeared. The earth veins were connected as the five separate regions merged into one!


 Without the obstruction of the regional walls, people could freely move through the five regions with no obstructions. At the same time, the differences in heaven and earth qi also disappeared gradually.


 The bloody cape on Fang Yuan’s back slowly disintegrated, he raised his head slightly and took in a deep breath.


 Ah, the air was filled with freedom.


 From now on, there was finally a possibility of pursuing eternal life.


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s lips curled up as he revealed a faint smile.


 "The great era... has finally arrived!"



***
Chapter 1967 New Otherworldly Demon


***





 



 Volume 6: Demon Venerable’s Eternal Life


 "Wake up! Hey, wake up kid."


 Peng Da opened his eyes with difficulty, in his blurred vision, he saw a human face. It belonged to a middle aged man, he had a beard and a pair of crystal clear triangular eyes, there was a white headscarf covering his head.


 Peng Da was shocked.


 He remembered sleeping in his room earlier, why did a stranger barge into his room suddenly?


 He exerted force to sit up but at the next moment, he was stunned.


 "Where am I?!" He was shocked to find himself in the middle of a desert, there were no clouds in the sky, the sun was blazing and it was extremely hot.


 "Hahaha, this kid is dazed."


 "He is really lucky, he was attacked by the desert wolves but managed to survive."


 There was not only the bearded middle aged man, there were several others surrounding him.


 Not far away, there was a group of camels resting on the ground.


 "Kid, this place is called wolf desert, when we found you, your companions were already dead. The desert wolves ate their corpses, after we chased them away, we found that you were still alive."


 "My name is Mo Li, I am the leader of this caravan, I saved you and healed your wounds. You are quite lucky to have met us, do you remember anything now?" The bearded middle aged man spoke and explained.


 Peng Da was dazed in the desert, the heated sand and glaring sunlight made him gradually accept this.


 It was not a dream!


 "I transmigrated!"


 "Damn it, something like transmigration really exists, and it happened to me of all people!"


 "But how did I get here? Yesterday, I was still doing some programming and coding, but today, I ended up here."


 "Looking at their attire and speech mannerisms, this is obviously another world."


 "Also, why do I know this world’s language? It seems like speaking this foreign language is part of my innate ability!"


 Peng Da could not help but feel nervous, his heart was pounding rapidly. This situation was really out of his expectations, he started to panic as he felt troubled internally.


 But around him, there were several strong men staring at him, Peng Da had to force himself to stay calm as he held his head, shaking it: "I... I only remember my name is Peng Da. As for the rest... damn it, why don’t I remember a thing?"


 "No way, you lost your memories?"


 "This is so disappointing."


 Everyone discussed.


 The bearded middle aged man looked at Peng Da deeply, bright light flashed in his eyes: "Since you do not remember, forget it. I hope you can regain your memories one day, now, what plans do you have? Do you want to travel with my merchant caravan?"


 Peng Da quickly nodded his head, he did not dare to travel alone in the desert: "Uncle Mo Li, I will definitely repay this debt of saving my life. No matter where you are going, please bring me along, I do not know where to go now."


 He had a lost expression but he spoke truthfully. He had just arrived in this world, he did not know what to do.


 "Then follow us." Mo Li nodded, instructing a person beside him: "Provide a camel for this kid Peng Da."


 "Yes." Someone responded immediately: "Kid, follow me."


 Peng Da was brought away to the camel, he stared with wide eyes, feeling shocked: "This is a camel?"


 The Gu Master who brought him here felt strange: "Kid, are you really from Western Desert? You don’t even know about the fire pit camel?"


 The fire pit camel did not have a hump, instead its back was concave, forming an oval pit. The person riding the camel would lie in the round pit, with soft fur and warm body temperature, it was very comfortable. The Gu Master started nimbly packing away the goods in the round pit and building a tent on top of it. A portion of the cargo was tied to the camel’s sides and the bottom of the tent.


 Peng Da continued to pretend that he was in pain as he said: "I don’t remember, damn it, I don’t remember anything!"


 That Gu Master gave him a glance: "I don’t care what you forgot, but remember this, our leader saved your life. Since you are joining our caravan, you are eating our food, drinking our water, and living in our quarters, you need to work. Understood?"


 Peng Da quickly nodded: "Of course, please give me the instructions. I will do my best!"


 "Mm." The Gu Master nodded lightly, showing slight satisfaction.


 But at this time, the bearded man’s voice could be heard: "Don’t make life difficult for him, let this young man rest for now and recover from his mental fatigue. It was fate that we met in this huge desert, it is not easy to live here, no matter who you are."


 The Gu Master sighed as he quipped: "Leader, you are still so kindhearted."


 Peng Da heard this, he felt a sense of deeper gratitude towards Mo Li, he shouted loudly: "Uncle, thank you so much, I will definitely repay you!"


 Mo Li laughed loudly: "Good, kid, go and recover on your camel for now."


 Next, he shouted at everyone: "We’ve had enough rest, let’s continue on our way."


 Thus, the camel bells rang as the merchant caravan moved forward again, traveling over this vast desert.


 Peng Da lay on the fire pit camel’s back, he felt very comfortable.


 After being alone, he was shocked to find that his body was not his original body, it was a body that belonged to this world. His skin was brown from tanning, his arms and legs were thick, his joints were bulging.


 "So only my soul came over, I went into the body of an inhabitant of this world."


 "No wonder I can speak their language. It is a pity that I did not gain this inhabitant’s memories."


 "But this is not bad either. My original body was weak as I did not train it, but this body is very strong and young too."


 Peng Da could not sleep, after inspecting his body, he started to look around and observe this world.


 There was nothing in the desert, but the travelers were quite an eye-opener to him.


 The food of the fire pit camel was actually some bright red charcoal.


 The people in the merchant caravan could create water from nothing, they did not need to find oases or water sources. Moving in this desert was very secure because of them.


 By night time, they started to prepare dinner. A Gu Master planted some seeds in the desert as trees grew out after a few breaths of time, bearing fruits.


 Peng Da did not know what fruit this was but the flesh was tender and sweet, it was fragrant and filled his stomach with satisfaction.


 Peng Da was amazed at every small detail of this world. When he ate dinner, he could not help but ask the leader Mo Li.


 "Kid, it seems you really have amnesia! We are Gu Masters! These are Gu Master methods." Mo Li looked at Peng Da with a strange gaze.


 "Gu Master?" This was the first time Peng Da heard this phrase.


 Mo Li’s expression was even stranger now as he pointed at Peng Da: "Kid, you are also a Gu Master, in fact, you are a rank two Gu Master."


 "What?!" Peng Da was shocked.


 After some explanation, Peng Da realized what that meant, he became more excited.


 "So a certain group of people of this world are called Gu Masters. They are able to cultivate using Gu worms!"


 "Gu Masters rank from one to nine, most of the caravan members are rank two, Uncle Mo Li is the highest at rank three. Meanwhile, I am a rank two Gu Master, or rather, this body’s original owner was a rank two Gu Master."


 "When Gu Masters cultivate to rank six, they will be known as Gu Immortals, they will be able to overturn mountains and seas, they can collect the stars and moon!"


 "By rank nine, they will be invincible in this world, unparalleled and unmatched!"


 "Oh heavens, this is such a wonderful world. Since heaven transmigrated me here, there must be a reason for my arrival."


 "I must be unique, I will definitely rise above all others. Right! Once I get rank nine cultivation, I will be invincible in this world, that feeling must be very amazing!"


 In Peng Da’s original world, he was a very ordinary person. He was an orphan with no parents, lovers, or any other attachments.


 He was extremely excited, by night time, he could not resist the fatigue, he fell deeply asleep.


 What he did not know was, the Gu Masters in the merchant caravan were talking about him.


 "This kid actually lost his memories. What should I say? Is he really lucky or unlucky?"


 "Is he really amnesiac or pretending to be so?"


 "There is no need to do that? From what I saw, he was very shocked by the fire pit camels and our Gu Master methods, it is unlikely to be an act."


 "Whether he lost his memories or not, he is still a rank two Gu Master, he will be useful to us, there was no loss in saving him." Mo Li said.


 Nobody could refute this.


 Gu Masters were far more valuable than mortals, if Peng Da was a mortal, these Gu Masters would not have bothered to save him after realizing he was still alive back then. But since he was a Gu Master, he had value to them, thus he was able to travel on the camel and also got food and water from them.


 While they were talking, Mo Li suddenly frowned, his expression turned grim: "Listen, do you all hear something?"


 Everyone’s expressions changed, at the next moment, this sound became louder, it was such a huge commotion that heaven and earth shook.


 "Damn it! It seems like a hurricane, a super-sized hurricane!"


 "This is a desert, why are there hurricanes?"


 "Quickly move, protect the caravan and move out!"


 The Gu Masters left the tent hurriedly but once they got out, they were stunned.


 There was a boundless qi tide approaching from all directions, it was like a grand tsunami that overwhelmed heaven and earth. The qi tide was everywhere, it carried sand along with it and had an unstoppable might.


 Extremely shocked expressions were shown all over the Gu Masters’ faces.


 This was a calamity far worse than any hurricane, at once, the Gu Masters felt an intense threat of death.


 The merchant caravan was doomed, they only wanted to save their own lives now!


 "Escape!" Mo Li gritted his teeth, before he finished his words, he quickly retreated with all his strength.


 The other Gu Masters quickly reacted as they mimicked him and escaped.


 In the abandoned merchant caravan, the mortals screeched, the camels were stirred too.


 They were helpless now, only death awaited them.


 But within this chaos, Peng Da was still deeply asleep, he had no idea that this fatal danger was upon him.



***
Chapter 1968 Spectral Soul Hunts


***





 



 The sky was dark, there was only two to three faint starlight specks.


 This was black heaven.


 The surroundings were quiet, three Gu Immortals were moving stealthily in black heaven.


 At the left was an elderly hunchbacked Gu Immortal, he had many wrinkles on his face, he was thin and dry like a stick, he was truly resembling a man about to step into his grave.


 At the right was a female immortal, she had a graceful figure with hair that extended to her waist, and was adorned in a beautiful purple robe. Her eyes were like deep pools, with a sense of sorrow shrouding her face.


 And at the center was a black robed Gu Immortal, he looked like a middle aged man with a pale face, his black hair was chest length, he had a deep and cold killing intent that surrounded his entire body.


 They were Old Man Zheng Yuan, Fairy Zi Wei, and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 The three were moving quietly in black heaven, at this time, Spectral Soul paused and said plainly: "It’s here again."


 Fairy Zi Wei’s and Old Man Zheng Yuan’s expressions did not change, they guarded Spectral Soul as they started to put up their defensive methods.


 Soon, the three immortals heard a loud sound.


 Next, a huge and wild qi tide came from all directions. Wherever the qi tide went, lifeforms perished, it was a terrible sight.


 The qi tide crashed towards the three immortals, after several minutes, it went past them.


 The three including Spectral Soul finally let out a sigh of relief, they canceled their defensive methods as they came out again.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan looked towards the qi tide with an expression of sadness towards the people, he sighed deeply: "After the five regions fused into one, such a change actually happened. Once in a while, qi tides will surge, rampaging wildly all over the world. Not just the five regions, even the two heavens are not spared, they cause destruction everywhere they go, I wonder how many people will suffer from this."


 Even though Old Man Zheng Yuan was subdued by Spectral Soul, he was only absolutely loyal to Spectral Soul, his original personality did not change.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with uncertainty, she seemed to be deducing something but she soon gave up in dejectedness.


 Fairy Zi Wei analyzed: "The heaven and earth qi of the five regions vary. Thus, when Gu Immortals go to different regions, absorbing the heaven and earth qi there would cause problems in their immortal aperture. This is also why Gu Immortals often have to return to their region to undergo tribulations. The difference in heaven and earth qi also caused the regional walls to form. Now that the five regional walls are gone, the heaven and earth qi of the five regions are converging into one, this is the reason for the birth of these qi tides."


 "But it is impossible to calculate how long this qi tide phenomenon will last, or whether it will get stronger or weaker, we can’t even predict a trend."


 To deduce the result of this question, it was likely that Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was needed, he had the deepest understanding of qi path after all. Other than that, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could also make such a large scale deduction.


 Spectral Soul snorted coldly, his voice was hoarse and icy: "This qi tide is a hindrance to us! Wherever it goes, soul beasts are unable to resist it, even if they survive, their soul cores will be damaged."


 Spectral Soul wanted to recover his strength now.


 Devouring souls was the fastest method.


 Originally, he wanted to retrieve the Door of Life and Death, but it was actually moved away in secret.


 The fight in Heavenly Court was over now, in Spectral Soul’s current state, he could not take action rashly.


 Thus, he brought his two subordinates to leave Heavenly Court and come to black heaven, they prepared to hunt soul beasts instead.


 Within black heaven, there were countless soul beasts that formed into hordes. They often rampaged in black heaven with nether ants paving the way, they often had hundreds of thousands or even millions of soul beasts in an horde.


 "Master, the qi tide is a calamity, please let us stay to help you." Old Man Zheng Yuan advised as a loyal servant.


 Spectral Soul snorted coldly: "What use is there in staying by my side? I alone am sufficient, furthermore, I have tasks for you two."


 Old Man Zheng Yuan and Fairy Zi Wei looked at each other as they said: "Please give us your instructions, master."


 Spectral Soul squinted as he said eerily: "Back then, I expended my assets to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, leaving it for Fang Yuan to create a complete otherworldly demon. Now that fate Gu is destroyed, the plan succeeded, it is time to retrieve sovereign immortal fetus Gu now. I want you two to find and capture Fang Yuan alive, I will refine him back into sovereign immortal fetus Gu."


 Spectral Soul’s strength was at its lowest now, otherwise, he would have taken action during the battle in Heavenly Court.


 If he wanted to grow stronger now, there were three crucial things: Door of Life and Death, dream realms, and sovereign immortal aperture.


 Now that the Door of Life and Death was gone, Spectral Soul felt slightly disappointed. But he could use soul beasts instead.


 Most of his dream realms were taken by Fang Yuan. Even though Fang Yuan used a portion of them in Heavenly Court’s battle, the rest were still stored in Fang Yuan’s possession.


 Spectral Soul needed to take back his dream realms, only with his dream realms could he regain his attainment level of great grandmaster in all paths.


 Other than that, the sovereign immortal aperture was necessary too, it could ensure that Spectral Soul would quickly reach the apex of his strength.


 Spectral Soul had reason to believe that the sovereign immortal aperture was well developed by Fang Yuan. If he could take it back, it would be the same as gaining Fang Yuan’s hard work.


 If he could retrieve all three crucial keys, Spectral Soul would rise to the top, he would be unstoppable in this world!


 He could not find the Door of Life and Death, but both the dream realms and sovereign immortal aperture were in Fang Yuan’s hands, it was understandable that Spectral Soul targeted Fang Yuan first.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan frowned as he recalled: "Master wants to deal with Fang Yuan? After this demon destroyed fate Gu, he left Heavenly Court immediately and did not participate in the battle afterwards. He acted very strangely then, nobody knows where he went after that."


 Spectral Soul smiled coldly: "That is because of the heaven path dao marks, Fang Yuan could barely save himself, he had to make that choice. Since he could discern the arrangement that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable placed on wisdom Gu and thus used it in the refinement unhesitantly, he naturally can infer the arrangements I placed in sovereign immortal fetus Gu as well."


 "Thus, when refining the Gu, he used Red Lotus’ method to restrict me. Fang Yuan is very crafty, he managed to thwart my plan by borrowing others’ strength. Red Lotus wanted to see that happen as well, hmph, after I get rid of Fang Yuan, I will deal with this old scoundrel Red Lotus."


 Spectral Soul and Red Lotus worked together to destroy fate Gu for good. Now that the plan succeeded, Spectral Soul and Red Lotus returned to being enemies.


 Two tigers cannot share one mountain, not to mention two venerables.


 "But how do we locate Fang Yuan now?" Fairy Zi Wei felt a headache.


 Why was it that after changing sides and betraying Heavenly Court, she still had to face this troublesome problem!


 When she was in Heavenly Court, she tried all ways possible to deal with Fang Yuan.


 As a wisdom path great expert, she had noticed Fang Yuan’s threat long ago.


 But so what?


 Fang Yuan was too good at hiding and concealing himself, his most skilled wisdom path aspect was in blocking deductions.


 And he was too vigilant, he never left any traces behind. Even if Heavenly Court wanted to find him, they were helpless and clueless.


 Like how humanity had Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables that the variant humans could not resist, they went into hiding and left even Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable without options against them.


 Fairy Zi Wei lacked crucial clues, she could not deduce Fang Yuan’s location.


 That was the case when she was in Heavenly Court, until now, it was still true!


 Thus, she had to get help from Spectral Soul, hoping that this Demon Venerable’s soul had some way to deal with him.


 But against this question, even Spectral Soul was silent for a while.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu was refined by him personally, he had made an arrangement to sense the sovereign immortal body. But after the heaven path dao marks were absorbed by Fang Yuan, he lost his method. The connection was completely cut.


 Eventually, Spectral Soul ordered: "We temporarily can’t find Fang Yuan, we have to force him to show up."


 "How? Fang Yuan is a solitary demon, he has no attachments at all. Even if he did have friends or family, with his cruel nature, if we threaten him, he will not appear." Old Man Zheng Yuan felt very troubled.


 Spectral Soul snorted coldly: "During Heavenly Court’s battle, everyone saw the scene of Fang Yuan destroying fate Gu through the killer move everybody’s vision. You will go spread the secret of the sovereign immortal aperture, tell everyone in the world that Fang Yuan was able to reach rank eight and destroy Fate because the sovereign immortal aperture can annex immortal apertures to avoid tribulations and raise his cultivation level rapidly."


 "Once in a while, Fang Yuan will have to annex immortal apertures to sustain his life. Whoever kills Fang Yuan will gain countless venerable inheritances, they will even possess the sovereign immortal aperture, they will be qualified to become a venerable and become invincible in the world!"


 After pausing, Spectral Soul continued: "In that case, Fang Yuan will be an enemy of everyone. We also have to tell everyone about his current weakness, that he has no battle strength due to the heaven path dao marks troubling him. If not, he would not have escaped immediately after refining the Gu."


 "With everyone in the world helping us find him, where can Fang Yuan hide? Even if he can hide for a while, he cannot hide forever. Both of you will go and find the secret treasuries that I left behind afterwards, the cultivation resources that I did not need when refining sovereign immortal fetus Gu are kept there, they are not of low value. Using these resources, you can rebuild Shadow Sect and help me recruit more members."


 "Fang Yuan’s subordinates like Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan are all outside now? If we find them, we might find clues to Fang Yuan."


 Old Man Zheng Yuan and Fairy Zi Wei quickly responded.


 Spectral Soul looked down at his feet, his gaze seemed to be piercing through the darkness and looking at the five regions: "The five regions fused into one, heaven and earth qi is converging as qi tides form and spread around the world. If the heaven and earth qi does not fuse completely, there will not be peace, it will be as if the five regional walls are thinned and spread all over the five regions. Thus, the Gu Immortals of the five regions will feel tremors in their immortal apertures as the two qi collide, they are forced to recuperate now. The stronger the immortal aperture foundation, the longer they need to recuperate."


 "Fang Yuan will be forced to lay low for a very long time. But you two are ex-Heavenly Court members, you had phantom apertures so you are unaffected by this. We need to make use of this time, work hard!"


 "As master decrees." Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan replied respectfully.


 Spectral Soul waved his sleeves: "Then why are you still here?"


 "Master, please take care! We will take our leave." Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan left quickly.



***
Chapter 1969 Black Heavens Gu Immortals


***





 



 Roar—!


 Within black heaven, an ancient soul beast was escaping in a hurry.


 This soul beast resembled a horse but had a human face. On its face now was terror and fear.


 The ancient soul beast was panicking and escaping in a random direction, soon, its movements slowed down as its anguished cries became softer and weaker.


 After several breaths of time, it completely stopped in the sky, floating silently in the night sky.


 Soundlessly, its colossal body disintegrated as a Gu Immortal appeared.


 This Gu Immortal had a pale face and chest-length hair, he was Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul grabbed the soul core, which was the soul path essence of the ancient soul beast. But Spectral Soul was not satisfied, he placed this soul core into his mouth and ate it like a candy, swallowing it after a few seconds.


 "Without using a soul path killer move, I need to wait a while to digest it completely." Spectral Soul said unhappily as he snorted.


 After splitting up with Old Man Zheng Yuan and Fairy Zi Wei, he had been hunting soul beasts in black heaven.


 But for some reason, maybe due to bad luck or the extermination of lifeforms due to the qi tides, he met very few soul beasts.


 Until now, he had only met lone soul beasts or those that formed into groups of five or fewer. The quantity was so small that he even felt like he was not in black heaven!


 "This efficiency is just too low!" Spectral Soul continued his journey.


 "If my attainment level was still around, I can find the soul beast armies with just my instinct. Even Fang Yuan would not be able to escape my detection. It is a pity I need to start over!"


 "However, fate Gu is finally destroyed. Heaven’s will cannot obstruct my path to becoming venerable again, after I succeed, I want to see who dares to obstruct me, even if it is a venerable, I will kill them."


 "Oh?" While Spectral Soul moved stealthily, a flash of joy suddenly appeared on his face.


 He finally found an army of soul beasts.


 He got closer and saw that this soul beast army had over three million members. The quantity was not small, and what made Spectral Soul happy was that they had high quality.


 He had only taken a quick glance but he already saw six immemorial soul beasts and over thirty ancient soul beasts!


 "Kill!" The desire to kill emerged in Spectral Soul’s heart as he was about to charge over, but he noticed something.


 This discovery was quite surprising: "Why are there soul path Gu Immortals?"


 There were three Gu Immortals controlling the soul beast army.


 Two males and one female immortal.


 The female was at the center as the leader, she had a plain appearance and grey eyes, her rank eight aura was naturally emitted.


 Of the two male immortals, one was tall and armored, with strong arms exposed and soul beast markings on his arms. The other was tall and thin, holding a bamboo staff.


 The three immortals wore black robes of similar design, they were obviously from the same force.


 "They are black heaven Gu Immortals." Spectral Soul soon discerned their aura, he snickered as he changed his earlier idea of charging in, he stealthily mixed in with the soul beast army.


 The three immortals controlled the soul beast army with much difficulty, the two males were showing signs of tiredness, sweat gathered on their foreheads.


 The rank eight female immortal seemed to have rested earlier, she spoke at this moment: "You two can stop, I will control the army now."


 Hearing this, the two male immortals let out sighs of relief, the thin one started to boot-lick her: "Aunt, only you can control a soul beast army of such a size, even if the two of us cultivate for eight lifetimes, we would not even reach half of your strength."


 The rank eight female immortal looked at the male immortal with displeasure: "If eight lifetimes are not enough to reach my level, you should just end your own life!"


 "Ugh." The thin man knew that his boot-licking had backfired, he showed some awkwardness on his face.


 The female immortal sighed: "You two are the most likely Gu Immortals in the clan to advance further besides me. Now that fate Gu has been destroyed, we are taking control of our own fate. The great era has arrived, the peaceful and quiet life of the past is long gone. You must have the spirit to work hard, if you do not have such an awareness, sooner or later our Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven will be drowned by the tides of the era!"


 "Aunt, you have taught me a lesson." The tall and thin man nodded his head in succession.


 As for the male immortal at the side, he remained silent.


 The female immortal sighed again and continued: "The five regions were fused, the heaven and earth qi are merging, to the extent that qi tides swept across the whole world, even black heaven and white heaven are not exempted. Wherever the qi tide reaches, heaven and earth will shake, grotto-heavens can no longer be concealed, their positions will be exposed. This time, we as Gu Immortals of black heaven’s grotto-heavens are meeting to discuss how to face this situation. At that time, the two of you will be representing yourselves as well as our Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, don’t forget this."


 "Yes, aunt (madam), don’t worry, we will remember this!" The two immortals responded respectfully.


 The three immortals did not know that Spectral Soul had already gotten near them, he heard their entire conversation without missing anything.


 "So that’s it." Spectral Soul realized: "With the convergence of the heaven and earth qi, the grotto-heavens concealed in black heaven and white heaven are affected too. The reason is the same as why the five regions’ Gu Immortals are forced to recuperate. but the five regions’ Gu Immortals are more affected while the two heavens are not as troubled, the Gu Immortals are still able to move around with difficulty."


 Within black and white heaven, many grotto-heavens were hidden.


 Even Spectral Soul could not precisely count the number of grotto-heavens here.


 This current change in the world was unprecedented, all of the grotto-heavens were unable to hide anymore, they were like fish forced out of the water.


 Spectral Soul felt that this was a perfect opportunity, he immediately continued to hide, following the three immortals.


 After spending half a day, the three immortals controlled the army of soul beasts and finally arrived at their destination.


 This was also a grotto-heaven.


 The grotto-heaven’s entrance was open, many people were already waiting outside, the commotion was not small.


 The soul beast army of millions that the three Soul Pacifying immortals brought here was not exceptional at all, they were only superior to the norm.


 "So our friends from Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven have arrived." Seeing the three immortals, a Gu Immortal flew out from a pack of night heavenly wolves.


 This Gu Immortal had rank eight cultivation level, he had a pair of sharp eagle eyes and had an appearance of a resolute character.


 "Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, you arrived early." The rank eight female immortal from Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven replied while smiling.


 "Actually, we were late, Lady Cold Ash." Night Heavenly Wolf Lord smiled bitterly, pointing at the grotto-heaven entrance: "Those variant human Gu Immortals have entered already. I waited for you to enter together, otherwise, as lone rank eight Gu Immortals, we will be pushed aside."


 Lady Cold Ash nodded with a grim expression: "We have gathered here today because of Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s request. He is a snowman Gu Immortal to begin with, he opened up his Ice Crystal grotto-heaven as well, this will definitely be dominated by variant human Gu Immortals. Let’s go in and see first."


 Lady Cold Ash quickly arranged for the two rank sevens to stay behind and look after the soul beast army.


 She only brought some immemorial soul beasts with her into the grotto-heaven.


 Unknown to her, Spectral Soul had already possessed one of her immemorial soul beasts, he followed after them.


 Once they entered the grotto-heaven, the temperature fell drastically, it was an icy world.


 Looking at the ground it was all white. The mountain stood tall, made entirely of frost crystals, this was very rare.


 At the peak of the frost crystal mountain, there was a palace made of ice and snow.


 Lady Cold Ash and Night Heavenly Wolf Lord arrived in front of the palace hall, they left their accompanying immemorial soul beasts and immemorial night heavenly wolves outside, entering themselves.


 After Spectral Soul looked for a while, he successfully saw through the foundation of this icy palace, he immediately found a loophole and entered the hall.


 There was a snowman Gu Immortal sitting at the main seat, he had a squarish face and dignified demeanor, he was Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 Other than that, there were three rank eight variant humans, they were rockman, hairy man, and eggman respectively.


 "To think that in black heaven, variant humans are the superior force, they actually have four rank eights while the humans only have two." Spectral Soul thought about it for a moment before understanding why.


 After humans dominated the world, variant humans could not live in the five regions anymore, they were chased into the peripheries of the world to live pitiful lives.


 Black and white heaven became their top choices to relocate and live.


 This place was extremely huge, once their grotto-heavens were concealed, even venerables would not be able to find them without sufficient clues.


 Thus, black and white heaven became the foundation of the variant humans, they developed here.


 Even though human Gu Immortals also explored both heavens, they only explored them to seek resources. Few rank eight Gu Immortals would place their grotto-heavens within the black and white heavens.


 Human grotto-heavens were different from variant human grotto-heavens, the latter were taken care of by heaven’s will, their tribulations were weaker, but the former were different.


 As time passed, more and more human grotto-heavens that were placed were destroyed, few could develop successfully. Meanwhile, the variant human grotto-heavens were able to last a long time, their forces grew stealthily.


 The six rank eight Gu Immortals discussed for a long time.


 "The five regions have become one, qi tides rampage the heavens. Our grotto-heavens will be exposed, I propose that we unite ourselves and resist the enemies of the five regions together!"


 "How will we resist them? Even though our grotto-heavens are doing well, how can our resources compare to the five regions? Even if we all work together, we are not the match of the five regions’ humans!"


 "Moreover, we cannot cooperate sincerely with each other, we are of different identities after all."


 "Everyone, don’t worry, even though we are humans, our Soul Pacifying Ancestor was forced to live in black heaven, we have already broken all ties with the five regions."


 "I’ll be more straightforward, my Night Wolf grotto-heaven does not want to expose ourselves. After all, we have an immense enmity with Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven!"


 "Friends." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch spoke: "Do you all only want to go on the defensive, do you not want to progress further? Now that fate Gu has been destroyed, the reign of humanity has been disrupted. The five regions’ Gu Immortals need to recuperate now, this is the best chance for us to take action!"


 "Because we were in black heaven, we became the least affected ones, we can move around with difficulty. If we don’t make use of this chance, we will regret it in the future."


 "Immortal Monarch, what plan do you have?"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch sighed as he said with a grim expression: "The five regions are huge, they have abundant resources, even if our grotto-heavens are added together, we cannot compare to them. The world will definitely go into chaos, if we do not try to improve ourselves, when the five regions settle down, they will find a chance to eliminate us all. Only by taking this lead can we have a hope of survival."



***
Chapter 1970 Heavenly Courts Dilemma


***





 



 Lady Cold Ash flew first towards the entrance of Ice Crystal grotto-heaven.


 The two rank sevens from Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven quickly went to receive her.


 "Aunt." The tall and thin Gu Immortal asked in concern: "How was the discussion?"


 Lady Cold Ash shook her head lightly, at this time, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord also flew out of Ice Crystal grotto-heaven.


 The two conversed for some time before parting ways. Night Heavenly Wolf Lord brought his wolf group along while Lady Cold Ash led her soul beast army, going back to their respective grotto-heavens.


 Along the way, the three immortals conversed, not knowing that Spectral Soul was lurking around them.


 Spectral Soul had originally wanted to hunt the soul beasts, but after seeing this, he changed his mind.


 Just by the name of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, he could tell its foundation was soul path. Seeing that Lady Cold Ash and the two rank sevens were soul path Gu Immortals, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven must be a place filled with abundant soul path cultivation resources.


 Let alone anything else, just the soul beast army that they controlled was a scrumptious meal to Spectral Soul.


 "Qi tides rampage in the five regions and two heavens, the grotto-heaven forces in black and white heaven will not lay low. Hehe, I can use this to my advantage and assault the other venerable forces and speed up my growth!"


 Spectral Soul not only had to deal with Fang Yuan, there were also venerable forces like Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven.


 Now that fate Gu was destroyed, Spectral Soul was able to revive, the other venerables were also able to revive themselves.


 With Fang Yuan missing at the moment, Spectral Soul had to consider the whole situation. Even though his true nature was killing, there were many ways to kill. Using others as one’s lethal weapon was also a high level killing method, he was going to use it now.


 Lady Cold Ash and the rest did not know that their Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven was currently targeted by a huge monster, Spectral Soul. Meanwhile, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord returned to his Night Wolf grotto-heaven.


 Many Gu Immortals in Night Wolf grotto-heaven quickly greeted him.


 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord said: "Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch wants us to form an alliance to resist the five regions. This is quite a difficult situation."


 Gu Immortal Ye Zhi nodded: "It is quite difficult. In the current situation, fate Gu is destroyed, the five regions merged, as the heaven and earth qi fuse together, qi tides rampage in the world, no grotto-heaven can conceal itself. We are small and lone forces, when the five regions attack us, we will not be able to resist them. However, we do not need to fight the five regions, we are humans but Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest are variant humans after all. The five regions are stronger than the two heavens, this is an obvious fact, why can’t we join the five regions instead?"


 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord laughed: "Ye Zhi, you know me best, that is how I feel too. If we work with the variant humans, we will be considered spies of humanity. Even if the five regions do not want to attack us, if we ally with the variant humans, they will want to."


 Ye Zhi frowned: "But we cannot join the five regions. Firstly, Northern Plains of the five regions is impossible. Secondly, the other four regions might not welcome us. And finally, if we join them, we will be attacked by Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest."


 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord sighed: "Indeed, that is why I made an agreement with Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven’s Lady Cold Ash, we will advance and retreat together, we will combine the forces of the human grotto-heavens here. As for which region to join, in my opinion, Central Continent’s Heavenly Court is the most appropriate. We can secretly contact them first."


 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was an experienced leader, not only did he have rank eight cultivation level, he was shrewd in politics, nobody in Night Wolf grotto-heaven defied his rule.


 Since he made a decision, the Gu Immortals in Night Wolf grotto-heaven did not dare to raise objections.


 Heavenly Court.


 Central Great Hall was finally repaired, Qin Ding Ling was currently the person taking charge.


 They failed to repair fate Gu, Heavenly Court had undergone an intense battle, the damage was huge, even now, many areas were still in ruins.


 "This is a humiliation!" Qin Ding Ling put aside the letter Gu as she rested temporarily. Her expression was calm but her eyes flickered with light, as memories surfaced in her mind, rage built up within her.


 After Red Lotus’ goal was achieved, Duke Long died while fighting and Fang Yuan retreated rapidly. But the three regions’ Gu Immortals wanted to destroy Heavenly Court, nobody backed off.


 At the moment of life and death, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s method started to activate. All sorts of rage qi, unlucky qi, grief qi, and others plagued the three regions’ Gu Immortals, their physical conditions weakened.


 This move was originally meant to deal with Fang Yuan, but Limitless Demon Venerable blocked it for him. After Red Lotus’ plan succeeded, the battle between two venerables in Imperfection Regret Pavilion also concluded, with Limitless laughing as the two venerable silhouettes faded away. Without Limitless’ power to restrict it, Primordial Origin’s method started to work again.


 And the other good news was that even though Feng Jiu Ge turned on them, he only helped Fang Yuan to refine the Gu, he did not do anything against Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court was able to recover because of this and retaliate, maintaining their position in this difficult battle.


 The three regions’ Gu Immortals had no choice, with Dragon Palace, Calamity Luck Altar, and Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building as their foundation, they retreated gradually.


 After leaving Heavenly Court, some people wanted to loot Central Continent but the first qi tide happened at this moment.


 The immortal apertures of the three regions’ Gu Immortals became unstable, they had to leave.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals stopped chasing them, after witnessing Fang Yuan refine destiny Gu in front of them, their morale and fighting spirit had fallen.


 After the battle ended, Heavenly Court, which was greatly damaged, tried to reduce its losses and take care of the aftermath.


 Duke Long died while Fairy Zi Wei betrayed them for Spectral Soul, after Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals talked over it, they decided that Qin Ding Ling would be the new leader.


 During this period of time, Qin Ding Ling had been the one in charge, taking care of all the matters, big or small.


 Qin Ding Ling had a plain expression but a fire was burning in her heart. The great Heavenly Court had actually lost, it was a complete loss! She was eager to make up for this humiliation, but logic told her to not act rashly. Because everything had changed, Heavenly Court was no longer the old Heavenly Court, the enemies were no longer the same, even the world had changed.


 After resting for a while, Qin Ding Ling continued to deal with the matters at hand.


 "Oh?" She held an information path mortal Gu as her expression changed slightly: "Night Wolf grotto-heaven?"


 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was not willing to fight alongside the variant humans, he wanted to join the stronger side of the five regions. Among them, although Heavenly Court had lost this fight, it was still the number one human force for the last few million years.


 Night Wolf grotto-heaven had grudges with Longevity Heaven, in the five regions, only Heavenly Court had the foundation to stand up against the vicious Longevity Heaven members.


 In this information path Gu worm, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord also explained the ill intentions of the variant humans.


 "Hmph, those of other races have such motives! Once fate Gu got destroyed, these variant humans jumped out immediately." Qin Ding Ling snorted, deep killing intense rose in her heart.


 After calming down, Qin Ding Ling started to think about this situation.


 Qin Ding Ling knew very little about Night Heavenly Wolf Lord and Night Wolf grotto-heaven. With just one information path Gu worm, she could not confirm if Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was really trying to sincerely join them, or if they were scheming against Heavenly Court.


 "If this Night Heavenly Wolf Lord is sincere, how should we deal with Longevity Heaven and the variant human forces of the grotto-heavens?"


 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord talked about the history of his ancestor truthfully in the letter, he did not conceal the grudges they had with Longevity Heaven.


 Qin Ding Ling was slightly troubled.


 Heavenly Court was at an unprecedented level of weakness.


 Qi tides rampaged in the world, heaven and earth qi converged, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who had phantom apertures were even more mobile than the Gu Immortals in black or white heaven.


 But Heavenly Court could not move them.


 Firstly, most of Heavenly Court’s members had limited lifespan. Secondly, they had to reinforce Star Constellation’s will.


 Thus, a portion of Heavenly Court’s members had to enter the immortal graveyard to hibernate and help Star Constellation’s will, to prevent her from being completely assimilated with heaven’s will.


 But in that case, Heavenly Court’s battle strength would be far lower.


 Thus, Qin Ding Ling could not make up her mind.


 "If only Fairy Zi Wei was still around." Qin Ding Ling sighed, the worry in her heart intensified.


 Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan were enslaved by Spectral Soul, they left with him. The two of them knew a lot about Heavenly Court’s secrets, together with the soul of a Demon Venerable, who could underestimate them?


 Qin Ding Ling thought about it for a while before feeling the severity of this situation, she decided to discuss it with Zhou Xiong Xin and the rest.


 Zhou Xiong Xin suggested: "This is an important matter, but the situation is not very clear now. The six Gu Immortals including Night Heavenly Wolf Lord are merely the rank eights of the black heaven above our Central Continent. What about the other four regions’ black heaven? We do not know how many grotto-heavens there are, or how many rank eight Gu Immortals exist in these grotto-heavens. I am willing to go and investigate the two heavens myself!"


 Zhou Xiong Xin cultivated information path, he knew the importance of information.


 He had a phantom aperture and was not afraid of the heaven and earth qi convergence.


 Qin Ding Ling agreed with his suggestion, she chose to continue keeping in contact with Night Wolf grotto-heaven while investigating the situation.


 Jun Shen Guang took out an information path mortal Gu, saying: "The list of names have been chosen, they are all Gu Immortal seeds with great talent and aptitude. Most importantly, they are loyal to Heavenly Court and the ten great ancient sects. But there is one person whom I need everyone’s input and discussion on."


 Jun Shen Guang’s list contained the names of many mortal Gu Masters, they were all exceptional geniuses.


 Heavenly Court lost this battle and the immortal graveyard was even destroyed by Fang Yuan, everything had to be rebuilt from scratch. With the threat of the five regions chaotic war, Heavenly Court decided to nurture new Gu Immortals, disregarding the costs.


 Qin Ding Ling received the Gu worm and looked into it.


 There were many names on this list: Immortal Crane Sect recommended Sun Yuan Hua, Spirit Butterfly Valley recommended Xiao Qi Xing, Ancient Soul Sect had Gu Ting, Heaven’s Envy Manor had Wei Wu Shang... but at Spirit Affinity House’s section, the list was empty without a name.


 Qin Ding Ling sighed as her expression turned complex.


 She knew about the person Spirit Affinity House nominated, it had to be Feng Jin Huang.


 But after the battle over Fate, Feng Jiu Ge betrayed Heavenly Court and went missing, his daughter Feng Jin Huang ended up in an awkward position.


 She was originally Duke Long’s disciple and the future Great Dream Immortal Venerable. But with the death of Duke Long and the destruction of Fate, she was no longer certain to be Great Dream Immortal Venerable.


 Zhou Xiong Xin’s concern was: If Heavenly Court continued to nurture Feng Jin Huang and she betrayed them like her father, what would they do?


 Even though Feng Jin Huang was Duke Long’s disciple, the disciple that he nurtured wholeheartedly spent a million years to plot and destroy Heavenly Court’s fate Gu. Would his second disciple Feng Jin Huang also inherit this ’great tradition’?


 "We will talk about this again next time."



***
Chapter 1971 Struggle Between Feng and Zhao


***





 



 Central Continent, Lake Heart Mountain.


 Spirit Affinity House’s public blessed land headquarters was situated here.


 Within the blessed land, there was an area called Quiet Rain Valley.


 When Feng Jin Huang was strolling in the valley, it started to rain.


 A drizzle.


 The rain was mild and quiet.


 Bathed in the rain, Feng Jin Huang slowed down subconsciously as she walked.


 The air was fresh with the smell of grass, all around her was a faint field of greenery.


 This rain did not feel cold, it was like jade, mild and calm.


 Feng Jin Huang knew that this was called quiet rain. When it rains, all sounds would be absorbed and the surroundings would be silent. Heaven and earth would be soundless, one would be able to hear their own heartbeats and breathing.


 Quiet rain was a rank six immortal material, this valley was the resource point that created quiet rain, this was why it was named Quiet Rain Valley.


 After Feng Jiu Ge betrayed Heavenly Court and went missing, his wife, the mother of Feng Jin Huang, Fairy Bai Qing, requested to be transferred to Quiet Rain Valley to collect quiet rain, she said she would not leave this place.


 Whenever there was quiet rain, the valley would have music that sounded like zither and flute, it was akin to Fairy Bai Qing’s anguished cries of sadness.


 Feng Jin Huang had heard of this rumor and felt worried, she came to the valley to visit her mother.


 The quiet rain was drizzling, there was indeed the music of zither and flute being emitted.


 The sound of the zither spread out all around, like white clouds in the sky, ancient, melodious and pleasant to the ear. The sound of the flute, however, was high pitched, fluctuating almost abruptly, like a fierce hawk flying across the sky, sharply piercing the wind, tearing the sky.


 At first, the sound of the zither resounded and the sound of the flute reverberated, alternating with each other, as if both sides were speaking, one sentence after the other.


 Then, the zither and the flute began to approach each other, and gradually merged into one another. The white clouds were misty, and the eagles were flying across the clouds. The two abrupt sounds of music merged together, creating an indescribable beauty.


 In the end, the sound of the zither and the flute become one and the same, forming a kind of mix, with the melodious sound of the zither and the clarity of the flute, it was unique and beautiful!


 Feng Jin Huang was enchanted by the beautiful sound of the music. She went deeper into the valley and managed to meet her mother.


 Fairy Bai Qing was sitting in a bamboo pavilion, with two Gu flying around her like white jade pearls. They were sound path mortal Gu, zither Gu and flute Gu.


 When Feng Jin Huang entered the pavilion, the music slowly stopped.


 Fairy Bai Qing had already known of Feng Jin Huang’s arrival, she turned around slowly: "This demonic immortal unification song was composed by your father when we fell in love, it is the symbol of our relationship. I still remember the first time your father played it for me, he told me: Immortals and demons are one to begin with, initially, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was known as Primordial Origin Demon Venerable by the variant humans as well. This song contains deep meaning and your father has been treasuring and not using it, but he played it during the fate war."


 Saying so, Fairy Bai Qing’s tone changed as she looked at Feng Jin Huang fixedly: "The list of names has been announced already."


 Feng Jin Huang nodded: "I know. The last time the sect recommended me, there was no reply from Heavenly Court. This time, the sect put Sun Yao’s name and it was quickly approved by Heavenly Court."


 Fairy Bai Qing said plainly: "Originally, the sect still wanted to recommend you to go there, but Li Jun Ying and Xu Hao got in the way, they ended up promoting Sun Yao instead. How do you feel about such an outcome, my dear daughter?"


 "Hehe." Feng Jin Huang smiled slightly, her smile brilliant as a flower, bringing a bright sunshine to the bamboo pavilion for a moment.


 "Mother, why do you have to test me on this? Ever since father betrayed and turned against Heavenly Court, I’ve already prepared myself. Right now, the situation is already not bad, my dream path Immortal Gu was not taken." Feng Jin Huang said.


 Fairy Bai Qing also smiled slightly at her words: "It’s not like there isn’t any forceful seizure in the righteous path, but it’s just that the act is often cloaked in a layer of righteousness and morality. It’s already good that you have come to this level of understanding. However, don’t worry too much, your father left Heavenly Court but created destiny song, his outstanding battle strength is evident to the world, Heavenly Court and Spirit Affinity House will not dare to touch you."


 Feng Jin Huang revealed a look of displeasure: "Mother, you don’t need to make an explanation for father. Although I can understand father, I will not forgive him. For him to suddenly turn his back on Heavenly Court and not even telling us beforehand is simply abandoning his wife and daughter! One day, I will settle the score with him."


 "Hehehe." Fairy Bai Qing laughed and shook her head, walking up to Feng Jin Huang and holding her hand: "You misunderstand your father. That demonic immortal unification song, which he kept as a symbol of our love, has never been used for anything other than singing in front of me. But he used it during the fate war to tell me that righteous immortals and demons are the same, his feelings for me had never changed, and even when he left the righteous path and returned to the demonic path, it wouldn’t end the relationship of our family."


 "Do you believe me? As long as I give out the slightest hint of inclination to leave Spirit Affinity House, he will definitely take the initiative to bring me away. He understands me well and knows that I do not want to become a demonic path member. Therefore, he gave us both the opportunity to choose our side freely. He didn’t want his ideals to become a burden on us."


 Feng Jinhuang snorted coldly: "Father would rather help Fang Yuan, the great demon, than help my master. It’s true that master was stubborn and was always nagging about fate and all that, but he was ultimately kind to us and truly had my best interests in mind. Father was simply too cold and heartless."


 "Mother, since you are fine now, I’ll be leaving."


 "Oh you." Fairy Bai Qing sighed, but did not ask her daughter to stay.


 When Feng Jin Huang left Quiet Rain Valley, she met with two female Gu Masters.


 One was beautiful while the other was cute, they were acquaintances of Feng Jin Huang, they were anxiously waiting outside the valley.


 After seeing Feng Jin Huang, they showed joy on their faces as they went to her.


 "Senior sister, we heard you came here so we rushed over to find you!" The beautiful woman was Qin Juan.


 "Senior sister, sorry, I... I did not want to snatch your opportunity..." Sun Yao had a cute and round face, she was very anxious now.


 Qin Juan and Sun Yao were good friends with Feng Jin Huang, they had always followed behind her.


 But in the recent years, Feng Jin Huang followed Duke Long and went away to cultivate dream path, they did not meet much during this period.


 Feng Jin Huang laughed aloud and stretched out her hand to nudge Sun Yao’s forehead: "Oh, you’ve done well this time, so why are you apologizing. The nomination quota is just a small matter, am I unable to become immortal without this funding? For me, becoming a Gu Immortal is by no means an obstacle. It’s just that I have to consider the kind of Gu Immortal I want to become. But for you, this is a rare opportunity, so seize it well."


 After speaking to Sun Yao, Feng Jin Huang looked at Qin Juan: "You’ve always been quite active and have good perseverance, but this time, when fusing with the dao marks, why did you faint? If not, the nomination would have been yours this time."


 Qin Juan did not dare to retort: "Senior sister, you are right, I have slacked off on my cultivation."


 "No, that is not so, senior sister. Sister Qin Juan was injured at that time, she could not endure the ordeal and fainted." Sun Yao quickly clarified.


 "So that’s how it was." Feng Jin Huang nodded her head and said regrettably: "It is indeed a great loss. Fang Yuan destroyed fate Gu and refined it into countless heaven path dao marks, which were dispersed to the people in the world. The more heaven path dao marks you absorb, the more beneficial it will be in the future. Be it cultivation or developing the immortal aperture, it will benefit with no harm. But there’s no harm in not having any, at best it’s just an opportunity. What determines your achievements in life will still depend on your own talents and efforts."


 "Yes, Qin Juan will listen to senior sister’s teachings." Qin Juan bowed.


 Feng Jin Huang smiled again: "Let’s go, I will give you two some guidance."


 Qin Juan and Sun Yao revealed joyful expressions, the latter jumped around cheering: "That’s great, we haven’t been together for such a long time."


 The three of them walked together, gradually leaving Quiet Rain Valley.


 Within the valley, Fairy Bai Qing retracted her investigative method.


 "Daughter, you’ve grown up." Fairy Bai Qing had a relieved expression.


 Feng Jin Huang was very clear about her own circumstances, as well as Heavenly Court and the ten great ancient sects. Towards Feng Jiu Ge’s actions, she had her own opinion, but she was able to put it aside and make a clear judgment, she had a solid foundation of skills.


 "Maybe, your betrayal has hastened our daughter’s maturity. We should let her walk on her own path."


 "As a mother, all I can do is to wish the best for her."


 "Of course, if some people in the sect do not know what is good for them and go overboard, I will not avoid conflict either." Fairy Bai Qing’s expression turned cold.


 At the same time, on another mountain, Affection Peak.


 Spirit Affinity House’s Li Jun Ying and Xu Hao went to visit Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun had already become an immortal, she was assigned by Spirit Affinity House recently and became the Affection Peak Lord.


 She was able to achieve what she had today thanks to the support of Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying, in addition to her own efforts. Zhao Lian Yun was also guided by the two immortals during her Gu Immortal cultivation journey and the management of her immortal aperture, so she was able to avoid many pitfalls.


 Zhao Lian Yun remembered these debts in her heart, so when Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying visited her, she quickly came out of cultivation and attended to them personally.


 But hearing their request, Zhao Lian Yun felt troubled.


 "Seniors, you want me to use my status as the current generation fairy to deal with Feng Jin Huang and Fairy Bai Qing?"


 "Indeed, now is the best opportunity! Feng Jiu Ge betrayed us and caused Heavenly Court to lose and Fate to be destroyed. If we target them now, we will definitely win." Xu Hao had a fierce expression.


 The hatred between him and Feng Jiu Ge had a long history. In the past, he had hated Feng Jiu Ge so much that he held back key information and intelligence, almost causing him to die. Feng Jiu Ge had a very strong stance in his political manipulation, ostracizing the couple to the fringe of Spirit Affinity House in this power struggle. Most of the time, the two immortals were at a disadvantage against Feng Jiu Ge, they could only support each other with difficulty.


 For them, Feng Jiu Ge’s betrayal was great news, it was worth celebrating.


 "This..." Zhao Lian Yun hesitated: "Feng Jiu Ge has already betrayed Heavenly Court, seniors, I know that you have grudges with him, but why do you want to implicate his family?"


 "Oh Lian Yun, we cannot be too kindhearted sometimes. Think about it, think about the time you competed with Feng Jin Huang over the fairy position." Li Jun Ying urged: "If we do not use this chance, we will regret it in the future. You do not need to worry about it, I will tell you something, our sect’s nominee was originally Feng Jin Huang but now she has been removed from the list."


 "Seniors, people should let others off when possible." Zhao Lian Yun explained, she was not willing to do that. Conflicts should be resolved and not deepened, back then, when competing for the fairy position, both of them had used above board methods, Feng Jin Huang had a deep background but did not use any unscrupulous ways to deal with her as well.


 Even though Zhao Lian Yun and Feng Jin Huang were competitors, Zhao Lian Yun admired Feng Jin Huang’s personality, she had no ill feelings towards her.


 Xu Hao did not listen to her words: "Back then, did the demon Feng Jiu Ge spare us?"


 "You are too kind for your own good, Lian Yun." Li Jun Ying frowned.


 Zhao Lian Yun sighed to herself, she changed her words and explained: "Seniors, we need to analyze this situation deeply. Even though the sect nominated someone else, Heavenly Court did not directly take away Feng Jin Huang’s status. From that, we can see the attitude of Heavenly Court is still unclear towards her."


 "Precisely because they are uncertain now, we need to deal the fatal blow and affirm their decision! The fight over authority will never cease, only when a true victor is decided can there be peace." Li Jun Ying said with deep meaning.


 Zhao Lian Yun sighed again, she could only accept their request.


 There was no choice, she owed them a big favor after all. Even though she was unwilling, people had to do some things that they did not want to in this world. They had helped her greatly, if she rejected them, what would others think?


 Zhao Lian Yun was half an otherworldly demon, even though she was the current generation fairy, Spirit Affinity House still ostracized her. If she lost her relationship with Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying, she would truly become a loner.


 The two immortals saw that Zhao Lian Yun agreed, they were overjoyed, they promised her a huge reward.


 Zhao Lian Yun was not interested in the reward, after the two of them left, she continued her closed cultivation.


 The destruction of Fate was actually great news to Zhao Lian Yun. With this, Ma Hong Yun’s revival would be much easier and less troublesome.


 But Ma Hong Yun’s soul was still in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Thus, Zhao Lian Yun had to cultivate and raise her strength, to make preparations to save her beloved.


 In the secret room, Zhao Lian Yun calmed down and inspected her own immortal aperture.


 Lian Yun blessed land had 5700km2 of land, the rate of time was one-to-thirteen. The terrain was mostly grassland and plains.


 But after the heaven path dao marks were absorbed, Lian Yun blessed land started to change in many aspects.


 Firstly, the ground cracked to form huge trenches, next, there was torrential rain as huge rivers were formed. The rivers overflowed and floods plagued the surroundings.


 After three days and three nights, the floods receded, leaving behind vast expanses of fertile mud. Small ditches and rivers connected to the main channel of the giant river, forming an elaborate and dense network of rivers.


 Zhao Lian Yun witnessed the transformation of her immortal aperture the entire time, she was dazed and greatly shocked internally.


 "With heaven path dao marks, the immortal aperture will transform and become closer to a truly balanced environment. Even though there are temporary losses, the potential and prospects will rise by many times."


 Zhao Lian Yun had divine concealment from Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance. She did not face calamities and tribulations, this was beneficial and also detrimental, her immortal aperture development had always been a problem. But with the addition of heaven path dao marks, this problem was reduced greatly.


 "If only I had more heaven path dao marks!"


 "Sigh, what a pity that I only obtained six and a half heaven path dao marks, and they are all segmented too, I do not have a single complete heaven path dao mark."


 "How many heaven path dao marks did Fang Yuan get? He was the person refining the Gu, he was the closest to these heaven path dao marks."


 Zhao Lian Yun sighed.


 She could not imagine it or find the answer, but she knew that the difference between her and Fang Yuan had been greatly increased again.



***
Chapter 1972 Fang Yuans Disaster Relief


***





 



 "Wake up, wake up, kid!"


 Peng Da groaned and barely opened his eyes to see a bearded uncle, slapping him in the face with a rough palm.


 Peng Da was in a trance, and it was only then that he recognized the man in front of him.


 "Uncle Mo Li." He called out: "Wasn’t I sleeping on the camel?"


 Peng Da looked around, he could not help but be stunned once more.


 There was sand everywhere, the caravan was nowhere to be seen, leaving only him and Mo Li, both were in a messy state.


 "Ouch." Peng Da groaned as he realized he had bruises all over his body.


 Uncle Mo Li looked at Peng Da and sighed: "You kid, I don’t know what to say about you, you are so lucky! Many Gu Masters fled desperately, they all died. You were deeply asleep but survived. However, if I hadn’t discovered your faint breath in time and dug you out, I’m afraid you would have been buried alive."


 "Uncle Mo Li, you’ve saved me once again." Peng Da grabbed both of Mo Li’s hands, saying gratefully: "But what in the world had happened?"


 "It’s a natural disaster, I’ve never seen it before." Uncle Mo Li let out a heavy sigh.


 "So... what about our caravan?"


 "Sigh, it’s just the two of us now."


 What?! Peng Da could not help but stare with wide eyes and scream in his heart: "How can this world be so vicious, there was a natural disaster with no warning! I just slept for a bit and almost died again! My lord, what kind of world have I come to. It is simply a brutal and terrible place to live!"


 "At least we’re still alive." Mo Li knocked Peng Da on the head: "Kid, you don’t look satisfied? To be alive after a natural disaster like that is the greatest of all blessings!"


 "Look at me." Mo Li pointed his finger at his chest: "I’ve worked hard most of my life to own such a caravan. And now it’s all gone! Look on the bright side, otherwise we won’t survive until tomorrow. Sigh, it would be great if I could become an immortal!"


 "Immortal? There are immortals in this world?"


 Mo Li looked at Peng Da: "Did you forget everything?! You forgot even immortals? Sigh, I’ll explain in the future, let’s leave first."


 Peng Da followed Mo Li as they left, heading towards the closest oasis.


 Peng Da followed behind Mo Li and asked with caution: "Are there many disasters like this?"


 "Of course!" Mo Li said in a vicarious tone: "It’s not easy for us to make a living in the desert. Sandstorms are the killers that visit often. Sometimes there are also flying blade hurricanes, and each gust of wind can condense into a huge wind blade that cuts everything wherever it goes. In addition to natural disasters, there are also vicious beasts. For example, we are in wolf desert, desert wolves are most plentiful here."


 Howl—!


 As Mo Li was saying that, a group of desert wolves suddenly emerged from under the desert.


 "Wolves, wolves!" Peng Da jumped up in fright: "Oh heaven, they’re coming out from under the sand! So many heads, what do we do, uncle?!"


 Mo Li looked pale and cursed out loud: "Damn it! Why weren’t these desert wolves wiped out by the natural disaster?"


 It was not strange.


 The qi tides were the phenomenon of fusing heaven and earth qi, it originated from the Heavenly Dao. But the Heavenly Dao would not wipe out all life, there was a chance of survival in every situation. Mo Li and Peng Da were able to survive, other lifeforms naturally had such an opportunity as well.


 The desert wolves emerged from everywhere, but strangely enough, although they spotted Peng Da and Mo Li, they did not come to attack, instead they quickly assembled, howling and staring at the desert ground.


 Rustle rustle....


 With a series of moving sand sounds, golden scorpions emerged from the ground. These golden scorpions were all the size of a millstone, Peng Da watched with chills in his heart.


 The golden scorpion group and the desert wolf group were engaged in a brutal fight.


 Whenever a desert wolf was stung by a golden scorpion’s needle, it would immediately foam saliva at the mouth, fall to the ground, and eventually die. On the other hand, the golden scorpions could not fight against the desert wolves’ claws and teeth, and were often torn apart by the wolves’ claws.


 The two groups of beasts fought, because they were weak in intelligence, they paid no attention to Mo Li and Peng Da who were close by.


 Peng Da looked frightened and pale. This world was too dangerous, no matter which beast group won, they would surely still end up attacking the humans.


 "We must break out!" Mo Li gritted his teeth with a firm expression.


 "But uncle, we’re surrounded by golden scorpions and desert wolves." Peng Da wanted to cry.


 "Do you want to wait to be eaten?" Mo Li said, about to move: "Kid, can you fight?"


 "Huh? I, I can’t, I have amnesia."


 "These desert wolves and golden scorpions don’t care if you have amnesia. Stay close to me and do your best to save yourself. There is at least hope for breaking out." Mo Li said and laughed, "If breaking out fails, you’ll have to go fill the bellies of the beasts. But don’t worry, you won’t die alone, there’s still me."


 Peng Da could not help but roll his eyes, rather than dying like this, he would prefer to be buried alive!


 Mo Li started to break out and Peng Da yelled: "Uncle, wait for me!"


 He could only desperately follow behind Mo Li.


 It was fine when they were still, but when they moved, they alerted the scorpion and wolf groups.


 Almost at the same time, there were several golden scorpions and desert wolves, one left and one right, attacking them.


 Mo Li grunted and activated his mortal Gu, but he only managed to repel two of the beasts before they got encircled by the groups.


 "Breaking out has failed!" Mo Li sighed and gave up the fight.


 Peng Da clutched his head and fell into despair, he stuttered: "Am... am I going to die?!"


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 At this moment, be they the mini five regions or the mini nine heavens, chaos was everywhere, the entire place was in a commotion.


 Mini Southern Border’s mountains collapsed, the terrain became disorganized, Mini Central Continent’s river channels changed paths and caused torrential floods, Mini Western Desert had sandstorms everywhere that devoured cities and oases.


 Mini Northern Plains.


 An intense snowstorm was blowing, a pure white flame, fluttering in the blizzard, attached itself to wherever it burned.


 This was the special fire immortal material — frost ice flame.


 In places where the ice and snow path dao marks were dense, there would be a certain degree of probability that this special flame would be produced. Most of this flame was filled with ice and snow path dao marks, but the heart of the flame had dense fire path dao marks.


 "We cannot let this frost ice flame spread everywhere!" Snowman Gu Immortal Xue Er was in charge of the situation, she tried to salvage it.


 She was tasked by Fang Yuan to manage Triple Sacred Mountain, she controlled the snow crystal formation and focused on the growth of the snowman tribe’s expansion.


 Frost ice flames started to spread on triple sacred mountain, once the flames grew to a certain size, be they snowmen or snow monsters, they were burnt to death while crying in agony.


 The snowmen were in chaos, they escaped and trampled on each other, causing unnecessary deaths.


 Amidst the raging chaos, only a handful of snowman Gu Masters were trying to maintain order. But unfortunately, even with their cultivation, it was difficult to do anything against the immortal material frost ice flame.


 "Oh no, the frost ice flame has reached the ice path crystal essence!" Xue Er’s face turned pale, she became anxious.


 She had just now tried to save more of the snowmen, and as a result, she had lost sight of this, allowing the frost ice flame to appear in the snow crystal formation.


 The ice path crystal essence was the core of the snow crystal formation, Fang Yuan used the formation to spread out the frost energy created by the ice path crystal essence, that would constantly alter the environment inch by inch, creating a living habitat that suited the snowmen.


 Xue Er felt deep regret as she watched the frost ice flame burn the ice path crystal essence, while being helpless against it.


 Xue Er could not help but tear up and blame herself. The snow crystal formation was entrusted to her by Fang Yuan, it was the foundation for the snowman tribe’s growth, but it was actually going to be destroyed because of her mistake.


 She felt that she had let down the snowmen, she had let down Fang Yuan.


 But at this moment, a figure suddenly appeared.


 "Fang Yuan!" Xue Er was stunned before happiness appeared on her face.


 Fang Yuan grabbed the empty space in front of him, all of the frost ice flames within the formation were drawn away.


 Fang Yuan suddenly grunted as his body shook, pale white traces appeared around his body all of a sudden.


 From these pale white traces, Xue Er felt a vast power that surged in heaven and earth!


 "These are... heaven path dao marks! Oh heavens, there are so many heaven path dao marks, he must have at least a thousand!" Xue Er covered her mouth in surprise.


 "I will leave the rest to you." Fang Yuan smiled at Xue Er as he brought the frost ice flame away with him and vanished on the spot.


 Xue Er felt relaxed but worry soon appeared in her heart: "My dear fiance has so many heaven path dao marks, no wonder he went into seclusion after the fate war and rarely fought. Sigh, I am so useless, I could not help him at all. I could not even defend this snow crystal formation!"


 Fang Yuan appeared to help Xue Er alleviate the crisis of the snowmen in Mini Northern Plains, he immediately went back to his secret room to continue his closed cultivation.


 When he was refining fate Gu, Fang Yuan had the best position, because he was doing his best to absorb the heaven path dao marks, he had more than three thousand heaven path dao marks on his body, they were all complete and intact dao marks!


 One could say that he was the biggest winner in this plan that Red Lotus created.


 But this benefit was too great, he could not process it in the meantime. The sovereign immortal body had non-conflicting dao marks, with the addition of heaven path dao marks, that also meant that Sovereign grotto-heaven gained three thousand heaven path dao marks all of a sudden.


 These heaven path dao marks created a huge impact on Sovereign grotto-heaven.


 The impact was in many different aspects and had varying effects. They could be as large as mountains and rivers shifting, but also small like a changing tributary channel.


 "The way of heaven is to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits. It focuses on the balance of living beings, they limit each other. Even in an extreme environment like the snow crystal formation, the Heavenly Dao could alter it and create fire path dao marks within the ice and snow path dao marks, once the frost ice flame spreads its destruction, Mini Northern Plains would be completely altered beyond recognition."


 "Of course, if we ignore it, my Sovereign grotto-heaven will benefit from this, we will create a complete ecosystem that has balance and good prospects in the future.


 "However, this method consumes too much of my foundation, it is also what Red Lotus Demon Venerable wants to see!"


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly.


 Fate Gu was destroyed, Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s plan succeeded, Fang Yuan no longer had any value to him. Thus, Red Lotus Demon Venerable schemed and used the heaven path dao marks to restrict Fang Yuan, to limit his growth speed.


 However, even though Fang Yuan saw through this, he had to take the bait. It was because Fang Yuan noticed that sovereign immortal fetus Gu was tampered by Spectral Soul, he needed the heaven path dao marks to counter Spectral Soul’s arrangements.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable had been making use of Fang Yuan, it was evident from the rank seven future self killer move. But Fang Yuan also made use of Red Lotus, he used this Demon Venerable’s plan to destroy fate Gu, which was his biggest problem, he used Red Lotus’ million year plan to escape from the clutches of Spectral Soul’s arrangement.


 Zhao Lian Yun allowed the heaven path dao marks to make the alterations but Fang Yuan decided to interfere with them.


 The heaven path dao marks altered the sovereign immortal aperture, he actively participated, resisting and cooperating with the alterations to preserve his immortal aperture’s foundation.


 This cooperation and resistance gave Fang Yuan a lot of insight.


 Heaven path was merciless and impartial, human path was putting up a resistance, these two intertwined in Fang Yuan’s heart, shining in different radiance.


 "Time is about right." A while later, Fang Yuan moved again.


 This time, he stored the sovereign immortal aperture, his main body arrived in the world of the five regions.


 He stood in Western Desert as he looked at a tree in front of him.


 This tree was not even eight feet tall, the branches were short, thin and twisted like monstrous claws, making it look extremely ugly. But the strange thing was, it had an enormous shadow of light. This shadow of light was extremely large, reaching five or six hundred feet. The shadow of light was like a flourishing tree with many branches and leaves. The tree branches were white as snow, the flowers were pink like cherries. There were clusters of small fruits among the floral leaves that had yet to ripen, with all sorts of colors.


 It was the thousand wish tree.


 Around the thousand wish tree was Fang Yuan’s immortal formation.


 Right now, he stored the immortal formation and took the thousand wish tree along with him, they were all sent into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 This action caused a storm to surge, a vast air current spread out to the surroundings.


 Fang Yuan did not care about this, he turned into a flash of light and flew into the sky.


 The air currents rampaged in the surrounding deserts, causing loud sounds to be emitted.


 Peng Da and Mo Li failed to breakout, they were surrounded by desert wolves, right when they were about to die, the air currents arrived.


 The desert wolf group went into chaos as they scattered and escaped.


 Peng Da jolted: "Another disaster!"


 Mo Li stared with wide eyes as he looked and laughed: "Haha, we are saved! This is not a disaster, it is merely a normal hurricane. Let’s go!"



***
Chapter 1973 Going After Fang Yuan


***





 



 After the qi tide passed, clouds were sparse in the sky, it was a refreshing sight.


 A yellow cloud flew high in the sky, sprinkling light sand behind it along the way.


 There was a female immortal sitting on the yellow cloud. She had a corpulent body, her belly was bulging, her entire body resembled a water vat, she was a member of Mo clan, a super force in Western Desert. There was a title for her in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world — Plump Lady.


 Plump Lady did not dislike this title at all. She felt beautiful for being fat, and upon learning of this title, she liked it so much that she publicly called herself this from then on. In time, even her original name was forgotten in place of this title.


 "Huh?" As the yellow cloud flew, Plump Lady suddenly had a change of expression, sensing something unusual.


 Thus, the yellow cloud slightly contracted and flew down diagonally, changing its course slightly before suspending in mid-air.


 Plump Lady stood up from the yellow cloud and looked down at the giant pit beneath her feet.


 This giant pit was partially hidden by the wind blowing yellow sand and covering it, but Plump Lady was a native of Western Desert, she was all too familiar with the landscape of the sand pit.


 "This isn’t a naturally formed sand pit, but rather an empty space left behind after something in it was drawn away."


 "This aura... it’s the aura of an ancient desolate plant!"


 Plump Lady’s eyes shined with bright light, she immediately understood: a Gu Immortal had secretly made a move to steal an ancient desolate plant from here.


 Plump Lady snorted coldly as anger rose in her heart. Although she did not know what this ancient desolate plant was, this place was wolf desert, the territory of Mo clan. Stealing this ancient desolate plant was the same as stealing the Mo clan.


 "This ancient desolate plant must be quite valuable since it is able to hide and conceal itself from the detection of our clan. I’m afraid that it has already been discovered by some people long ago but they just did not take it. Now that qi tides is causing disasters, this person who stole the ancient desolate plant must have been worried that they would endanger this ancient desolate plant, and that’s why they took it."


 Plump Lady secretly analyzed the scene and carefully examined it.


 The thief’s actions were very clean, no obvious clues were left behind. Feeling disappointed, she had to use an information path Gu worm to inform the Mo clan, hoping that the clan would send good investigators to track down and capture this damned thief!


 And finally, Plump Lady used information path Gu worms to record the scene before leaving. She had a mission right now, she could not waste time here.


 As she flew along, she saw an oasis. The oasis was vast, and there was a stone city at the center. The city walls were short, but the overall length was long, there were a huge number of mortals living in the city, it was Sand Wolf City.


 Sand Wolf City was one of the main cities of Mo clan.


 Plump Lady did not cover her tracks and flew directly from high in the sky to the City Lord Manor.


 There were already people at the City Lord Manor who were ready to receive her, when they saw the arrival of Plump Lady, they all fell to their knees and shouted: "We pay our respects to revered immortal!"


 "Get up." Plump Lady stored the yellow cloud and stepped on the ground in front of everyone.


 "Revered immortal, the arrival banquet has been prepared. It contains the best wine and delicacies of Sand Wolf City, as well as fresh fruits that were just picked today." The city lord spoke.


 Plump Lady, however, waved her hand, she was not interested, she only said: "Prepare a secret room for me to undergo closed cultivation. Also, I asked you to gather Gu Masters with aptitude and loyalty, how is it going?"


 "It’s almost done. The vast majority of the city’s Gu Masters have already been screened." The city lord replied quickly.


 "Very well. After three days, I will take them away. Now, you can go and attend to your own matters."


 "Yes, I will do my best to complete this task to the best of my ability." The city lord promised in succession.


 The door of the secret room closed slowly, Plump Lady activated the formation here with a wave of her hand.


 She looked exhausted as her divine sense probed into her immortal aperture, when she saw the scene inside the immortal aperture, she inevitably let out another deep sigh.


 Her immortal aperture was originally a land of yellow sand and it was flat. At the heart of the desert, Plump Lady had carefully laid out more than six thousand acres of sand farms.


 Her sand farms mainly produced two types of immortal materials, they were light sand and cold-warm flowing sand. They were the main sources of goods that Plump Lady produced for a long time.


 But after the fate war, Plump Lady absorbed five heaven path dao marks, her immortal aperture started to change. The landscape became uneven, more and more sand dunes were created. Furthermore, there was a trench, as if a knife had come straight down across the center of the desert, splitting the entire desert, thousands of acres of sand farms were lost.


 "I don’t have wisdom path methods to make deductions and restrain this kind of natural development. Unless I hire a wisdom path Gu Immortal to take action, but my assets are not enough, I can’t afford it. I might as well save this expense in case of future mishaps." Plump Lady lamented in her heart.


 Mo clan had Gu Immortals that cultivated wisdom path, but they were not close to Plump Lady. In fact, even if the relationship was close, the wisdom path deductions would still cost Immortal essence, they could not work for Plump Lady for nothing, right? Therefore, there had to be a reward.


 "Furthermore, I recently absorbed heaven and earth qi, my immortal aperture is unstable."


 Right now, the five regional walls were gone, the five regions’ heaven and earth qi had no obstruction and started to fuse. Western Desert’s heaven and earth qi was changing gradually, this caused the foundation of Western Desert Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures to start differing from the heaven and earth qi of the outer world.


 When Gu Immortals absorb this heaven and earth qi, their immortal aperture would be unstable, there would be tremors.


 The best way to deal with it was to cooperate with the change and continue absorbing and releasing heaven and earth qi. If one keeps themselves in closed cultivation, after the heaven and earth qi changes drastically, when they open the immortal aperture entrance to absorb heaven and earth qi, the tremors would be huge, the immortal aperture would suffer even more damage.


 "If I had qi path attainment, I would be able to reduce the losses caused by the heaven and earth qi to a great extent."


 Wisdom path was a difficult path while qi path had been declining for years, there were few qi path Gu Immortals left.


 Plump Lady was only having dreams that were not realistic. In the end, she consoled herself: Even though she did not have wisdom path or qi path methods, other Gu Immortals were like her. Thus, she was not left behind in the dust by the majority of them.


 But Plump Lady still felt intense danger in her heart.


 This was something that all of the five regions’ Gu Immortals were feeling.


 The five regions were unified, everyone knew that life was no longer going to be peaceful anymore. Be they lone cultivators or super forces, they were making preparations for the huge battles in the future.


 This time, Plump Lady was tasked to go to Sand Wolf City and bring back Gu Immortal seeds for Mo clan to nurture.


 In fact, Mo clan or Western Desert were not the only ones, all of the forces in the five regions and two heavens were making preparations now.


 In the past, the five regions and two heavens were quite peaceful, super forces nurtured Gu Immortals while considering the provision of resources and their storage.


 But now, everyone was preparing for war, they were going to mobilize these resources!


 Thus, all of the forces focused on nurturing Gu Immortals than keeping resources. There was a common view: If they did not nurture enough Gu Immortals, their enemies would get all of their resources if they were wiped out in the future. If they did not use up those resources beforehand, that would be too wasteful.


 Plump Lady looked at her sand farms in the immortal aperture while feeling heartache. She could not discard these farms, they were her only sources of revenue, they were her biggest financial support pillar.


 Plump Lady had to preserve them.


 The future was uncertain, she did not know how long the qi tides would continue, but she had to salvage them regardless.


 "In the current world, I’m afraid only Fang Yuan will know how long these qi tides would last, he has Spring Autumn Cicada and can rebirth from the future after all." Plump Lady felt deep envy and admiration regarding this.


 Plump Lady rebuilt the sand farms in her immortal aperture, fixing the Gu formations inside.


 The area where the Earth Trench appeared could not be fixed. Thus, her six thousand acre sand farm was split into two.


 "If only I had an immortal Gu formation." Plump Lady felt a bit of regret, Mo clan also had formation path Gu Immortals, when she created the sand farm, Mo clan’s formation path Gu Immortal had asked her if she needed help.


 But Plump Lady rejected him.


 On one hand, she did not want to expose her immortal aperture, on the other hand, she wanted to save cost.


 After all, creating an immortal formation would use one of her Immortal Gu as the core. Plump Lady only had two rank six Immortal Gu herself.


 Also, the payment of hiring the formation path Gu Immortal was not cheap.


 "If I had created an immortal formation back then, my losses would be much lower. Sigh, how can anyone expect their own immortal aperture to be unsafe?"


 Plump Lady thought of this and felt some envy towards the formation path Gu Immortal. During this period of time, he had been extremely popular with everyone, they were looking for him to create immortal Gu formations around their immortal aperture’s resource points to protect them.


 Plump Lady felt a little bitterness towards the earth path she cultivated, earth path was skilled at changing terrain, but Western Desert had the most number of earth path Gu Immortals. Plump Lady’s earth path inheritance was also quite ordinary.


 As for cultivating a second path?


 Plump Lady did not even dare to think about such an absurd idea.


 She was already facing problems cultivating just earth path in terms of time and finances.


 Trying to juggle another path was courting death!


 Moreover, only those rare and exceptional inheritances could allow one to dual cultivate. For example, an inheritance left by Thunder Ghost True Monarch or Duke Long.


 After repairing her immortal aperture’s sand farm, Plump Lady still had to buy some fertile sand.


 Sand farms nurtured sand using sand, without enough sand-type immortal materials, the production would fall greatly.


 Plump Lady took out her Gu worms and connected to treasure yellow heaven.


 Treasure yellow heaven had all sorts of news, a large number of wills were conversing as they interacted.


 Because of the huge change in the world, Gu Immortals could not move around now, on one hand, they had to absorb and release heaven and earth qi continuously to adapt to the main world, on the other hand, they also had to take care of their immortal apertures and repair them continuously like Plump Lady. Cases like Zhao Lian Yun who ignored the damage caused were quite rare.


 Thus, Gu Immortals needed immortal materials or the help of Gu Immortals of other paths, treasure yellow heaven became a very popular destination for them.


 "Another qi tide happened over here, a lot of deaths occurred."


 "When are these qi tides going to end! Damn it, my fisheries have all been destroyed."


 "I hate the fact that we cannot move around, the stronger the immortal aperture foundation, the longer we need to adapt to the heaven and earth qi and keep up with the five regions’ transformation."


 The Gu Immortals sighed as they talked about the news of these qi tides.


 Other than that, there was Fang Yuan’s arrest warrant!


 A mysterious force described Fang Yuan’s circumstances, they were willing to pay a huge sum for his latest information.


 Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal aperture, his sovereign immortal body had non-conflicting dao marks. More terrifyingly, he could annex people’s apertures to skip calamities and tribulations, increasing his cultivation level. But now, Fang Yuan obtained too many heaven path dao marks, his strength had hit an all-time low. Whoever discovered his location would get a huge reward!


 The sovereign immortal fetus Gu’s secret was completely exposed, this was not Heavenly Court’s doing. Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan had released the arrest warrant due to Spectral Soul’s orders.


 "Too strong! This sovereign immortal body is too terrifying, it can cultivate all paths."


 "I finally understand why Fang Yuan’s cultivation level rose so quickly! In the blink of an eye, he became a rank eight great expert."


 "Who can have such a great fortuitous encounter?"


 "Why does heaven favor this otherworldly demon! If I had his fortuitous encounters, I could achieve such great accomplishments as well."


 The Gu Immortals were filled with jealousy and hatred.


 "We cannot let him grow further, he can annex apertures, he is the enemy of all Gu Immortals."


 "Let those experts handle him. I am just a minor character, why would I ever encounter Fang Yuan?"


 "The reward is a huge amount of immortal materials, I wonder which lucky person will get them."


 "Lucky person? Exposing the great demon Fang Yuan’s location would be offending him, you call that lucky? We have all seen Fang Yuan’s battle strength ourselves, even if he is at his weakest, how weak can that be? No matter how weak a person is, killing an ant is extremely easy regardless. Even if I find his location, I will not dare to expose him."


 Plump Lady heard these discussions, she felt conflicting emotions within her.


 The information had been released in treasure yellow heaven several days ago. It had received huge attention, it was the hot topic currently, without showing signs of dying down.


 Everyone in the world had seen the fate war. Fang Yuan’s performance was shockingly terrifying. The world knew about his pseudo venerable battle strength, the title of the number one demon in the world belonged to him, nobody dared to contest this!


 "Hopefully, I never meet such a person in my life. No matter how fat I am, my size cannot compare to such a huge demon. If I get involved in his matters, I will die without doubt."


 Plump Lady was quite aware of her situation, she was only enjoying the show as a spectator.


 But she did not know that she had once fought against Fang Yuan. In fact, the ancient desolate plant that was stolen earlier was taken by Fang Yuan!


 While Plump Lady entered closed cultivation, two figures in sorry states supported each other as they moved towards Sand Wolf City step by step.


 The city guards did not chase them away, they could tell that these two were Gu Masters.


 The guard walked towards them and extended his hand: "Entry fee of one primeval stone per person."


 "There’s still an entry fee?" One of the downcast Gu Masters started with wide eyes, he was Peng Da.


 The middle aged Gu Master that he was supporting was naturally Mo Li.


 The two of them were saved by the air currents generated when Fang Yuan took the thousand wish tree, after exerting effort, they finally reached Sand Wolf City.


 "I have them." Mo Li was already prepared, he took out two primeval stones and handed them to the guard.


 Peng Da took a look at these two primeval stones.


 Along the way, he was taught by Mo Li, he could now inspect his aperture, he found that he had three Gu worms. He even understood the value of primeval stones, it was used as currency but also as a way to replenish a Gu Master’s precious primeval essence!


 "Two primeval stones to enter a city." Peng Da sighed: "Uncle Mo Li, I will return this sum to you."


 Mo Li patted his shoulder: "Let’s go kid. No matter how poor I am, I can still afford this fee. During this period, you should stay at my home, you are penniless and have no memory of this city, how can you live alone?"


 Mo Li had guided Peng Da along the way, after finding that he knew nothing about Gu Master cultivation, he believed the words that he was amnesiac.


 "Uncle, thank you so much. You saved my life and even helped me this much..."


 "Don’t say that!" Mo Li interrupted Peng Da and brought him into the city.


 Mo Li’s house was at the central area of Sand Wolf City, it was a huge house with a garden that had flowers growing in it.


 "I am back!" Mo Li knocked on the door as his wife opened the door.


 "You are finally back!" Mo Li’s wife was a rank two Gu Master, seeing her husband, she was happy and surprised: "I heard the qi tide appeared, I thought you..."


 "I was lucky and lived, but my caravan is completely ruined, only the two of us survived. Sigh!" Mo Li sighed deeply.


 "Being alive is the greatest blessing!" Mo Li’s wife turned her eyes.


 "Auntie." Peng Da greeted after their conversation.


 Mo Li’s wife chuckled: "Little lad, thank you for taking care of my husband along the way."


 Peng Da’s face turned red as he said: "I am ashamed, it was uncle who took care of me during this journey, without his help, I would have died in the desert."


 "As travelers outside, helping each other is necessary. Quickly come in." Mo Li’s wife was very welcoming.


 Mo Li and Peng Da had a rough journey, but they were finally safe now.


 After showering in Mo Li’s house, the two of them went to bed and fell sound asleep.


 After sleeping from noon to night time, Peng Da was woken up by Mo Li for a scrumptious dinner.


 After dinner, Mo Li said to his wife: "We still have some money left, even though my caravan was destroyed, as long as I am alive, I can rebuild a new caravan!"


 But his wife had a hesitant look: "I haven’t told you this, I was hesitating, thankfully, you returned alive."


 "What is it?" Mo Li was curious as he asked.


 "After you left, the city lord sent orders that they would select Gu Masters that had A grade aptitude and were loyal to Mo clan. Supposedly, this is an order from the higher-ups, they want to nurture Gu Masters to become Gu Immortals."


 "Oh? There is such a thing?" Mo Li hesitated: "The city lord put up a public notice? I went past the city gates quickly, I did not see it."


 Mo Li’s wife continued: "Our son heard the news and wanted to sign up."


 Mo Li laughed unconsciously: "To think our son would have such aspirations, but he only has B grade aptitude."


 Mo Li’s wife laughed: "Aptitude is not too important, loyalty to Mo clan is most important. If we show enough loyalty, our son might be selected."


 Mo Li realized at once, asking:" How much?"


 Mo Li’s wife said a number, Peng Da’s mouth became wide open.


 Mo Li’s wife was very troubled: "Even if we use all our remaining savings, it will not be enough. Husband, the decision is up to you."


 Mo Li was silent for a moment before he resolved himself: "I will borrow! It is rare that our son is no longer lazy and wants to improve himself, this is a good thing. I will go and borrow shamelessly, I am sure we will gather enough funds."


 "Husband..." Mo Li’s wife was touched but felt worried as well: "But our caravan was destroyed, I am afraid..."


 Mo Li smiled as he patted his chest, feeling confident: "Don’t worry, I am a rank three Gu Master, my body is strong and my strength is intact. Everyone knows that I only need time, as long as my luck is not bad, I can recover from this loss!"



***
Chapter 1974 Creating An Opening


***





 



 The sky was light purple in color, gathered in mid-air was a large area of grey clouds resembling thick fog, making the view of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven quite unclear.


 But the layout of this place was good, even Spectral Soul could not help but praise it.


 He had disguised as a soul beast, he successfully infiltrated the grotto-heaven, after many days, he finally found out a lot of information about Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven.


 This was a soul path grotto-heaven, there were a lot of soul path cultivation resources here, it had at least ten giant resource points! In history, it had once produced two rank eight soul path immortals at the same point in time, it was a very rare situation.


 The biggest trait of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven was that it had a soul pacifying immortal killer move that influenced all lifeforms in this grotto-heaven. This killer move could pacify soul beasts and bring peace to Gu Immortals’ souls, it had a huge supplementary effect in soul cultivation.


 There were three aspects in soul path cultivation, strengthening, refining, and pacifying the soul.


 The most effective method to pacify the soul was using the water of Bewitching Lake, it was known as pacifying soul soup, the most delicious wine in the world. This was recorded in \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e.


 The soul pacifying killer move in Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven was created by mimicking the pacifying soul soup. Even Spectral Soul thought that the effect of this move was good.


 Within Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, soul beasts were the most plentiful of beasts.


 It had raised soul beasts to begin with, now that Fate was destroyed and the five regions unified, in order to prepare for war, the Gu Immortals of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven went outside to hunt and store more soul beasts.


 But the higher-ups with Lady Cold Ash as the leader still did not think this was enough, they sent even more Gu Immortals outside to search for even more soul beasts.


 Thanks to the soul pacifying killer move, even if immemorial soul beasts went into Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, they would remain peaceful and would not rampage.


 After An Xun returned to the grotto-heaven to rest for a few days, he received orders to go out and hunt soul beasts again.


 "I am letting you command three thousand soul beasts with one immemorial soul beast as the guardian, do your best." Before leaving, Lady Cold Ash called for him.


 An Xun was the tall and skinny Gu Immortal from earlier, he was the nephew of Lady Cold Ash, and also the Gu Immortal with the best prospects to go beyond rank seven in Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven.


 "Thank you for the concern, aunt." An Xun said with difficulty: "But such a huge soul beast group, I do not have the ability to command them."


 Lady Cold Ash waved her hand: "My killer move can allow you to command this soul beast group with ease for twenty days."


 An Xun was overjoyed, he quickly thanked her.


 He understood that his aunt was helping in secret and taking care of him. Even though Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven did not lack resources and had deep foundation, when nurturing Gu Immortals, seniority mattered.


 Lady Cold Ash helped An Xun secretly, hoping that he would emerge victorious in the contest against An Chong and become the rank seven Gu Immortal who received the most support.


 She was his aunt after all!


 An Xun led the soul beast army and left Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, heading to black heaven for his hunt.


 For the next few days, his gains were little, he became a little anxious.


 "Logically speaking, after the qi tide passes, there would be many dead lifeforms, their souls would be left behind and form more soul beasts." An Xun could not understand why this was not happening.


 Along the way, he did not meet many soul beasts, but he gathered a lot of qi path immortal materials, he did not know whether to laugh or cry.


 Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven was a soul path grotto-heaven, these qi path immortal materials were almost unusable, they could only be traded away.


 An Xun could not understand why, but Spectral Soul knew: "It seems that after the qi tide passes, qi path dao marks flood the area, causing other paths to be suppressed. Soul path is no exception, it is hard to form new soul beasts. In contrast, qi path immortal materials are going to increase in numbers, they will be at an absurd number in the future."


 Spectral Soul saw the trend and felt a little strange internally: "To think that qi path would regain its former glory!"


 Qi path had been declining, but with the current situation where qi path immortal materials get produced widely in the five regions and two heavens, the abundance of resources would lower the cost of cultivation. It would create a trend of numerous qi path cultivators.


 Spectral Soul turned into an ancient soul beast and secretly followed An Xun, he left Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven for his own objectives.


 He had already inspected Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, but he could not take action inside. Outside, it was a different story.


 However, Spectral Soul did not act immediately, he patiently waited for a chance.


 As expected, after more than ten days, An Xun encountered a group of soul beasts that numbered to more than a thousand.


 "I finally met some." An Xun was overjoyed, he quickly manipulated the soul beast army to attack.


 A huge battle began.


 Initially, An Xun had the advantage, but soon, he found that an immemorial soul beast appeared in the enemy’s group.


 He quickly let out his guardian, it was also an immemorial soul beast.


 The two immemorial soul beasts fought intensely, creating a small battlefield for themselves.


 The enemy immemorial soul beast was much stronger than An Xun had expected, his immemorial soul beast quickly fell into a disadvantage, about to be defeated.


 An Xun was shocked, he quickly acted to help out his immemorial soul beast.


 Eventually, An Xun paid a huge price of suffering injuries to exterminate the enemy immemorial soul beast.


 An Xun felt regret that he could not capture the wild immemorial soul beast, he had tried many methods to subdue it but he failed, he had no choice but to kill it in the end.


 After the battle, An Xun counted his gains and losses, despite his heavy injuries, he gained eight hundred soul beasts overall, among which were many ancient soul beasts.


 "This should be enough." An Xun let out a sigh of relief, these gains were sufficient, he did not let down Lady Cold Ash and her expectations.


 But right when An Xun relaxed his mind, Spectral Soul struck at lightning speed, flying into An Xun’s body.


 An Xun’s face distorted as he shook intensely, after a while, he returned to normal.


 Spectral Soul came out of his body as An Xun knelt down: "I pay respects to master!"


 "Mm." Spectral Soul nodded with a tired expression.


 He had an ability to enter a life form’s soul and forcefully modify it so that they would obey Spectral Soul from the depths of their soul with absolute loyalty.


 But there were many limitations to this, he could not use it casually.


 Back then, Spectral Soul subdued Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan when they were at their weakest. Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan were in poor conditions then, while she had also been subconsciously influenced by him over time.


 Thus, in order to deal with An Xun, Spectral Soul had to wait until he was at his weakest.


 The reason he caused this huge soul beast battle instead of directly attacking because he needed to deceive Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven. An Xun was a rank seven Gu Immortal, it was not easy for him to explore black heaven, there were investigative methods used on him. If anything happened to him, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven would react to it rapidly.


 "After subduing An Xun, I have an opening in Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, is Lady Cold Ash still far from my grasp? Hehe." Spectral Soul chuckled.


 Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven had the most suitable cultivation resources for Spectral Soul, he could take control of it and use it to interfere in the world affairs to accomplish his goals.


 "I have already created my opening here, it is far better than hunting soul beasts myself! I wonder what breakthrough Fairy Zi Wei has made already."


 At the same time, in a certain Central Continent valley.


 "Fang Yuan, you cannot escape." Fairy Zi Wei called out, using a purple meteor attack.


 The purple meteor landed on Fang Yuan as it pierced his chest, creating a gaping hole.


 Fang Yuan stared at Fairy Zi Wei, he fell with a loud sound and scattered into smoke.


 "Another clone!" Even though Fairy Zi Wei was prepared for it, she still felt tired seeing this.


 Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan had already killed hundreds of Fang Yuan’s clones.


 She immediately captured and stored the smoke that the myriad self clone turned into.


 Next, she took out a sealed clone of Fang Yuan from her aperture.


 She instilled the smoke of the destroyed myriad self clone into the sealed clone.


 Soon, the white smoke was absorbed by the clone, its cultivation level rose again.


 These myriad self clones were summoned by Fang Yuan during the battle in Heavenly Court, Fairy Zi Wei had used the transportation formation to send them all over Central Continent.


 Fairy Zi Wei was ordered by Spectral Soul to find Fang Yuan, after putting up the arrest warrant, all the information she received involved these clones.


 Fairy Zi Wei had no choice but to pay them the reward as they had provided information. But she also went around laboriously to capture the Fang Yuan myriad self clones all over the continent.


 If she left them unattended to, these clones would be the best concealment for Fang Yuan’s main body. Fairy Zi Wei also had another idea, what if Fang Yuan was hiding among these clones?


 This was not impossible.


 "Thankfully, these myriad self clones can sense each other, when I capture one, I can use the connection to find the next clone."


 "But..."


 Fairy Zi Wei watched as the sealed clone of Fang Yuan rose in cultivation level, she felt worried: "Fang Yuan’s human path attainment level is so high. These clones can actually devour each other and show such autonomy..."


 "Fang Yuan’s strength is low because because of two reasons. Firstly, the heaven and earth qi are converging and forming qi tides, immortal apertures are becoming unstable, secondly, the heaven path dao marks he absorbed are also like a seal."


 "Among the different paths, human path is the most suitable for dealing with heaven path. Who knows how many heaven path dao marks Fang Yuan gained, how long can they suppress him for?"


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The thousand wish tree was planted in Mini Central Continent.


 An immortal formation with the thousand wish tree as the core was already set up, it started to activate now.


 Due to the influence of the heaven path dao marks, Sovereign grotto-heaven had been encountering disasters and calamities endlessly, but even in this situation, Fang Yuan still spent effort to create and defend this formation.


 "Good." After observing for a while, Fang Yuan smiled as he saw the formation working normally.


 This was a human path formation, the thousand wish tree was a human path ancient desolate plant, with his formation path and human path attainment levels, Fang Yuan finally made such progress.


 The formation in Mini Central Continent was the main formation, there was going to be four more human path sub-formations created in the other mini regions.


 "I am trying to use human path to restrict heaven path, let’s see how well it works!" Fang Yuan held high expectations for this plan.



***
Chapter 1975 World Poetry Competition


***





 



 Immemorial black heaven.


 "They’re here!" An Xun shouted excitedly.


 Under his silent supervision, a soul beast army of a thousand charged towards his ambush.


 Once they entered his range, An Xun activated his ambushing soul beasts, attacking all of the wild soul beasts from all sides.


 While An Xun controlled the soul beast army, he activated Immortal Gu and unleashed all sorts of immortal killer moves.


 As his killer moves landed on them, the soul beasts on his side gained a boost in battle strength, speed, and defense to some degree.


 This battle lasted for several minutes, An Xun successfully killed four hundred wild soul beasts while the rest were captured.


 "Master!" An Xun gathered a pile of soul cores and offered them to Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul opened his mouth and absorbed all of these soul cores into his body, starting to digest them.


 After last time when he secretly followed An Xun and enslaved him, Spectral Soul managed to get his plan started.


 He secretly passed the profundities of soul path cultivation to An Xun, according to the soul path Immortal Gu that An Xun had, he personally created soul path killer moves for him.


 An Xun’s strength continued to rise, he took many missions to capture soul beasts.


 For this purpose, Spectral Soul created two methods, one could find out the location of wild soul beasts, the other was a simplified immortal formation that could lure soul beasts after it was set up.


 With these two methods, An Xun captured wild soul beasts with much higher efficiency, each mission was completed to a high degree.


 Lady Cold Ash saw that her nephew did not let down her expectations but even went beyond that and shined brightly, she was very happy about it.


 Within Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, Lady Cold Ash was the only rank eight, she was naturally their leader.


 Below her were An Chong and An Xun. Last time, when Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch opened his grotto-heaven and invited them, Lady Cold Ash brought the two of them with her, she wanted to let them gain some experience, and also let them meet up with others to become acquainted with other Gu Immortals.


 When Lady Cold Ash was in the meeting in the grotto-heaven, An Chong and An Xun stayed outside the grotto-heaven and talked with the other rank seven elites of other grotto-heavens.


 But Lady Cold Ash did not know that An Xun was already turned into Spectral Soul’s slave. In fact, the entire Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, including herself, was currently targeted by Spectral Soul, their future was bleak.


 The more missions he completed, and the higher the completion rate, the more advantage An Xun would have in this competition.


 Lady Cold Ash could see this, the other Gu Immortals in the grotto-heaven also noticed this.


 One day, Lady Cold Ash summoned An Chong as she instructed: "Since the last time Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch called for us to have a meeting, he was very active in asking the grotto-heavens to work together. But in Central Continent’s black heaven, there are many variant humans but only two rank eight humans including me. Thankfully, I have already contacted Granny Skeleton, she is a rank eight Gu Immortal of Eastern Sea’s black heaven. In this journey to Eastern Sea, you are representing Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, you will meet with Granny Skeleton and show our sincerity to cooperate." 

 "Yes." An Chong replied, feeling bitter inside.


 He knew Lady Cold Ash’s intention.


 By sending him on this mission, she was helping An Xun to claim victory, he was going to become the nurturing target of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven.


 If An Xun performed similarly to himself, An Chong would feel unresigned and angry. But An Xun did really well, far better than him, even An Chong felt that he had no chance to win.


 He accepted this mission, he took some immortal materials from Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven’s inventory as a meeting gift.


 After leaving Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, he passed the heavenly wind qi wall and arrived in the five regions.


 He concealed his traces and went from Central Continent to Eastern Sea. Next, he went through the heavenly wind qi wall in Eastern Sea and to Granny Skeleton’s area.


 When the regional walls existed, Gu Immortals had a lot of trouble crossing regions. Many strong Gu Immortals would choose to travel using the two heavens.


 But now that the regional walls had vanished, even a black heaven Gu Immortal like An Chong could travel through the five regions.


 Black heaven had a dangerous environment, it would be troublesome if one met an immemorial desolate beast. Even though An Chong had an immemorial soul beast hiding in his immortal aperture, he only had rank seven cultivation level after all. Especially now when the qi tides were rampaging, the five regions Gu Immortals had to recuperate, they rarely moved around. Thus, it was easy for An Chong to travel.


 Along the way, An Chong found that the five regions were facing huge disasters, the qi tides had caused much destruction.


 Regardless, he did not meet with any unexpected mishaps, he successfully arrived in Eastern Sea and went up to immemorial black heaven. According to the communication method left by Lady Cold Ash, he successfully went into Shattered Bone grotto-heaven and met with Granny Skeleton.


 "Fate has been destroyed, the qi tides are surging. With the current changing world, if we do not cooperate, the future will be uncertain. We are all humans, we should work together and stay united." Granny Skeleton did not create problems for An Chong, she agreed immediately.


 Granny Skeleton continued: "However, in Eastern Sea’s black heaven, variant human forces are more dominant. Lady Cold Ash wants us to cooperate, why would Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch do nothing? He must be gathering the variant human forces of the other regions’ black heaven as well."


 An Chong knew that Granny Skeleton would not say unimportant things, he quickly asked: "Senior, what insight might you have?"


 Granny Skeleton said: "Since we are uniting the humans of immemorial black heaven, why don’t we include white heaven as well? I will not hide it from you, I have contacted many people already, the response is quite good. Among them, there is one key person, we need your help to persuade them."


 Granny Skeleton paused and continued: "This person is a rank eight Gu Immortal, he is known as Old Immortal Hua Yu, he controls Profound Literature grotto-heaven. He has quite the reputation in Eastern Sea’s white heaven, if we can ally with this person, it will definitely bring along a number of white heaven Gu Immortals, we will save a lot of effort."


 An Chong heard this and thought: Going to meet Old Immortal Hua Yu was not part of his mission, but if he could accomplish this feat, he would have a chance to compete with An Xun again.


 Thinking of this, An Chong made his decision, saying to Granny Skeleton: "Since senior has already planned this, junior will set out for Profound Literature grotto-heaven."


 Granny Skeleton praised: "Good, as expected of a member of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven. Old Immortal Hua Yu does not like to fight or kill, that is why he has little interest in an alliance. If you can succeed in this trip, I will reward you greatly!"


 An Chong left Shattered Bone grotto-heaven and went to immemorial white heaven, meeting with Old Immortal Hua Yu.


 Even though Old Immortal Hua Yu had little interest in an alliance, An Chong was representing Lady Cold Ash in this trip. The other party was also a rank eight Gu Immortal, Old Immortal Hua Yu did not dare to ignore them, he opened the door and invited An Chong in.


 After seeing Old Immortal Hua Yu, An Chong gave the speech that he thought up along the way but Old Immortal Hua Yu was unmoved.


 "My Profound Literature grotto-heaven does not involve itself in worldly affairs, we are a neutral party. Even though we do not want to make an alliance, the two of us can still exchange resources."


 Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven produced soul path resources, it was quite useful for Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 Seeing that he could not convince Old Immortal Hua Yu, An Chong thought that this transaction was at least better than nothing. This was the first time they were interacting, after several transactions, wouldn’t they get closer?


 With a deeper relationship, requesting for an alliance would be much better hopes.


 After saying goodbye to Old Immortal Hua Yu, An Chong was asked to stay by another Gu Immortal.


 Gu Immortal Hua Song attended to him, he said: "You have traveled a long journey to come here, you should stay for a few days. During this period, the mortal imperial court is holding a world poetry competition, many beautiful poems will be created and recited then, it is quite interesting to watch."


 An Chong had already heard from Granny Skeleton about the poetry culture of Profound Literature grotto-heaven. All of their Gu Immortals were scholarly and preferred literature works over beautiful women or wine.


 An Chong wanted to improve his relationship with Profound Literature grotto-heaven, even though he had no interest in poetry or recital, he could not refuse their kind invitation, he agreed to stay.


 The world poetry competition commenced.


 This was an unprecedented event, Profound Literature grotto-heaven had never held such a huge competition before. Thus, all sorts of talents gathered from all over Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 Other than the talented scholars who wanted to display their abilities in the poetry competition, many people came here to watch the grand event.


 Thus, the capital city that was holding the world poetry competition became filled with people since a month ago.


 People moved on the bustling streets, Li Xiao Bai and Teacher Jiang walked side by side.


 "The world poetry competition has eighteen rounds, Xiao Bai, if you want to change your circumstances, this is the best chance. I understand your talent, you can pass the first ten rounds, but the latter eight will depend on your luck. Sigh, teacher cannot help you this time, we might even end up as opponents." Teacher Jiang sighed.


 This was a grand event, Teacher Jiang also wanted to participate and compete with the other talented scholars!


 After Li Xiao Bai heard this, he held down the urge to roll his eyes as he thought: "I am almost certain now that you will end up as my opponent, dear teacher."


 Li Xiao Bai was Fang Yuan’s clone, he was sent into Profound Literature grotto-heaven as a pawn to take over this grotto-heaven.


 Initially, Li Xiao Bai had a smooth sailing journey, he even received the affection of Su clan’s young miss, Su Qi Han. As a result, Li Xiao Bai became one of the ten great scholars, he had a chance to become Su clan’s son-in-law.


 Next, while Li Xiao Bai was on his way to the capital city, the world shook as mountains collapsed and rivers flooded. The people in Li Xiao Bai’s group got injured while some died, they were trapped in the valley for months before Li Xiao Bai managed to escape for his life.


 Because of this, he missed the opportunity and did not meet with the emperor. Without the emperor’s decree, his ten great scholar title was conferred to others.


 Li Xiao Bai wanted to contact Su Qi Han but found that after hearing about his situation, she went to look for him and went missing as a result, even now, she had not returned yet.


 After arriving in the capital city, Li Xiao Bai encountered many setbacks, people tried to target him secretly, he offended officials or royalty without knowing it, he had a tough time. If not for Teacher Jiang’s help, he would have ended up on the streets as a beggar.


 But he knew why.


 "Even though my main body destroyed fate Gu, our strong luck was almost completely expended in this battle. The result is that I as a clone also became really unlucky."


 "This world poetry competition is the event created by Profound Literature grotto-heaven to choose new Gu Immortal seeds. Even though teacher does not know the details, he still chose to join, he is going to become my obstacle."


 "I am so unlucky now, I will definitely face him. If I defeat him, this teacher might hate me for life. But this chance is too rare, if I do not use it to deal with the difficulties ahead, I will meet with more problems in the future!"



***
Chapter 1976 Li Xiao Bais Spring Poem


***





 



 "Lord Gu Masters, please come in!" The waiter bent his back as he invited Hua Song and An Chong into the shop.


 "This is a famous teahouse of the capital city, it is very crowded, I have come here many times in the past." Hua Song transmitted as he explained to An Chong.


 The two had disguised as Gu Masters as they came to the capital city of Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 An Chong was more willing to observe the capital city from above the clouds. But since Hua Song had such interests, he could only accompany the person who invited him.


 "I want a table on the fifth floor." Hua Song was very familiar with this place.


 The two came to the fifth floor, they entered the room and saw through the windows that the streets were bustling with people outside, the street with the bronze gate where the first round of the competition was held was completely packed with people.


 "These are the current generation scholars of my Profound Literature grotto-heaven, they are the hope of our future as well. Please observe." Hua Song sighed as he handed a rank five investigative Gu worm to An Chong, it could observe the target’s talent qi.


 An Chong took a look and used it immediately, his field of vision changing immediately. He could now see the talent qi above the heads of countless scholars. These talent qi had all sorts of colors, some were taller than others, they all had different forms, it was an eye-opener.


 "Since you have such a Gu worm to observe talent qi, what is the point of holding this competition?" An Chong asked.


 Hua Song chuckled: "You might not know, talent qi is like cultivation level, even if one possesses a larger talent qi, they might not be able to use it properly in actual competition. Furthermore, this competition requires them to make poems on the spot, they cannot cheat. We want to test the upbringing of these scholars, some who have abundant talent qi might not have sufficient inspiration to create the highest quality poems."


 An Chong nodded: "I see that the formations here are interlinked, they are able to amplify the creative thinking of the scholars?"


 Hua Song nodded: "Indeed, you are very perceptive! Within the immortal formation, scholars are able to display greater abilities than usual, they will make full use of their talents."


 As they spoke, the door was knocked.


 After getting Hua Song’s permission, the waiter brought over an array of dishes and wine.


 "Eight treasure duck, golden thread crispy sparrow, panda crab meat, they are all signature dishes of our teahouse, please enjoy the food." The waiter said.


 Hua Song gave the waiter one primeval stone as a tip before he left the room.


 Hua Song explained to An Chong: "Envoy, even though the tea here is mortal tea, it was created by Lord Hua Yu in his youth, when he was still a rank four Gu Master, he became the top scholar and thus this tea was named by him as the top scholar tea."


 "Oh?" An Chong became interested now, this was the creation of a rank eight Gu Immortal in his youth.


 "Then I will have to savor this well." An Chong drank it, he shut his eyes as he tasted the tea, in a daze, he felt a rush of excitement in his heart, it was as if he had attained success after decades of hard work, he finally gained the reputation and fame that he deserved, life was at its peak!


 "Good tea, good tea." An Chong praised sincerely: "Even though this is a mortal tea, it has a trace of human path ingenuity within it!"


 During the fate war, Central Continent’s Heavenly Court used multiple human path killer moves with shocking power, the entire world knew about it. Thus, human path became renowned in the world, everyone knew about it.


 While the two immortals were enjoying their tea, the bronze gate of the first competition ground opened slowly.


 The crowd of people waiting before the gate erupted into a huge commotion.


 "It’s opening, it’s opening!"


 "Don’t squeeze."


 "Quickly let me in."


 The crowds charged through the gate.


 Li Xiao Bai was among them, but he was at the back instead.


 He moved along with the people as he analyzed the rules of this competition.


 "The world poetry competition has eighteen rounds, each one has a question, everyone has to answer it, regardless of how many people, their final product will be assessed and only half will be able to pass."


 "Towards the later rounds, the numbers will continue being halved. Like this, once someone passes all eighteen rounds, they will fulfill the condition."


 "If someone fails once, they will have to return to the previous round. If they keep losing and fall out of the first round, they will be out."


 "However, this poetry competition will last for seven days. Everyone has three opportunities to try even if they get kicked out of the first round."


 "This way, Profound Literature grotto-heaven will be able to pick the most eligible Gu Immortal seeds. Even if someone makes a mistake, they will have a chance to try again. But if any scholar fails to perform throughout the seven days, it will mean that they are not up to standard, they are not qualified to receive the grotto-heaven’s help to become an immortal."


 Li Xiao Bai retracted his thoughts, he had already arrived at the first arena.


 The arena was large but packed with scholars.


 There were males and females, young and old, the number of people exceeded the thousands.


 This was just the first day.


 Li Xiao Bai waited for another fifteen minutes in the arena before all of the scholars had joined the first round.


 There was truly a sea of people, the liveliness was overwhelming.


 Thankfully, the first arena was an immortal formation space, it could expand casually and hold so many scholars without problems.


 Bang... bang... bang!


 As the drums rolled, a voice was transmitted into the scholars’ minds: "World poetry competition, first question — Spring, the time limit is five minutes."


 After saying that, the voice vanished.


 "The first question is spring?"


 Many scholars frowned while many scholars showed happy expressions.


 Li Xiao Bai thought to himself: "There are simply too many spring poems in existence, this question seems really easy. After all, most scholars would have some sort of verses related to this theme. Even though the world poetry competition requires the creation of poems on the spot, a person can easily modify existing verses to create their own new poems."


 "But in reality, this question is quite the tough one." Li Xiao Bai had an expression of deep thought.


 He knew that his poem was going to compete against the surrounding people. As long as he was stronger than half of them, he would progress to the next stage.


 Many scholars noticed this as well.


 Many people started to think, some sat down on the ground while others paced around with their arms behind their backs, some lowered their heads, muttering softly to themselves.


 Li Xiao Bai’s thought was: "Which poem do I use, or steal?"


 There were many spring related poems in his memory, they were all amazing classics.


 But using a legendary classic from the start was not good, this would not allow Li Xiao Bai to explain himself in the future. He did not have top tier talent qi, if he took out a shocking poem now, he would attract suspicion.


 If his luck was good now, Li Xiao Bai might take slight risks. But now that he was having bad luck, Li Xiao Bai decided to play safe.


 While Li Xiao Bai was thinking about it, many scholars already started to make their poems.


 Thus, all kinds of lights shining in all colors, weak or strong, appeared. Whenever the light fades from a scholar’s body, they would have some gains.


 Some gained Gu worms, some gained a rise in cultivation level, some recovered primeval essence, while others recovered from fatigue.


 This was the killer move known as assisting literary talents.


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s creator, its original owner, had used this move before his death. Because of assisting literary talents, more and more scholars were encouraged to study, it eventually created the environment of Profound Literature grotto-heaven where most people were scholars.


 Li Xiao Bai decided on his poem.


 He coughed lightly before starting his recital.


 "A moonlit night[1]."


 "Deep into the night the moon shines on half a cottage, across the sky the Big Dipper lies, the Little Dipper tilts an incline."


 "The warmth of spring is readily felt tonight, through the green window screen, insects buzz and hum."


 After Li Xiao Bai finished his recital, a light buzzing noise could be heard around him, his entire body shined in an intense green light.


 Whoosh.


 The scholars around Li Xiao Bai felt an invisible pressure as the green light forced them to move aside, a huge empty space was created with Li Xiao Bai at the center.


 "Such, such a strong light!"


 "A famed poem has appeared!"


 "To think that a famed poem would appear so quickly. I wonder who created it?"


 Many scholars lost their train of thought, they all looked towards Li Xiao Bai with admiration and suspicion.


 Li Xiao Bai had a calm expression but he was a little conflicted inside: "Sigh, I went overboard a little, the effect was so eye-catching, I gained too much attention."


 He looked around, hoping someone would step up and take the attention away from him.


 As the green light entered his aperture, his cultivation level rose.


 "Oh! A famed poem has appeared, let me go read it." At the teahouse, Hua Song had a sensation.


 After reading Li Xiao Bai’s work, Hua Song nodded in satisfaction: "Brilliant, brilliant! This Li Xiao Bai is very young but his poems are very mature."


 "Normally, spring poems would use verses involving greenery or peach blossoms. But this poem uses another train of thought, using the night scene to conceal the spring light, it is quite interesting."


 "The final verse must be created using Li Xiao Bai’s personal experiences. It has a refreshing, happy, and lively feeling."


 "Poems take after the creator, this Li Xiao Bai has a superb mindset!"


 Hua Song praised it for a while, as if he had just eaten a delicacy of the world. He looked at An Chong as he smiled: "I wonder what envoy thinks of this poem?"


 An Chong felt a headache as he thought: "If you didn’t tell me, I wouldn’t know what’s so good about this poem. Sigh, he wants me to critique it, what should I say?"


 [1] Poem by Liu Fangping.



***
Chapter 1977 Li Xiao Bais Inner Conflic


***





 



 Li Xiao Bai’s expectations were not disappointed.


 After his recital, three more people stepped up.


 One was a strong man wearing a golden mask, he was shining in a glaring golden light.


 There was an old man wearing a cone hat, he was holding a cane as a green light moved around him.


 There was also a woman, she had a slim body and wore a pink dress, her face was covered by a veil, after her recital, butterflies flew around her, it was a beautiful sight.


 These three had created famed poems on the same level as Li Xiao Bai’s moonlit night.


 Li Xiao Bai let out a sigh of relief: "This world has Gu worms to assist with poem creation. Gu Masters are also able to extend their lifespan and gain more experience in life. Thus, famed poems are more likely to appear than on Earth."


 On Earth, moonlit night was a rare creation. But in Profound Literature grotto-heaven, it would not be unmatched.


 Including Li Xiao Bai, the four of them had their own territory as they looked at each other.


 The strong man, old man, and woman placed their gazes on Li Xiao Bai.


 They knew each other, they had some sort of understanding towards their works, but Li Xiao Bai was a newcomer.


 "Who is this young man?"


 "His talent qi is not dense, how can he create such a famed poem?"


 "Hehe, interesting guy."


 Li Xiao Bai’s teacher, Teacher Jiang, also saw his student’s performance. He nodded in satisfaction: "Very good, Li Xiao Bai, it seems you are performing well today. Continue working hard."


 In the end, no accidents happened, Li Xiao Bai moved to the next round and was teleported away.


 After he regained his senses, he arrived in another arena.


 "This is the fifth round, scholars, please wait patiently." Li Xiao Bai heard a voice in his mind.


 Li Xiao Bai understood at once: "So the advancement has differences as well. The poem I made is enough to pass three rounds and directly reach the fifth round."


 "This is quite a logical rule."


 "But this means that the Gu Masters who reached this round are all people who created famed poems. Only half of these people can pass, the pressure has intensified now."


 Li Xiao Bai looked around, he found two familiar faces.


 It was the strong man and the woman from earlier.


 After noticing Li Xiao Bai’s gaze, the woman nodded at him, she seemed to be smiling under the veil. Meanwhile, the strong man had an air of arrogance, after giving Li Xiao Bai a glance, he started to shut his eyes and meditate.


 In the fifth round, there was only the three of them now.


 "I wonder which round that old man went to."


 "I should pretend to rest now."


 When scholars made poems, they had to think with all their effort, but he only had to select a suitable poem for his use. This was too easy, he had to conceal the fact.


 After waiting for several minutes in the fifth round arena, the second competition began.


 He had more than twenty competitors, Li Xiao Bai felt a certain level of pressure in his heart.


 The theme of the second competition was out — Travel, the time limit was the same as before.


 "Travel? This question is the same as spring, it is so broad and easy to write, but creating a famed poem will be very hard!" The strong man sighed to himself.


 The woman was thinking: "I am not well versed in this, what should I do?"


 Li Xiao Bai was also contemplating: "Which poem do I copy?"


 After thinking for a while, he felt that he could not use a classic poem, the effect would be too overwhelming, but he could not use a bad poem. Otherwise, he would fail to advance and be kicked back to the previous round.


 Li Xiao Bai was a little troubled, it was not easy to gauge this situation.


 He knew his own ability, but he did not know about others, he did not know what sort of poem to use to win but not gain too much attention.


 "In the first round, I went overboard. I should not try for first place now." Li Xiao Bai told himself.


 He waited patiently.


 After a few minutes, some scholars already created their poems. After that, a few more started to recite their poems, colorful lights appeared.


 Li Xiao Bai sighed to himself, thinking: "It seems that famed poems are not easy to create, these people did well in the first round but currently, they are only performing at an average level."


 Li Xiao Bai soon had an idea of the situation but he did not start working, he was still waiting.


 As the time limit was about to be up, he finally saw some famed poems.


 One from the strong man.


 He recited a poem with great battle intent, resembling the march of horses and spears, his entire body was flickering with golden light, one could hear the clash of spears and blades.


 The second famed poem came from the woman.


 She created a gentle poem, describing a young lady looking outside her room’s window, listening to the stories of travelers outside, imagining her own travel journey, it was quite impressive.


 "Alright, it is my turn now." Li Xiao Bai coughed as he recited:


 Date flowers fall on the villagers’ clothes,


 The sound of reeling carts heard from every household,


 Old men dressed in simple clothes sell cucumbers under the willow tree.


 Feeling drunk and drowsy from the long journey,


 The bright sun makes my throat dry, I thirst for a refreshing drink,


 I knock on the door of a mortal house, hoping to request for some tea.


 He had copied Su Shi’s Silk-washing Stream.


 After the recital, be it the strong man or the woman, they were evidently moved as they analyzed the poem.


 "Good poem! This poem starts with description of the scenery and actions at the back, with the fusion of both, one can feel interested in the event."


 "Even though he is writing about a scenery, he uses his voice to create an image, compared to normal descriptions, this is very vivid. The emotional part is also very interesting. This kid might be a Gu Master but he is very polite and courteous, he does not barge into a mortal’s house, he is truly a gentleman and has incomparable elegance."


 "Reading his poem shows his nature. This young scholar is really promising!"


 The surrounding scholars looked at Li Xiao Bai with a different gaze now.


 Li Xiao Bai let out a breath of air, pretending that he was extremely exhausted.


 "After this round, I should be able to advance. Not just that, my performance was really good, I did not gain too much attention but I also did not show inability."


 Li Xiao Bai was quite satisfied with himself, after waiting for a while, the time limit was up.


 He became stunned.


 Most scholars failed to create a poem.


 "This is the world poetry competition, I need to display my best abilities. If I use any inferior work, it will be too shameful."


 "I did my best but could not create a satisfactory poem, even if I fail, I will not regret it!"


 "This trip was worth my time, I got to hear three famed poems."


 "Haha, in the worst case scenario, I might fall to the first round, so what? Goodbye!"


 Those scholars that did not create a poem left in a carefree manner, while those scholars who made inferior poems showed shameful expressions.


 Li Xiao Bai was calm on the outside but internally flummoxed: "How can you guys act so graciously?"


 Even though he advanced, he had gained too much attention again. Earlier, he was quite satisfied with the situation, but to think these scholars would be so useless.


 "Hmph, I had overestimated them." Li Xiao Bai thought.


 There was nothing to say, he successfully advanced to the ninth round.


 After patiently waiting for a while, the people gathered. This time, there was less than ten of them.


 Many of them were famous scholars, they knew each other and greeted politely, they were calm and elegant on the outside, but were all feeling nervous internally.


 At this point, the pressure of these competitors intensified again.


 "I need to be stable, I cannot create a commotion again!" Li Xiao Bai clenched his fists, he kept reminding himself.


 But this time, his opponents all performed well, more than half of the Gu Masters created famed poems.


 Li Xiao Bai was the last one left.


 Li Xiao Bai had a nervous expression but he was calm internally, he recited the poem that he had already prepared in advance.


 With some flickering light, his cultivation level rose to rank four, he gained a new Gu worm.


 This time, he planned meticulously, the poem he created was just borderline in the middle, he managed to advance successfully but he was at the bottom of the batch.


 Right when Li Xiao Bai was feeling happy.


 Cough!


 Someone coughed out a mouthful of blood.


 Ugh.


 Someone fainted on the ground.


 The strong man shook as he sat down with difficulty. The woman coughed for a long time with a pale expression.


 Only Li Xiao Bai was left standing on the spot, unaffected.


 At once, everyone’s gazes were on him again.


 "This young man is very strong! Currently speaking, he has already created three famed poems."


 "He did not get injured at all, it seems that he had not gone all out when he made his poem earlier."


 "Impressive! After this competition, I need to befriend him!"


 Li Xiao Bai: "..."


 He was speechless.


 Oh heavens, why did everyone overexert themselves?!


 Wasn’t it just a poem competition, why were they risking their lives?


 He wanted to pretend to cough blood too but it was too late now, he could not disguise himself anymore.


 Li Xiao Bai had to continue moving to the next round with a plain expression.



***
Chapter 1978 Human Path, Changing Luck


***





 



 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan stood under the thousand wish tree, looking up only to see a blazing light in the sky, there were specks and lumps, fading and flickering, it was truly a dazzling sight.


 Looking at the ground, sand and dust rumbled as wind was blowing wildly.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flickered with cold light.


 His heaven path dao marks were increasing in number!


 He had originally gained three thousand or so dao marks from the Gu refinement, but now, he was approaching three thousand five hundred dao marks.


 With the increase in heaven path dao marks, the number of other dao marks in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture was reducing in number.


 This scene reminded Fang Yuan of his time in Crazed Demon Cave.


 At the second lowest floor of Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan saw the development of worlds. Countless worlds were destroyed as heaven path dao marks formed. The heaven path dao marks interlinked with each other or spread out themselves, forming new worlds.


 At this moment, even though the sovereign immortal aperture was not destroyed and turned into heaven path dao marks, they were still modifying the various dao marks within this immortal aperture.


 Of course, the heaven path dao marks were not just increasing. Sometimes, they fell in numbers, one heaven path dao mark turned into many dao marks of other paths, spreading throughout the world.


 Using the transformation of these dao marks, in accordance with the Heavenly Dao, the environment of the entire sovereign immortal aperture was modified.


 Like the scene that Fang Yuan was observing now, light was appearing in the sky, it meant that light path dao marks were increasing in numbers. There was also wind and rumbling sand on the ground, it meant that wind path and earth path dao marks were also increasing in numbers.


 "If this goes on for a long time, the surroundings of the thousand wish tree would turn into a barren desert." The trend was too obvious, Fang Yuan smiled coldly to himself.


 He had originally thought that the thousand wish tree was meant to be planted in a desert, but now, even though he was not wrong, his understanding was distorted.


 The thousand wish tree was a human path ancient desolate plant, it used human will to create fruits. It was most suited to be grown in a bustling environment like a large city or market filled with people, the more human will the better.


 However, the Heavenly Dao did not want the thousand wish tree to grow properly, it changed the heaven path dao marks to create a blazing sun and a vast area of sand, to isolate it from the living people.


 In order to survive, the thousand wish tree had to change its own traits to adapt to this difficult environment and live.


 But now that it was placed in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, the immortal formation created its own desert environment for it to slowly adapt and change, it would not be destroyed because of an unsuitable environment.


 But outside the immortal formation was a fertile land with lush greenery and warm sunlight.


 The immortal formation was not isolated, the thousand wish tree’s human path aura could be sensed by the Heavenly Dao. But these heaven path dao marks were not under Fang Yuan’s control, they could not change according to the environment within the immortal formation, they modified the environment outside the formation to stop the thousand wish tree’s growth.


 Thus, Fang Yuan learned about some things.


 "The thousand wish tree will finish growing in three hundred years, flower at its six hundredth year and bear fruit at the nine hundredth year. It will create exactly a thousand fruits at that time."


 "This is something that everyone knows as a fact, but now it seems, this is not true."


 "The thousand wish tree is restricted by the Heavenly Dao, its actual potential is much larger!"


 "From now on, I will water it with human will, I will gradually change its habitat, its production will definitely rise greatly!"


 This was a future plan, Fang Yuan came to the thousand wish tree today for another matter.


 At his will, Cooking Luck Pot revealed itself above him.


 Rank seven Cooking Luck Pot was large as a basin, it was shining in golden and white light, sacred and royal.


 The pot had thick sides, about the thickness of a thumb, there were eight dragons at the base of the pot, coiling around each other and extending their claws to become the legs of this pot. At the top of the pot, one could see Fang Yuan’s exposed luck, it looked grey and damaged.


 Even though Cooking Luck Pot was only rank seven, unable to contain all of Fang Yuan’s luck in this one pot, it was still possible to observe something from it.


 Fang Yuan’s colossal luck was almost fully consumed in the fate war, after the fight, his luck became very low. This was his third hidden threat, aside from the qi tide and heaven path dao marks.


 Fate was constant while luck was variable.


 When one’s luck was poor, it meant that unfavorable developments might happen.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s main body had immense battle strength that was pseudo venerable level, no matter how bad his luck was, he had the power to resist problems.


 This was not a big issue for the main body, but he was worried about the luck of his clones.


 Outside of Cooking Luck Pot were the luck of his respective clones.


 The time path clone’s luck still resembled the River of Time, but the water was no longer flowing smoothly, it was chaotic and the front of the river was cut off, it looked quite worrying.


 Zhan Bu Du’s luck was originally a mature eagle spreading its wings and flying, but now the eagle had fallen into water, it was covered by flowing water that made things difficult for him.


 Li Xiao Bai’s luck was like a bright blooming flower. The flower was bright red and burning intensely in a red color. Within the flame, the petals bloomed, it might look like good luck but the hidden threat was huge. He was basically playing with fire, he would die if he could not control the flames.


 Wu Shuai’s luck was like a coiling dragon, three of its dragon claws were holding onto a dragon pearl each. One had the silhouette of Dragon Palace, one had countless ants in it, while the third pearl had the image of Di Zang Sheng. Wu Shuai had the strongest luck among them, but he was surrounded by blade and sword qi, approaching from all directions.


 Fang Yuan’s main body had poor luck, his clones were in even worse states.


 Fang Yuan had sensed his clones’ problem long ago, it was not that he did not try to resolve it but his methods failed.


 The heaven path dao marks restricted him, whenever he tried to use a killer move, they would interfere and cause his killer move activation to fail. Even if he succeeded, the power of the move would be greatly lowered.


 "But this time, it should be different." Bright light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Fang Yuan multitasked, manipulating the formation around the thousand wish tree while also activating Cooking Luck Pot.


 The thousand wish tree’s branches continued to shake, bright rainbow light shot out of the formation, entering Cooking Luck Pot.


 Cooking Luck Pot started to modify the luck of his clones.


 The surrounding world started to rage with intense winds and fierce lightning. Heaven path dao marks appeared one by one, some were all over the place while others appeared on Fang Yuan’s body.


 The way of heaven was to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits.


 The way of humans was to take away deficits while magnifying surpluses!


 With the help of the human path immortal formation, Fang Yuan forcefully made modifications of certain degrees to the luck of his clones.


 The time path clone’s river luck stabilized and became smoother.


 Zhan Bu Du’s eagle luck started to shed its feathers in the water, it seemed like it was turning into a fish, adapting to the environment.


 Li Xiao Bai’s flower luck started to crystallize under the intense flames, it no longer had a threat of turning to ashes.


 Meanwhile, Wu Shuai’s dragon luck still remained in a coiling state, there was no change to the luck. The surrounding blade and sword qi, however, became much weaker, turning from dense smoke to light smoke. This meant that there would still be a fight but the scale of the battle would be much smaller than before.


 "The problem of the clones is settled. The truly troublesome thing is the heaven path dao marks." Fang Yuan could increasingly understand the deeper intentions of Red Lotus as time passed.



***
Chapter 1979 Merman Courts Vicious Gues


***





 



 Eastern Sea, Merman Imperial Court.


 The sound of instruments was complemented with delicious wine and food.


 At the grand banquet, the three female immortals leading the Merman Imperial Court sat on the main seats as they entertained an unexpected guest.


 "Good wine, good music, and even better dance!" The guest drank his wine in one gulp as he slammed the cup on the table, laughing loudly.


 He had a square face, he was muscular and strong, his skin was snow white, his eyes and hair were icy blue in color.


 Rank eight aura permeated from his body.


 He was a snowman Gu Immortal from black heaven’s Ice Crystal grotto-heaven, it was the current generation Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 Ever since the last meeting of the black heaven forces, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord secretly contacted Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, while Lady Cold Ash contacted the human experts like Granny Skeleton. Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch did not stay motionless, his target was not white heaven or black heaven, but the five regions instead. Thus, he went to Eastern Sea and approached the merman force.


 Eastern Sea’s merman force had three leaders, they were all mermaid immortals, they were called Lian Ke Xin, Yu Zi, and Xie Ning Si.


 Even though this was the first time the three female immortals were seeing Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, seeing that he was a variant human rank eight Gu Immortal, they held this banquet to welcome him.


 Upon hearing Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s praise, Lian Ke Xin smiled and replied: "Thank you for the praise. These dancing Gu Masters all are the hope of our merman tribe, our Gu Immortal seeds. It is their honor to be praised by you, Immortal Monarch."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch laughed again: "Pardon my insolence, but if these merfolk are the hope of your tribe, I’m afraid you are going to be wiped from existence soon."


 These words made many of the merfolk’s expressions change.


 The dancing merfolk even became disorganized for a moment.


 Lian Ke Xin remained smiling: "We already understand your intention in coming here. We are not going to be provoked by your words. For countless years, mermen have lived in Eastern Sea peacefully and harmoniously, we have been neutral all along, we will not participate in any conflict outside."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch shook his head: "Preposterous! Who does not want to live in peace? But in history, such peace can only be gained through conflict and war. The merman race received the help of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable back then, that is why you could live like this until now. In the entire five regions, only you are still a super force among the variant humans."


 "But we have all seen the fate war already. Fate has been destroyed, the five regions have merged, the world is changing right in front of our very eyes. With disasters and calamities, conflict will ensue and last for a long time."


 "Your Merman Imperial Court wants to stay out of this? Hehehe, how long has it been since Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable died? How much influence does he still have to protect you?"


 Lian Ke Xin had a grim expression, she could not rebuke him.


 Yu Zi snorted coldly beside her: "We have more than ten Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu House Floating Reputation Boat, how is it completely Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s credit that we are able to develop to today’s scale?"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch nodded: "I have heard of your Floating Reputation Boat long ago, but so what? It is just a rank seven Immortal Gu House. You have many Gu Immortals, but do you have a single rank eight Gu Immortal? Not a single one! Hehehe, forget about everything else, if I want to attack you now, can anyone stop me?"


 The three mermaids had cold expressions, Xie Ning Si said: "Immortal Monarch, if you want to fight, you can attack now, we will show you the power of our merman race!"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch quickly waved his hand: "Don’t misunderstand, I am not trying to become enemies with you. We are all variant humans, in the current world where humans dominate, I want us to cooperate. Variant humans are friends, not enemies. I am here to seek an alliance, how can I possibly fight you?"


 "I understand why you do not want to cooperate. But think about this, as long as I spread the word that the three of you have invited me here and show signs of wanting to join up with black heaven’s variant human forces to resist the humans, what will happen? Hehe."


 The three mermaids looked at each other, they all had grim expressions.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch spoke gently but he had a tough tone, it was a forceful cooperation. If they rejected him, he would spread rumors and lie that the merfolk want to join him.


 At this time, the fate war was known to everyone.


 The things that Duke Long said to Fang Yuan exposed to the world that variant humans were going to rise up!


 Once this news was spread out regarding the Merman Imperial Court and the variant humans, it would raise the paranoia of the humans, they would become a public enemy.


 By then, with the usual behavior of humans, they would form into an allied army and eliminate the Merman Imperial Court first!


 The human forces had been wanting to take down the Merman Imperial Court long ago, they were only restricted by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s influence. If the mermen wanted to harm the humans, regardless of whether anyone believed this lie, they would use it to deal with the Merman Imperial Court.


 The Merman Imperial Court would be forced to resist, they would only be able to survive if they worked with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch or other equally powerful alliances.


 Thus, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s objective had already been fulfilled.


 The three mermaids were troubled, they knew about the trend of the world, they were actively choosing Gu Immortal seeds and nurturing them.


 They were mermen, they were variant humans, this status placed them in an awkward spot all along throughout the eras. During the five regions chaotic war, they would be in an even worse position when everyone was paranoid.


 Thus, the merman tribe felt a strong sense of danger.


 The three mermaids did not have much ambition, they only wanted to preserve their members during this new era. Thus, they did not want to antagonize Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, but they did not want to side with this ambitious leader and wage war on the humans either.


 Seeing that the mermaids were silent, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch smiled again: "How about this, we are all variant humans, I do not want to force you. Let’s make a bet."


 The three mermaids looked at each other, Yu Zi asked: "What bet?"


 "We will have a three round competition, no matter what methods your tribe uses, as long as you can defeat me in one round, I will forget about the suggestion to make an alliance, I will leave without exposing anything about your tribe or spreading any rumors. But if I win all three rounds, it will mean that your merman tribe is just too weak, unable to even defeat a rank eight Gu Immortal like me, you will be in great danger anyway, you should work with me to ensure that your tribe survives the tides of time." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch said slowly.


 The three mermaids had no choice, they nodded and agreed to this bet.


 In the first round, the three mermaids went all out, gathering the Gu Immortals of the tribe and creating the battle formation, merman wave sacred spiritual formation.


 "Good formation, it can actually trap enemies." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch took a look and praised it.


 "Immortal Monarch, do you dare to enter?"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch laughed loudly, he went into the formation and attacked several times, the tides turned into ice and shattered, allowing him to escape easily.


 The merman Gu Immortals suffered backlash, they were either lightly or heavily injured, they all had grim expressions.


 "It is a pity you do not have any rank eight expert controlling the formation." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch critiqued.


 During the second round, the Merman Imperial Court used their Immortal Gu House Floating Reputation Boat.


 After a hundred rounds of fighting, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch claimed victory again.


 The three female mermen went into anxious discussions.


 "Only the third round is left, what do we do?"


 "If we lose again, we will need to cooperate with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, what do we do?"


 "Why don’t we use that?" Xie Ning Si suggested.


 Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi were stunned, they shook their heads: "No, we cannot use that, the influence is too large. Even without Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s rumor, we will become the target of everyone, our tribe will be exterminated!"


 "If we do not use that, what will we do? Do we request help from Eastern Sea’s human forces?"


 "No, we are all affected by the qi tides now, why would those humans come here to help us? Even if they come, the price will be too large."


 "Oh? I thought of someone. Why don’t we ask Gu tribe’s leader for help?" Xie Ning Si asked.


 Lian Ke Xin sighed, denying this possibility: "He is Gu tribe’s leader, even though he has rank eight cultivation level, he is a beastman that is in seclusion. We have a good relationship with him but if we ask him for help, that will be making things difficult for him. Furthermore, he might not defeat this Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch."


 Yu Zi’s eyes suddenly brightened: "I thought of someone, this person might be able to help us, he might even win against Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch."


 "Who?"


 "Indeed, at this point in time, who can help us?"


 Yu Zi blinked as she said: "Did you forget, there is currently a great expert at Gu tribe’s headquarters."


 "Oh, him." Lian Ke Xin suddenly realized.


 "Brilliant, I will contact Gu tribe’s leader now, we will ask Lord Wu Shuai for help!" Xie Ning Si said that as she rapidly got to action.



***
Chapter 1980 Admitting Defea


***





 



 Eastern Sea, Gu tribe’s blessed land.


 A grand palace was stationed here.


 The whole palace shined with slight orange-gold light and was richly decorated, the pavilions and terraces were all grand and beautiful. It was the rank eight Immortal Gu House — Dragon Palace.


 Within Dragon Palace, dream realms were spread out. In other Immortal Gu Houses, nobody would dare to do this. But although Dragon Palace was an enslavement path Immortal Gu House, it had dream path Immortal Gu and was not at risk of the dream realm corroding it.


 In front of the dream realm, Fang Yuan’s clone, Wu Shuai, had his eyes shut.


 His body was here, but his soul was inside the dream realm, continuously exploring it.


 Within the dream realm, Wu Shuai was the disciple of a medical clinic, he was trying to learn their skill.


 A young man with broad shoulders and a thin waist stepped into the clinic with a valiant aura.


 The young man had quite the status, the old doctor who owned the clinic had to attend to him personally.


 "Doctor, ever since I won the fight last time, I have been feeling that my body has some lingering issues." The young man said.


 The old doctor chuckled: "Come, I will check your pulse."


 "Check my pulse?" The young man frowned, having a perplexed expression.


 The old doctor said slowly: "This is a unique investigative method from my hometown, it can inspect illnesses. As a person’s heart continues to beat, their blood will flow through their veins and create pulses. Through my specially created healing Gu worm, I can inspect your pulse and find out the cause of your illness."


 The young man had a surge of admiration: "Worthy of an experienced doctor. I’ve heard that heaven has heaven veins, earth has earth veins, and humans have human veins. Does this method to inspect the pulse make use of a human vein to target the cause of the problem?"


 "Hahaha, that is precisely so, extend your hand." The old doctor smiled.


 The young man extended his hand, the old doctor placed his finger on his wrist, closing his eyes to inspect it.


 A moment later, the old doctor opened his eyes: "This is indeed an illness but it is not obvious on the outside, this is quite vicious. You were hit by a phantom path method."


 The young man nodded: "Senior is completely right, my opponent was a Gu Master specializing in phantom path. I was hit by his attack and although I did not suffer injuries, it still felt weird. Usually at night, I could undergo activities with more than ten of my concubines, but now, I get extremely tired after engaging with one. Also, my waist often aches and my body feels hot, I perspire a lot when I sleep, I even feel dizziness at times."


 The old doctor nodded: "This phantom path method is quite wicked, it targets your kidney. In other words, you have kidney deficiency[1]."


 "Phantom path is troublesome indeed, what should I do now?" The young man asked.


 The old doctor replied: "I will prescribe you some medicine, take it for a month, during this month, you should not engage in bedroom activities."


 The young man had a difficult expression: "Senior, can you use Gu worms to heal me directly? If I have to hold it for a month, I’ll go crazy."


 The old doctor shook his head: "Phantom path methods alternate between reality and illusion, we need ample time to deal with it. Even though my medicine is not a healing Gu worm, it is not far from an actual Gu recipe, it can definitely treat your problem. Other than this method, it will be hard to cure you. Unless you can find a doctor who has greater skill than me, he might be able to resolve your issue."


 The young man sighed: "Senior is the greatest healer I know, I will follow your prescription."


 The dream faded away, the exploration was successful.


 "Human vein..." Wu Shuai’s soul returned to his body, he was still savoring the true meaning in this dream.


 This dream realm gave him the true meaning of two paths, phantom path and human path.


 Fang Yuan’s human path attainment level was at grandmaster but phantom path was only at ordinary. His main body still had the corpses of many Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, they had phantom apertures. But earlier, his phantom path attainment level was too low, even with wisdom Gu, he could not deduce the profundity of phantom path.


 After the fate war, all of the dream realms were given to Wu Shuai to explore.


 These dreams were all obtained from Yi Tian Mountain by Fang Yuan, even though a portion were used in the fate war, a large amount was still left.


 After Wu Shuai left Heavenly Court, he returned to Eastern Sea and stayed in Gu tribe’s blessed land. Other than opening his immortal aperture’s entrance to draw in heaven and earth qi, he kept in closed cultivation, exploring dream realms to gain more true meaning, to raise the attainment levels of his main body’s many paths.


 "Currently, my main body needs human path attainment level. After this exploration, even though we did not gain much human path attainment level and are still at grandmaster, it should be of some help to my main body."


 Wu Shuai started to rest, preparing for his next dream realm exploration.


 "Hmm?" He saw that there was an information path mortal Gu from Gu tribe’s leader in the hall.


 "Gu tribe’s leader would not bother me with trivial matters, something important must have happened." Wu Shuai retrieved the information path mortal Gu and checked it.


 "Oh, a rank eight snowman Gu Immortal called Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch is finding problems with the Merman Imperial Court?"


 In the letter, the three mermaids promised that as long as Wu Shuai taught this evil visitor a lesson and forced him away, they would thank him with rewards. Gu tribe’s leader also used a polite tone to subtly request for Wu Shuai’s help.


 "Of course I will help." Wu Shuai smiled lightly.


 He had a portion of Fang Yuan’s five hundred years of memories.


 Wu Shuai learned that in the previous life, when the regional walls vanished and the five regions united, there were qi tides too.


 The five regions’ Gu Immortals were forced to recuperate, during this period, the forces in the two heavens came out and acted arrogantly for some time.


 "To think that I would have a chance to interact with these grotto-heaven forces. This is a great opportunity! For my main body’s plans, I should do my best."


 Bam.


 The door of Dragon Palace opened, Wu Shuai came out of his closed cultivation.


 At the banquet, the fragrance of wine spread but the atmosphere was very grim.


 The three mermaids had cold expressions while Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch smiled at them.


 The song and dance had ended, the hall was silent.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch drank a mouthful of wine as he asked: "I wonder if you have already decided on who to send for the final round?"


 The three mermaids’ expressions turned darker but at this time, they received a letter, their faces glowed with joy.


 Xie Ning Si said: "Since Immortal Monarch is eager, let’s start the third fight."


 "Good." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch placed down his wine cup: "How will we do this final fight, do tell me."


 "We have invited someone to go against Immortal Monarch." Lian Ke Xin said.


 "This lord has arrived already, prepare yourself, Immortal Monarch!" Yu Zi smiled coldly.


 After a few breaths of time, following the mermaid immortals, Wu Shuai stepped into the hall.


 "Who wants to fight me?" Wu Shuai asked, his voice reverberating in the hall.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch saw Wu Shuai and his expression changed, his casual and carefree attitude was no more, he said in shock: "You?"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had gained a lot of information about the fate war, Wu Shuai was one of the stars that shined, everyone in the world knew about him now.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch understood at once why the three mermaids had such confidence.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s heart sank, he knew about Wu Shuai’s strength, there was little hope in beating him.


 But in this situation, he had no choice but to ask: "Greetings, Wu Shuai, to think that you are in the Merman Imperial Court. I wonder where Fang Yuan is?"


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly: "I gained Fang Yuan’s help to revive, we were merely working together to resist Heavenly Court earlier. You are my opponent? Go ahead and attack."


 Wu Shuai had a lofty expression, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was angry, his expression turned cold: "Wu Shuai, you have rank seven cultivation level, but your tone is very arrogant."


 Wu Shuai smiled: "Whose tone is more arrogant? In terms of seniority, I am someone from Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s era! When I died of old age, your grandfather was not even born yet."


 "You..." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch stared with wide eyes.


 "What? You came to look for problems with the mermen, let’s not waste time." Wu Shuai stared: "Not attacking? Then I will make my move!"


 Saying so, he waved his hand, an Immortal Gu House flew out.


 "Dragon Palace!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s pupils shrunk, he watched as the Immortal Gu House came crashing towards him.


 He was not a transformation path great expert, he could not resist this famous Immortal Gu House head-on, he quickly dodged.


 The three mermaids did not expect Wu Shuai to act so quickly, he attacked with no warning.


 Xie Ning Si quickly urged: "Senior Wu Shuai, this is the merman hall, if you are going to fight, it would be better to do it outside..."


 Boom!


 Dragon Palace expanded again, the entire merman hall was blown apart.


 As dust clouds rumbled, the mermaids and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch flew out pitifully.


 Dragon Palace rose to the sky as Wu Shuai stood at the door, looking down at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch: "Don’t run, little fellow."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s heart was pounding from the sudden assault, his throat felt dry: "Wu Shuai, you are a senior! Don’t rely on the power of the Immortal Gu House if you have guts."


 "Oh, is that so?" Wu Shuai snickered.


 The three mermaids felt something amiss, Yu Zi quickly shouted: "Senior Wu Shuai! These are the headquarters of merfolk, if you are going to fight, please do it outside..."


 Before she ended her sentence, with a loud sound, Di Zang Sheng was released from Dragon Palace by Wu Shuai.


 Roar——!


 The Evil Dragon roared, creating colossal waves. Its body was like a huge mountain, squeezed within the blessed land. Its dragon tail waved as several mountains and valleys were flattened.


 Countless merfolk scrambled and ran away, screaming in chaos.


 The three mermaids were stunned, they did not know what to do.


 "Come, fight." Wu Shuai crossed his arms as he said to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch with a plain tone.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch looked at the grand palace and the huge vicious Evil Dragon, he felt that he was very insignificant.


 Even as a snowman who was extremely resistant to cold, at this moment, he felt a deep chill flowing down his spine.


 After being quiet for some time, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch cupped his fists and said: "Senior, you are very powerful, junior admits defeat. Senior has won this battle."


 The three mermaids were silent.


 Wu Shuai only had rank seven cultivation level now, but nobody felt strange that Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was admitting defeat to him.


 Even without Dragon Palace, just the Evil Dragon alone could slaughter Heavenly Court’s two transformation path experts and survive the attack of countless Gu Immortals.


 During the fate war, Di Zang Sheng had only lost to Feng Jiu Ge and Duke Long!


 "Hmph, little fellow, you are quite smart." Wu Shuai chuckled as he stored away Di Zang Sheng and Dragon Palace.


 "Next, let’s talk about the alliance." Wu Shuai descended and said this.


 "Senior Wu Shuai!" The three mermaids were shocked.


 "What? You still think you can isolate yourselves from everything?" Wu Shuai’s eyebrows were raised, he spoke in displeasure.


 The three immortals did not dare to rebuke him.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was overjoyed, to think that there would be a turn of events, he stammered: "Se... senior, you mean to say?"


 Wu Shuai patted his shoulder: "Come, let’s talk in the hall."


 [1] The character for deficiency here is the same as phantom.



***
Chapter 1981 I Will Be The Alliance Leader!


***





 



 Because of Wu Shuai’s interference, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had to admit defeat. He had originally thought that his plan to ally with the mermen had failed, but to think that Wu Shuai had the same intention as him.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the Merman Imperial Court made a bet, the loser won while the winner lost.


 After the battle, Wu Shuai used the Merman Imperial Court to hold a talk with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, their discussion got more animated, the three mermaids’ expressions turned grimmer.


 Wu Shuai heard that Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had already gathered the grotto-heavens for a meeting, he immediately requested to join them and even urged Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch to gather the remaining forces for a second meeting.


 In Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s plan, the second meeting was going to happen much later, but Wu Shuai was urging him, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch thought: "With Wu Shuai’s reputation, I can use it to my advantage, it is possible to push the meeting forward without issues."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch knew that even if they gathered the grotto-heaven forces in black and white heaven, there would still be a huge internal threat. Among these forces, there was a small group of human forces.


 He wanted variant humans to lead the alliance, thus, he had been looking for allies aggressively during this period. He had already contacted all of the variant human forces that he knew. Even the Merman Imperial Court in Eastern Sea was visited after all.


 If he knew that Gu tribe was at the bottom of the sea, he would visit them too.


 "But with this dragonman great expert Wu Shuai that everyone knows, even if the human faction gathers more people, they cannot match his influence, right?"


 Wu Shuai attacked Heavenly Court as a dragonman and ended up as the victor, this result gave him huge prestige and reputation.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch thus held the second meeting in Ice Crystal grotto-heaven, the group was even bigger now.


 "Golden Fur Immortal Monarch has arrived!"


 "Blitz Cloud Heavenly Immortal has arrived!"


 "Great Wisdom Immortal Mother has arrived!"


 "Green Forest Great Sage has arrived!"


 Many rank eight great experts of the variant humans came.


 Golden Fur Immortal Monarch was a hairy man, he was covered in thick golden fur. Blitz Cloud Heavenly Immortal was a featherman, he had the appearance of a handsome young man. Great Wisdom Immortal Mother was an old female inkman. Green Forest Great Sage was a miniman, his entire body was covered in a green light.


 This was the first time these four variant human Gu Immortals had attended the meeting.


 As for the human rank eight Gu Immortals, other than Night Heavenly Wolf Lord and Lady Cold Ash, there were also newcomers, light path cultivator Crossing Heaven Immortal Monarch, wood path cultivator Black Locust and earth path female immortal Rainbow Rock Immortal Concubine.


 There were only five human rank eights but almost ten variant human rank eights. Even though Lady Cold Ash tried to get more people to join, they were still unable to match the variant humans, in fact this gap was widening.


 After a long discussion, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch announced: "We invited everyone here today, other than to discuss the matters of the world, there is also another important matter. Let me introduce you to a senior great expert!"


 Everyone followed Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s hand gesture and looked towards the person.


 Wu Shuai walked out from behind the veil, under everyone’s supervision, he sat down on the main seat.


 "This is?" The immortals were shocked.


 "So it is Wu Shuai." A variant human rank eight who was close with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch quickly said.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch showed a look of displeasure: "Call him Senior Wu Shuai!"


 The variant human rank eight had an embarrassed expression, under Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s gaze, he changed his sentence: "Junior greets senior."


 With this adjustment, all the other immortals had to call Wu Shuai senior.


 "Good." Wu Shuai nodded in satisfaction: "Seniority is important, but I would rather everyone call me Alliance Leader instead!"


 "Alliance Leader?" The immortals looked at each other.


 Wu Shuai laughed: "Indeed, now that grotto-heavens are exposed, the five regions’ Gu Immortals will attack us. They have not done anything now because of the qi tide, they cannot move around yet. We need to strengthen and help ourselves, we can only form an alliance to have any hopes of resisting the five regions!"


 "Since ancient times, the most capable person will become the alliance leader. I have observed that nobody here can match me, if anyone does not agree, you can challenge me."


 Before anyone could respond to Wu Shuai’s words, they heard a dragon roar.


 Di Zang Sheng’s colossal body was exposed to everyone, blocking out the sun.


 Next, an Immortal Gu House flew out of Wu Shuai’s immortal aperture, it was small and delicate, it floated in his palm while shining with radiance.


 It was a miniature Dragon Palace!


 Wu Shuai looked at the Dragon Palace in his palm before turning to the immortals, threat was clearly shown in his eyes.


 The immortals’ expressions turned ugly, some went silent, they were furious but did not dare to say anything.


 Even though Wu Shuai had rank seven cultivation level, everyone knew about the might of Dragon Palace and Evil Dragon. If everyone cooperated, they might have a chance against him. But the grotto-heavens were not close with each other, this was unlike the five regions where super forces interacted and conflicted with each other, they were familiar with one another. The black and white heavens were huge and dangerous, forces rarely met with each other, not to mention any cooperation.


 "Hahaha!" Seeing no objection, Wu Shuai laughed loudly as he called out: "You are still not accepting your alliance leader?"


 The immortals were silent, the atmosphere was heavy.


 A moment later, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch stood up and cupped his fist at Wu Shuai: "Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch greets Alliance Leader!"


 "Good, good." Wu Shuai pointed at him: "You will be the vice alliance leader."


 Next, he looked at the other Gu Immortals with a vicious gaze.


 The Evil Dragon shook its body outside, causing winds to form and clouds to scatter.


 Seeing this, and with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s initiative, all the immortals had to acknowledge Wu Shuai’s status with a cold tone.


 Wu Shuai sat at the main seat and looked at the Gu Immortals: "I know what you think, your acknowledge my alliance leader position because of the situation, but I am really not trying to force you."


 "This is a very rare opportunity for us all, it is likely our only chance to resist the five regions. If we do not use this chance, when the five regions go after us and our grotto-heavens get encircled, regret will do us no good."


 "However, at the rate your discussion is going, when can you take action? By the time you come to an agreement, the qi tides will be over already. Without a strong leader like myself to unify the grotto-heavens, how can we take action swiftly?"


 Wu Shuai spoke with a harsh tone but he made good sense, the Gu Immortals’ expressions became less hostile.


 "Alright, enough of the useless talk, let’s discuss our next target to attack." Wu Shuai continued.


 This time, even Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch felt surprised: "Lord Alliance Leader, isn’t it too early to attack now? Black and white heaven are too huge, there are still many grotto-heaven forces that we have not gathered yet."


 "We can’t wait anymore. As long as we succeed in our attack and create a commotion, these people will approach us themselves. This is how the hearts of the people work." Wu Shuai waved his hand and said.


 The immortals fell into silence.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had to continue asking: "Then in Lord Alliance Leader’s opinion, which place is most suitable for us to attack?"


 "Heavenly Court of course!" Wu Shuai answered without hesitation.


 "Heavenly Court?!" The Gu Immortals shouted in astonishment.


 "Heavenly Court is weak now, we did not retreat of our own accord earlier. As long as we take down Heavenly Court, the five regions will be shaken, who would dare to target us?" Wu Shuai laughed loudly.


 "This is not wise!"


 "Heavenly Court has immense foundations, it is not a place we can target."


 "Lord Alliance Leader, please reconsider."


 The immortals shook their heads, nobody agreed.


 "Hmph, cowards!" Wu Shuai smiled coldly in displeasure: "Then we will go after Divine Emperor City."


 "This Immortal Gu House is known as the largest Immortal Gu House, it is made from combining Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City. It has a huge significance to Heavenly Court, it is the gathering spot of the human vein, it is the land-based Heavenly Court. If we can obtain it, it will be a huge blow to Central Continent, we can even gain a rank eight Immortal Gu House, and also Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s true inheritance."


 Lady Cold Ash pondered: "Since Divine Emperor City is so important, if we attack it, we will infuriate Heavenly Court, the whole of Central Continent will resist and attack us. Since we are going after them as well, what difference is there compared to attacking Heavenly Court directly?"


 "Of course there is a difference! If these people are all lured to Divine Emperor City, we can send another group to attack Heavenly Court." Wu Shuai raised his eyebrows.


 The immortals heard this and broke out in cold sweat.


 "He still wants to attack Heavenly Court after all."


 "Doesn’t this mean that the group attacking Divine Emperor City will end up as cannon fodder?"


 "Senior Wu Shuai is too aggressive, he wants to go against Heavenly Court no matter what!"


 Wu Shuai had a look of displeasure: "What? You do not dare to attack Divine Emperor City?"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had an ugly expression, he spoke like he had constipation: "Please reconsider, Lord Alliance Leader, we..."


 Wu Shuai waved his hand, saying unhappily: "Enough, I don’t want to hear more excuses. How about this, let’s get rid of Eastern Sea’s Xia clan first."


 Wu Shuai finally exposed his true motive.


 Southern Border had Xia clan, Eastern Sea also had Xia clan, these Xia clans were not the same but they were similarly super forces.


 Wu Shuai had a huge appetite, his first target was a super force.


 If he mentioned this earlier, he would face the objection of the immortals. But his first two targets were Heavenly Court and Divine Emperor City, the immortals found that compared to them, they could accept this target, Eastern Sea’s Xia clan, more easily!


 Wu Shuai continued to analyze: "Eastern Sea’s Xia clan has the weakest foundation of all the super forces, they are at the bottom of Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces. Not just that, Xia clan is at the eastern most part of Eastern Sea, the location is remote, it suits our needs as a base."


 "And even better, the territories of Xia clan and the Merman Imperial Court border each other, the Merman Imperial Court is our ally now, they can provide us a lot of help."


 Saying this, Wu Shuai did not give anyone the chance to speak: "I have decided! Our target will be Xia clan."


 Faced with such a domineering alliance leader, the immortals were quite displeased. But under the pressure of the Evil Dragon and Dragon Palace, they had no choice.


 And most importantly, they were forced by the situation, they knew that if they did not use this opportunity well, if they did not gain an advantage now, the five regions would not let them off in the future.


 "Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, this alliance leader position should have been yours. Are you really going to let him have it?" After this meeting, some Gu Immortals were not satisfied, they hinted towards Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch smiled coldly to himself, he replied: "The nail that sticks out gets hammered down, the winds howl around the highest peaks. This Lord Wu Shuai is helping us charge forward as the vanguard, so what if I give him the alliance leader position? We have now gained the help of both the Evil Dragon and Dragon Palace."


 "If our plan fails in the future and the five regions’ Gu Immortals come after us, we can put the blame on Wu Shuai and get away ourselves."



***
Chapter 1982 Xia Clans Catastrophe


***





 



 Eastern Sea.


 Reflecting shadow sea area.


 The surface of the sea was like a smooth mirror without waves. Even when winds howled, the seawater remained unmoving.


 Xia clan Gu Immortal Xia Zheng Qing was stationed here.


 Reflecting shadow sea area was a giant resource point, it produced dark path and rule path cultivation resources in large quantities. Even though Xia clan primarily cultivated water path, these resources could be traded for huge profits.


 Xia Zheng Qing was in closed cultivation now, suddenly, alarms rang in the formation around him.


 "Is there an ancient desolate fish attacking the territory again?" Xia Zheng Qing initially thought that the sea beasts were causing chaos, he flew out of the formation.


 But next, his entire body shook as he realized: "Enemies are attacking!"


 Three rank seven Gu Immortals charged towards him together.


 Xia Zheng Qing quickly activated the defensive formation.


 At this time, there was a loud explosion as the formation shattered, a hairy man Gu Immortal carrying a huge hammer was covered in golden light as he charged into the formation, causing destruction!


 Xia Zheng Qing spat out a mouthful of blood, looking fearful.


 He immediately realized that the three immortals earlier were a distraction, this person was their main force.


 "A rank eight hairy man Gu Immortal?" Xia Zheng Qing knew that he was not their match, he quickly transmitted to the clan as he activated the inner immortal formation, teleporting himself away.


 At the next moment, he was transported to somewhere a thousand li away from the formation.


 "Hahaha, he was transported here after all. Great Wisdom, very impressive." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch praised.


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother shook her head: "If not for Lord Alliance Leader’s precise information, how could I have made such accurate deductions?"


 Xia Zheng Qing took a look and felt despair!


 There were two variant human Gu Immortals here, they both had rank eight cultivation level.


 "Since when did rank eight Gu Immortals become so common?"


 "Three variant human rank eights!"


 Xia Zheng Qing could not believe it, he gritted his teeth: "Who are you people? Why are you going against our Eastern Sea’s Xia clan?"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch could not be bothered to talk with him, he waved his hand, his killer move was unleashed.


 Xia Zheng Qing only had rank seven cultivation level, how could he resist a rank eight killer move, he was instantly frozen in ice.


 Eastern Sea Xia clan’s headquarters, Hot Springs blessed land.


 "Oh no! A strong group of enemies attacked, reflecting shadow sea is lost, even though Xia Zheng Qing used the immortal formation to escape, we have lost all contact with him!"


 Xia Zheng Qing’s call for help had reached Xia clan.


 Most of Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were gathered in the headquarters, they did not expect such bad news to appear out of nowhere.


 "As the saying goes, while a person stays in their house, calamity descends from the sky!"


 "Xia Zheng Qing sent information that there are both human and variant human Gu Immortals among the enemies, among them is a rank eight hairy man."


 "Where did these people come from?"


 "I’m afraid they are forces from black and white heaven. During the qi tide rampage, grotto-heavens are all exposed. To think there are still so many variant humans left, they even came to create trouble for us!"


 "This is somewhat understandable. If they do not grasp onto this chance, when the qi tides subside, the five regions will investigate the grotto-heavens of black and white heaven. If we find any variant human force with rank eight Gu Immortals, we will exterminate them."


 "Hehe, back then, even Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not find all of the hidden variant human grotto-heavens. But now that the world has changed, these variant humans are forced to expose themselves."


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were not flustered, even though the information said that there was a rank eight variant human Gu Immortal, they still had an Immortal Gu Houses to resist the enemy.


 But soon, more bad news came.


 Light ripple sea and shooting fish sea were also taken down by these variant human Gu Immortals! The Xia clan Gu Immortals defending the two resource points were even weaker, they did not even manage to send any information over before losing contact.


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were furious.


 "We need to teach these variant human Gu Immortals a lesson!"


 "Mere variant humans dare to bully us human super forces."


 "Hmph, Whom the heavens would destroy, they first make mad. These variant humans have gone insane."


 "First supreme elder, let use mobilize both Immortal Gu Houses and kill them all!"


 "Yes, our clan’s three Gu Immortals have fallen into their hands. We need to save our clansmen and take revenge for this humiliation!!"


 The Gu Immortals were filled with fighting spirit, they requested to fight.


 Xia clan’s first supreme elder was Xia Rui Zhi, hearing the Gu Immortals’ words, his face was dark.


 He shook his head: "It is not wise to attack now! We lost three resource points at once, these are all important places, we have powerful immortal formations protecting them. It is not normal that we lost them so quickly."


 "Our clan does not have rank eight Gu Immortals defending us. If we mobilize both Immortal Gu Houses, our headquarters will be severely weakened. Right now, we are close to completing the Human Sea, we cannot be complacent!"


 "In my opinion, we should defend ourselves fully until we complete Human Sea. By then, our foundation will rise greatly, we will be one of the top Eastern Sea forces. By then, dealing with the variant humans will have much greater effect."


 Even though Xia Rui Zhi only had rank seven cultivation level, he had high reputation, after hearing his words, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals felt that it was logical, they no longer had such a strong desire to fight.


 But at the next moment, a thunderous sound erupted as an Immortal Gu House broke through the defensive barrier, entering Xia clan’s public blessed land.


 "Eastern Sea’s Xia clan, today, you will face extermination!" The door of the Immortal Gu House opened as Wu Shuai and the other grotto-heaven Gu Immortals appeared.


 Xia clan saw this group of enemies, fear and shock became plastered on their faces.


 "Dragon Palace!"


 "Wu Shuai!!"


 "So many variant human rank eights, oh heavens!"


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals turned pale, they were immensely fearful.


 But Wu Shuai did not give them time to accept reality, he waved his hand: "Attack!"


 Thus, at the next moment, the rank eights around him charged down and attacked.


 Seeing this terrifying scene, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals felt their vision turning dark, some almost fainted on the spot.


 Such a group completely overwhelmed and dominated Xia clan’s Gu Immortals.


 Xia clan did not have a single rank eight while Wu Shuai had more than ten, how could they fight?


 "My Xia clan’s blessed land is not Heavenly Court, why are there so many rank eight Gu Immortals attacking us?!" Xia Rui Zhi mumbled, facing such a strong foe, he felt despair.


 "The enemies are too strong, we must retreat!" At this time, female immortal Xia Ying shouted at the Xia clan immortals.


 Xia Rui Zhi shook as he gritted his teeth: "Go, we will leave, let’s get into the Immortal Gu Houses!"


 Xia clan had two Immortal Gu Houses, they were both rank seven.


 One was Whale Fishing Boat, the other was Golden Star Tower.


 "You want to leave? Not so easy!"


 "None of you will escape."


 The variant human Gu Immortals attacked quickly, unleashing a myriad of attacks, the explosions resounded heaven and earth.


 At the crucial moment, Xia Ying dodged an attack, managing to enter Golden Star Tower.


 But she did not escape, she steered Golden Star Tower and went in front: "Everyone, leave, I will block them!"


 Golden Star Tower charged relentlessly, using killer moves, golden stars shot out everywhere, the variant humans quickly dodged them.


 The remaining Xia clan Gu Immortals found the chance and went into Whale Fishing Boat, escaping their headquarters.



***
Chapter 1983 You Have A Problem With Me?


***





 



 "Even though these variant human Gu Immortals have rank eight cultivation level, their battle strength is not high. Only Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch is passable."


 "As for Eastern Sea’s Xia clan, even without a rank eight, they can rely on rank seven Immortal Gu Houses to put up a fight."


 Wu Shuai stood near the door of Dragon Palace, he looked at the battlefield and observed the fight, he did not make a move.


 Earlier, when attacking the three resource points, due to the difference in cultivation level, he could not tell. But in the current deadlock, he sensed many details.


 Wu Shuai analyzed, he quickly realized the reason.


 The variant humans were able to survive until today and develop well because of the help of heaven’s will.


 Heaven’s will was disrupted by Star Constellation’s will, it could not make fate Gu show the sign of variant human supremacy. But heaven’s will could still influence calamities and tribulations.


 Tribulations were the biggest obstacles in the rise of a Gu Immortal’s cultivation level.


 The more prosperous humanity was, the more help heaven’s will would provide to the variant human grotto-heaven forces.


 The difficulty of tribulations that these variant humans faced was many times simpler than normal human Gu Immortals! In fact, even for the human Gu Immortals in black and white heaven, because they were at odds with the five regions human forces, they were also given some special treatment. This was thanks to heaven’s will.


 There were clear historical records about this.


 Back then, variant humans ruled the world as overlords. Heaven’s will thus affected fate Gu and showed the revelation of humanity reigning supreme. On one hand, heaven’s will aided Primordial Origin and helped him to become an Immortal Venerable, it also took care of the humans, helping humanity develop and grow. On the other hand, heaven’s will also influenced the variant humans, dividing them and causing them to undergo intense internal conflict, they greatly weakened themselves.


 "And because the two heavens are too huge, with each heaven having the total area of all five regions, there are so many rank eight Gu Immortals in black and white heaven. Other than the group I brought here, a small group are still left in the two heavens."


 Wu Shuai thought about this as he started to move.


 Dragon Palace slowly activated.


 Xia Ying, who was inside Golden Star Tower, became anxious. It was very tough to deal with these rank eights now, she seemed to have the upper hand but she could not last long. Even if the battle tilted in the enemy’s favor at the next second, it would not be surprising.


 "Good, Lord Wu Shuai is making his move!"


 "I’m looking forward to it."


 "It is a pity that our grotto-heavens have no Immortal Gu Houses. Only after fighting can we see that they really are the foundation of a super force."


 The rank eight Gu Immortals had excited expressions, they were anticipating his action.


 But under everyone’s gaze, Dragon Palace flew away from the battlefield.


 The rank eight Gu Immortals were stunned.


 What was going on?


 At the next moment, Wu Shuai’s icy voice could be heard: "If more than ten rank eights cannot deal with one rank seven immortal and a rank seven Immortal Gu House, what is the point of your existence?"


 The rank eight Gu Immortals were tongue-tied, they could not respond.


 Eventually, they could only watch as Dragon Palace flew away.


 "Oh no, he is flying towards Human Sea!" Xia Ying saw this, her heart jumped.


 Xia clan felt very suspicious: "How does Wu Shuai know that our Xia clan’s base contains Human Sea? No, Human Sea is very deeply hidden, maybe he just wants to find some resources."


 Wu Shuai left the battlefield, he went to the top of a certain lake, he stopped Dragon Palace’s movement.


 "Human Sea should be here." Wu Shuai’s eyes shined with bright light, he activated his method.


 A mystical light shot out from his palm, piercing hundreds of feet of lake water, reaching the bottom.


 Next, the mystical light spread out towards the entire lake surface.


 The water evaporated, turning into mist and dispersing, one could hear countless human voices from the dense white fog.


 The voices of people became louder, the white fog turned into human silhouettes as they flew around in the sky.


 At once, Dragon Palace was surrounded by white fog, countless silhouettes moved around Dragon Palace like ghost phantoms, there were tens of thousands of them.


 "Come." Wu Shuai willed, the fog quickly gathered and condensed into white lake water that flowed into Dragon Palace.


 The commotion created was huge, the two parties fighting in the battlefield could see it clearly.


 "Wu Shuai actually went to collect loot while we are fighting with our full effort!"


 "The fog is very special, it emitted dense human path aura. It must be a great treasure for Wu Shuai to retrieve it personally!"


 "Don’t fear, as the alliance leader, how can Wu Shuai not lead by example? How can he gain our acceptance otherwise? He will definitely give a portion of the white fog to us later."


 The rank eight Gu Immortals conversed with each other.


 Xia Ying’s heart sank to rock bottom: "Wu Shuai actually knows about the existence of Human Sea! In fact, he has a method to take Human Sea away, how can this be possible?"


 "The plan of constructing Human Sea was only known to us Xia clan Gu Immortals, we kept it as a secret all along. Even if Xia Zheng Qing and the rest were captured by Wu Shuai, only our first supreme elder knows how to retrieve Human Sea. How can he find an alternate method so quickly?"


 "To think that the current Human Sea is still incomplete." Wu Shuai looked at the white fog in Dragon Palace, it was still showing human figures and shadows from time to time, it was creepy but quite amazing as well. Two different types of images had fused together in a natural way.


 Wu Shuai smiled, he did not mind it.


 To replenish Human Sea, he only needed to kill enough humans.


 Because of the main body’s information, Wu Shuai knew that Human Sea was the work of Xia clan for many years, they were attempting to create a human path secluded domain in secret.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, Human Sea was dazzling and impressive, it helped Eastern Sea’s Xia clan to rise up to the top.


 But it was still far from an actual secluded domain after all.


 In the future, Southern Border’s Chai clan gained some key comprehension from Human Sea, they started to create a similar artificial secluded domain — Human Mountain.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals of that time had deduced that if Human Sea and Human Mountain were fused together into one, they could form an actual secluded domain of heaven and earth!


 "Human Mountain and Sea is too far away, but just Human Sea alone is sufficiently helpful to my main body." Wu Shuai was quite happy.


 The most important thing was Fang Yuan’s main body after all.


 The current biggest obstacle of Fang Yuan’s main body was the restriction of heaven path. This was Red Lotus’ scheme, Fang Yuan was trying to find a way to break out of this predicament.


 He found that human path was a countermeasure, even though the thousand wish tree was a human path ancient desolate plant, it could not match the numerous heaven path dao marks.


 Thus, Fang Yuan placed his sight on the Human Sea of Eastern Sea’s Xia clan.


 Because of Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, Fang Yuan did not need to go personally, his clone Wu Shuai was able to head there and retrieve Human Sea easily.


 After Wu Shuai stored Human Sea away, the battle had also concluded at the other side.


 Xia Ying was unable to escape in the end, but many of the rank eights were injured as well. The one who defeated Golden Star Tower was Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 "Lord Alliance Leader, you took the chance to take the human path treasure, that’s not fair, right?" As the immortals gathered at the door of Dragon Palace, an anxious rank eight Gu Immortal questioned.


 Wu Shuai glanced at him as Dragon Palace used its killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!


 The rank eight Gu Immortal who spoke was unguarded, the smoke easily swept him away into Dragon Palace before he was even able to say another word.


 The immortals were stunned and fearful.


 "Who else has a problem with me?" Wu Shuai crossed his arms, looking at the immortals.


 He only had rank seven cultivation level, he was surrounded by a group of rank eights.


 But the rank eight Gu Immortals looked at each other, they were pale and chose to keep silent, they did not dare to say a thing.



***
Chapter 1984 Wu Shuais Political Skills


***





 



 Facing Wu Shuai’s aggressive stance, the Gu Immortals of the two heavens lowered their heads, they did not dare to look at him directly.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch saw this, he cheered internally, Wu Shuai’s actions would cause him to lose the support of everyone. However, he also felt envious, when would he gain such huge battle strength to make everyone lower their heads in front of him?


 After a while of silence, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch stood up at an appropriate timing, saying respectfully: "Lord Alliance Leader, dear allies, the most important thing now is to go after the remaining Xia clan members. Most of Xia clan’s Gu Immortals have escaped using Whale Fishing Boat, if we do not chase them now, it will be too late."


 "Yes, yes." The immortals nodded, they started discussing this topic.


 Many people casted gazes of gratitude towards Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, his words had undeniably given them a way to escape the embarrassment.


 "Haha." Wu Shuai laughed loudly: "Chase? Why must we chase them?"


 Wu Shuai continued: "We were able to take down the headquarters of Eastern Sea’s Xia clan, it was because we acted quickly and caught them off guard. From now, it will be difficult if we want to expand our territory. The whole of Eastern Sea and even the righteous paths of the five regions will become very cautious now."


 "But if we allow this group of Xia clan Gu Immortals to escape, they will invite members of Eastern Sea’s righteous path to try to recover their territory."


 "This way, those Eastern Sea righteous path members will need to leave their territories and come here to seek death. Isn’t that great?"


 The immortals were stunned, they nodded in unison, agreeing that Wu Shuai’s analysis was sound.


 "Lord Alliance Leader is very knowledgeable, it is natural that we cannot compare to him." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch ingratiated.


 But Wu Shuai had a grim expression: "I don’t care about all of these Eastern Sea super forces! There is only one person I am wary about, Qi Sea Ancestor."


 "This old man can fight evenly with Duke Long, he had once held the qi sea banquet, he also did not help Fang Yuan nor Heavenly Court during the fate war. His stance is very important now!"


 "It is likely that the righteous path will convince him now to fight against us. Of course, it is not strange if he chooses to continue staying in seclusion and not face us."


 "I let these Xia clan members go, I am also trying to probe Qi Sea Ancestor’s intentions."


 The Gu Immortals of the two heavens heard Wu Shuai’s words, they nodded as their expressions turned dark.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch took a glance at Wu Shuai, he thought: "Wu Shuai is Wu Shuai after all, he cannot be underestimated. He has both wisdom and political skills, it is just that he does not feel the need to use tricks against us."


 But he quickly thought: "Qi Sea Ancestor’s attitude is very ambiguous. He had once worked with Fang Yuan and went against Duke Long, but later they reconciled. On the other hand, he also held the qi sea banquet, he welcomed Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal Jun Shen Guang, while also letting a demonic Gu Immortal sell blood path Immortal Gu in public."


 "Alright." Wu Shuai waved his hand, breaking the immortals’ train of thought: "We chased Xia clan away, it is time to split the loot."


 Thus, the atmosphere changed instantly, everyone got excited.


 Eastern Sea was the richest of the five regions, as an Eastern Sea super force, Xia clan had ownership of many resource points, their inventory was filled.


 These assets of Xia clan were split up by Fang Yuan and given to the Gu Immortals, each of them gained a considerable sum of wealth.


 The Gu Immortals of the two heavens smiled, they felt extremely happy.


 "The five regions are so rich!"


 "This is merely the foundation of one Eastern Sea super force, it is already so much."


 "Xia clan is useless! If my grotto-heaven had such resources, we would be far stronger than now."


 And what surprised the Gu Immortals of the two heavens was that Wu Shuai took a much smaller portion of the gains that they had expected.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had a change of thought, he quickly said to the surrounding Gu Immortals: "Everyone, listen to me. We gained so much loot because of Lord Alliance Leader. He was the one who guided us towards victory. Without his information and plan, how could we take down Xia clan so easily? But currently, Lord Alliance Leader is taking the smallest portion of loot, this is not fair to him."


 The Gu Immortals were stunned, they looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had a look of sincerity and admiration.


 Wu Shuai looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch deeply in the eye: "I am a lone person, I do not need much in cultivation resources, nor do these resources suit me. If I need anything in the future, I will definitely take them. Since I have distributed this loot already, I will not take them back, but Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, your words reminded me of something."


 "Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch." Wu Shuai spoke.


 "This subordinate is here." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch cupped his fists, showing a respectful attitude.


 Wu Shuai smiled: "You are quite good."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch quickly bowed: "To receive such compliments from Lord Alliance Leader, it is my greatest blessing!"


 Wu Shuai nodded: "Of course, my leadership is the greatest blessing that all of you have. As for you, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, as the vice alliance leader, you should not get the same amount of loot as the rest of the allies. I will make the decision, shooting fish sea will belong to you now."


 "Lord Alliance Leader?" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch quickly raised his head, feeling shocked.


 Wu Shuai laughed: "I said you’ll get it, just take ownership of it. Don’t worry! I am here to back you up. If anyone dares to make problems for you, if you dislike anyone, just tell me, I will take care of them!"


 Wu Shuai said this as he looked around, his dragon eyes emitting an aggressive light. The Gu Immortals all turned away, not daring to meet his gaze.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch obtained a giant resource point but he felt no joy internally.


 He looked at Wu Shuai, seeing that seemingly smiling face, he could not help but shudder in a chill.


 "As expected of the dragonman who once ruled his race, I underestimated him! This old monster must have realized my intentions." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch noticed this, his back was covered in cold sweat.


 He wanted to cause Wu Shuai to lose even more support from the rest of the people. But Wu Shuai had made use of his action and acted this way, it made all the other Gu Immortals feel that Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was not happy with his gains, he wanted to use his status and the alliance leader’s dominance to gain more benefits.


 After all, if the alliance leader gets more benefits, wouldn’t it be logical if the vice alliance leader also got more loot?


 "Hmm? Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, you are not thanking me?" Wu Shuai stared at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, showing a smile filled with deep meaning.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch shuddered in his heart as he gritted his teeth and said with a hoarse voice: "This subordinate thanks Lord Alliance Leader."


 Seeing that he had submitted, Wu Shuai did not feel any happiness, he was actually quite disappointed.


 The Gu Immortals of the two heavens had been in seclusion for too long, due to their identities, they did not dare to move around or compete against each other.


 Without competition, they could not be trained well. Even if heaven’s will helped them, Gu Immortal elites could not be nurtured.


 Wu Shuai looked at the Gu Immortals of the two heavens, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was the only one with passable battle strength and attitude. The rest of the rank eights were simply a disgrace to other rank eight Gu Immortals!


 It was no wonder that in Fang Yuan’s previous life, these people did not manage to create any big commotions.



***
Chapter 1985 Truly Incredible


***





 



 While Wu Shuai and the rest were splitting up the fortune of Xia clan, the atmosphere inside Whale Fishing Boat was grim and sad.


 "First supreme elder, what do we do now?"


 "The enemies are too powerful, there are more than ten rank eights, there was no way we could defend our headquarters!"


 "Especially their leader Wu Shuai! If we retaliate, there is little hope of success."


 "Sigh, it is a pity that Xia Ying and the rest sacrificed themselves."


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were furious and helpless, they felt that the future was bleak.


 Xia clan’s first supreme elder Xia Rui Zhi snorted coldly: "I don’t care who the enemy is, be it Wu Shuai or the rank eight Gu Immortals of the two heavens, they should not have taken our Xia clan’s territory. They will not stay arrogant for long! We are going to get help from Eastern Sea’s righteous path."


 "Hmph, so be it if they are human Gu Immortals. But they are mostly variant human Gu Immortals with Wu Shuai leading them, we have already kept a copy of the battle scene, it is the best evidence against them. Eastern Sea’s righteous path and even the five regions’ righteous path will not allow this group of variant humans to grow stronger and larger!"


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals heard this, they recovered a bit of their morale.


 Seeking reinforcements was the only way out, but the important thing to consider was which clan to approach.


 Xia clan was situated at the eastern most area of Eastern Sea, towards their west was the Merman Imperial Court, towards the southeast was Tang clan, and towards the northeast was Xie clan. These three were not good targets to request for help.


 The three of them were directly connected to Xia clan in territory, Xia clan’s relationship with the Merman Imperial Court was best but they were variant humans. Even though there were no mermen in the battle earlier, Xia clan did not dare to take the risk.


 As for Tang clan and Xie clan, these two clans had conflict with Xia clan during normal times, if they went to ask these two clans for help, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals would not want to face their mockery.


 After a round of discussion, Xia clan’s Gu Immortals moved in Whale Fishing Boat, they carefully went past the Merman Imperial Court, approaching Shen clan, which was further west, for help.


 But because of this, their journey became much longer.


 During Xia clan’s journey to seek help, information that they were invaded by Gu Immortals of the two heavens spread like wildfire in treasure yellow heaven, it shook the world.


 "There are so many rank eight Gu Immortals among the variant humans! Is this information reliable?"


 "It is nothing strange. Be it black heaven or white heaven, each of them is as large as the five regions together."


 "These damned variant humans are hidden too deeply!"


 "They are too daring, they dared to wage war on our human forces, they are courting death!"


 "The thing that makes me angrier is that among these people, there are human Gu Immortals. What are they thinking? They are betraying their own race!"


 At once, all of the Gu Immortals in the world discussed this matter.


 Shen clan was no exception.


 The letter requesting help from Xia clan had already reached Shen clan.


 This was an important matter, Shen clan’s first supreme elder, Shen Cong Sheng, called all the Gu Immortals for a meeting.


 "The reason why Xia clan is asking our Shen clan for help is obvious, there is no need to explain it. But should our Shen clan help them? Everyone, tell me your view." Shen Cong Sheng said.


 "The enemy is too strong, why must our Shan clan face such a strong foe alone? Remember that Wu Shuai has Dragon Palace and Di Zang Sheng, he even possesses dream path methods, their battle strength is too overwhelming."


 "That’s right, and even more worrying is that Wu Shuai has a relationship with Fang Yuan. Nobody knows how good their relationship is, but we know that they are close. If we target Wu Shuai, we might cause the great demon Fang Yuan to come after us!"


 Shen Cong Sheng nodded: "You are correct."


 He did not show any change of expression.


 During the blue dragon whale trip, he had cooperated with Fang Yuan. But because they worked in secrecy, even Shen clan’s Gu Immortals did not know about it, Shen Cong Sheng could preserve his clan’s reputation as a result.


 "I feel that we cannot refuse to help Xia clan! Xia clan is also a member of the righteous path, they came all this way to ask us for help, if we do not agree, what would Xia clan think of us? What would Eastern Sea think of us? What would the whole five regions think of us?"


 "I agree, this is not just a conflict between us humans, this is the battle between humans and variant humans! If Shen clan does not show a clear stance, the people of the world will accuse us of our inaction."


 Shen Cong Sheng nodded: "This is correct too. But the enemy is too strong, they have more than ten rank eights and even Wu Shuai leading them. Even if we have Ancestor Shen Shang here, we cannot resist such a group of enemies."


 After the fate war, Shen Shang went missing after going insane. Even though Shen clan wanted to find their Ancestor Shen Shang, they did not succeed.


 The entire world was watching now, it was likely that news in treasure yellow heaven had spread from Xia clan themselves.


 Xia clan was using this method to force Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces to help them.


 With the entire world watching, Shen clan had to help Xia clan. But Wu Shuai’s group was simply too powerful, they were too terrifying.


 Even though Shen clan was a super force, against the allied forces of two heavens, it still felt very wary and unsure.


 "Elders, I have a plan to resolve this problem." Ren Xiu Ping spoke.


 After returning from the blue dragon whale trip, Ren Xiu Ping became Shen clan’s external supreme elder. Ren Xiu Ping was a person who followed the rules and kept a low profile, but now that they were in this situation, if Shen clan falls and chaos descends, he would also be implicated.


 Ren Xiu Ping continued: "Wu Shuai has very high strength, but in this current Eastern Sea, there is another ancestor capable of resisting the Evil Dragon."


 "You mean to say that person in qi sea?" Someone’s eyes brightened up.


 "Indeed, Qi Sea Ancestor." Ren Xiu Ping nodded.


 "Good plan, let’s do that." Shen Cong Sheng laughed and clapped, deciding on the spot.


 For the next few days, Xia clan arrived in Shen clan, they wanted to borrow strength to reclaim their territory. Shen Cong Sheng came out to speak to them, they attended to Xia clan’s members warmly.


 But when asked to fight against Wu Shuai, Shen Cong Sheng said that he had too little strength, he suggested that they should gather more righteous path forces.


 Currently, qi tides were surging everywhere, almost all the five regions’ Gu Immortals were recuperating and resting, they did not dare to move abruptly.


 Thus, Eastern Sea’s righteous path could not use much of its strength now.


 But Shen Cong Sheng suggested that Xia clan should inform Qi Sea Ancestor of this situation, they should request for the ancestor to uphold justice for them.


 Shen Cong Sheng copied Xia clan, before they asked Qi Sea Ancestor for help, they already published the news in treasure yellow heaven.


 Thus, the entire world’s attention went to qi sea.


 Almost all the Gu Immortals were waiting to see Qi Sea Ancestor’s response.


 All the human Gu Immortals were hoping that Qi Sea Ancestor would step up as the senior of the rank eights, the person who resisted Duke Long on equal footing, he had the responsibility to lead them.


 But many people were pessimistic about it. Because Qi Sea Ancestor was a secluded cultivator, he had an ambiguous relationship with the righteous path and demonic path, he had even worked with Fang Yuan before. From this aspect, there was quite a chance that Qi Sea Ancestor would not entertain these worldly affairs.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s response was rapid.


 He announced in treasure yellow heaven: "There are those of other races having such motives, first there was Primordial Origin, now there is Qi Sea, we will not let these variant humans with ulterior motives bear roots here on our soil!"


 Once he said that, the world world resounded with praises.


 Qi Sea Ancestor, you are truly incredible!



***
Chapter 1986 Heavenly Courts Tactic


***





 



 Heavenly Court.


 The damage caused during the fate war was starting to recover. Having collated their losses, they really had suffered a huge setback.


 Discussion hall.


 Qin Ding Ling sat at the main seat as she looked around, observing the Gu Immortals and their wills.


 Most of the Heavenly Court members had gone back to hibernating in the immortal graveyard. More than half of the immortal graveyard was destroyed by Fang Yuan, but Heavenly Court still had sufficient members left.


 These members had little lifespan remaining, rather than dying of old age, they could display greater value by hibernating in the immortal graveyard.


 What worried Qin Ding Ling was that even though these Gu Immortals went back into slumber, she did not receive any sort of message from Star Constellation’s will.


 It was as if the fate war caused Star Constellation’s will to suffer a huge loss.


 This made already become Qin Ding Ling’s greatest worry. Star Constellation’s will could interfere with heaven’s will but heaven’s will was also able to assimilate Star Constellation’s will. If she lacked support and got assimilated by heaven’s will, it would be a huge nightmare to humanity and Heavenly Court.


 But Qin Ding Ling came here and gathered the immortals for a meeting, it was not because of Star Constellation’s will.


 "Qi tides are rampaging, the two heavens are making a move. Wu Shuai is leading an allied army of the two heavens and has already taken down Eastern Sea’s Xia clan. Now, Xia clan has requested for Qi Sea Ancestor’s help, the two sides are opposing each other. What do you think we should do at this key moment?"


 Qin Ding Ling asked.


 She was a luck path Gu Immortal, she did not cultivate wisdom path like Fairy Zi Wei. Thus, when faced with this matter, Qin Ding Ling could not make a resolute decision, she needed to discuss it with the other Gu Immortals.


 "Undeniably, the allied army of the two heavens is made up of variant humans, enemies of our Heavenly Court, we need to exterminate them!"


 "In this aspect, Qi Sea Ancestor is quite a responsible person."


 "Right now, the conflict between Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor is akin to the conflict between humans and variant humans. But the truth is, whoever wins between them is not the key, the most important element is someone else — Fang Yuan!"


 "Indeed, be it Wu Shuai or Qi Sea Ancestor, they are both related to Fang Yuan. Wu Shuai claims that he has only cooperated with Fang Yuan, he has revived after a million years, aspiring to grow the dragonman race once again. As for Qi Sea Ancestor, he had once made an agreement with Fang Yuan, he went against Heavenly Court but changed his mind later when Lord Duke Long gave him half of the qi path true inheritance. During the fate war, Qi Sea Ancestor did not show up at all, it showed that Lord Duke Long had made a wise decision."


 "I have a different opinion! Qi Sea Ancestor can likely be Fang Yuan’s disguise. In the past, we did not think of this because Fang Yuan only had rank seven cultivation level, but now that we know about the secret of the sovereign immortal body, it is likely that Fang Yuan had rank eight cultivation level then and disguised himself as Qi Sea Ancestor. Don’t forget that during the fate war, Fang Yuan destroyed the qi wall with a qi path method."


 "His qi path method is called unlimited qi sea, it is the signature method of Qi Xiang of the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs in the past. But the qi path methods that Qi Sea Ancestor used against Duke Long were very different from unlimited qi sea. It is quite unlikely that the two of them are the same person."


 "But we cannot rule out this possibility."


 "Speaking of which, Wu Shuai is much more suspicious than Qi Sea Ancestor. He might not be a disguised Fang Yuan, he could simply be Fang Yuan’s clone. As the leader of Shadow Sect, Fang Yuan definitely has a portion of Spectral Soul’s foundation. And a method Spectral Soul excels in is creating split souls. That was how he created Shadow Sect singlehandedly."


 The immortals discussed among themselves.


 Qin Ding Ling was hesitant, she felt a huge headache.


 The immortals had their own viewpoints, nobody could convince the other. In the end, Qin Ding Ling had to make the decision after all.


 Qin Ding Ling thought about it for a while before sighing: "Everyone, listen to me. Fang Yuan has familiar face, he can disguise as different people. Even though we need to be wary of this, we cannot ignore other possibilities just because of our suspicions. Wu Shuai might be Fang Yuan’s clone, Qi Sea Ancestor might be Fang Yuan’s disguise, these are possible truths."


 "But at the same time, there is also the possibility that they are not that closely related to Fang Yuan. We cannot create enemies everywhere just because of this, forget about Wu Shuai, but for Qi Sea Ancestor, we cannot give up on winning over Qi Sea Ancestor just because of this possibility, can’t we try to make him an ally of Heavenly Court?"


 Fang Zheng heard this as he hesitated and asked: "Senior Qin wants to recruit Qi Sea Ancestor?"


 Qin Ding Ling nodded: "Lord Duke Long has passed away while Feng Jiu Ge betrayed us, our Heavenly Court desperately needs a pseudo venerable capable of holding the situation. In the past, Senior Duke Long used Primordial Origin’s true inheritance to gain Qi Sea Ancestor’s friendship. Even though he did not agree to join us, he had not shown up during the fate war either."


 The immortals fell into silence.


 Qin Ding Ling’s current plan was Duke Long’s former plan.


 In the past, in order to repair fate Gu, Duke Long wanted Qi Sea Ancestor to stay out of the conflict. But now?


 Heavenly Court needed someone with pseudo venerable battle strength to support them!


 Currently, even though there was peace, the truth was that the rampaging qi tides and heaven path dao marks were forcing most Gu Immortals to stay inactive and recuperate from the damages caused, they could not take action.


 But once the qi tides subside and Fang Yuan manages to refine the heaven path dao marks?


 By then, the strongest person in Heavenly Court would be Qin Ding Ling, could she resist the Gu Immortals of the other four regions with ill intentions? Could she block Di Zang Sheng? Could she block Fang Yuan?


 Heavenly Court knew about this threat, in history, they had also recruited Gu Immortals of the other four regions.


 The obvious example was Wan Zi Hong, this female immortal was once a demoness of Western Desert, Heavenly Court had recruited her to join them. As long as one was a human, Heavenly Court could be magnanimous towards them.


 "I am not against winning Qi Sea Ancestor over. But before that, we need to clarify his true relationship with Fang Yuan!"


 "That’s what you say, but right now, Qi Sea Ancestor might not even feel any threat from our Heavenly Court."


 "Haha, I think that for him, the attraction of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance surpasses everything."


 Fang Zheng volunteered: "Currently, the conflict between Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai is our greatest opportunity. We can investigate and find out the truth from this. Of course, no matter the outcome, we cannot spare the Gu Immortals of the two heavens. Since we already have Night Heavenly Wolf Lord as our insider, I am willing to lead a group to Eastern Sea and exterminate these variant human Gu Immortals!"


 Fang Zheng was the current owner of Demon Judgment Board, even though he had rank seven cultivation level, with this board, he could fight against most rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Due to the influence of qi tides, the five regions’ Gu Immortals could not move around. But Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were different.


 Most of them had phantom apertures, they were not restricted by this.


 Right as Fang Zheng spoke, another Gu Immortal volunteered to join the group and head to Eastern Sea, in order to kill these variant human Gu Immortals.


 Even though Heavenly Court lost, their motives and actions still followed the basis of defending humanity.


 Qin Ding Ling smiled: "I got it! Why must we go to Eastern Sea? Wu Shuai is there right now, we can use him to probe Qi Sea Ancestor’s background. Let’s go to the two heavens and exterminate those grotto-heaven forces, we will uproot the allied army of the two heavens from their bases!"



***
Chapter 1987 Qi Harvest Frui


***





 



 "Heavenly Court is Heavenly Court after all..." Night Heavenly Wolf Lord looked at the information path Gu worm in his hand as he sighed to himself.


 As he had expected, Heavenly Court really went ahead to deal with the two heavens alliance.


 Earlier, he had predicted that such a situation would occur.


 Those who live in a society have to follow its rules, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord had to join the two heavens alliance. Otherwise, his grotto-heaven would be attacked until it was destroyed.


 But joining this force only helped to delay their own destruction.


 When the five regions counterattack, the two heavens alliance would break apart, there would be huge casualties. None of these allies would be spared, Night Wolf grotto-heaven would also face a calamity by then.


 From the start, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord had made up his mind to defect to the five regions. This was for his own sake, and also the future of the entire Night Wolf grotto-heaven.


 Thus, he took a risk and went to approach Heavenly Court.


 As the situation progressed, Qi Sea Ancestor went against Wu Shuai and Heavenly Court sent a secret group to attack the headquarters of the two heavens’ variant humans!


 Since Night Heavenly Wolf Lord decided to defect, Heavenly Court’s Qin Ding Ling sent him a secret letter, asking him to be their spy and cooperate with Heavenly Court in this battle.


 "Heavenly Court did not disappoint me after all!"


 "Even though they lost in the fate war, despite everything, they still uphold the righteousness of humanity. They think for the whole of the human race without caring about sacrifices or benefits."


 Such grandness resonated with Night Heavenly Wolf Lord.


 Because he was a human Gu Immortal!


 Compared to Heavenly Court’s magnanimity, be they Qi Sea Ancestor or Wu Yong, they were simply too petty. Even Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven was the same.


 What was the mindset that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind?


 Hereditary monarchy!


 Even if Night Heavenly Wolf Lord and Longevity Heaven had no grudges, he would not go to and attempt to join them.


 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord did not hesitate, he immediately replied that he was willing to cooperate with Heavenly Court.


 According to their agreement, the moment Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor collide, Heavenly Court would use the chance to attack! If these two do not fight, then a month later, Heavenly Court would still take action.


 "It will depend on Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor now." Night Heavenly Wolf Lord waited in anticipation.


 Other than Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, countless forces and Gu Immortals were also paying attention to the situation in Eastern Sea.


 Southern Border’s Wu Yong was one of them.


 "If Qi Sea Ancestor loses, the variant human forces will definitely expand their territory, they will develop rapidly like a growing snowball, they will become a huge threat to the five regions!"


 "If Wu Shuai loses, the variant human forces will gather together in a defensive manner, this will be good news to the humans of the five regions. But that is not what I want to see."


 Wu Yong was an ambitious person.


 He wanted the world to be chaotic, the more conflicts there were, the more opportunities he had to try to reap benefits from the situation, to strengthen himself until he reached the top of the world!


 Thus, he felt deep hatred towards the qi tides.


 Because of the qi tides, the five regions’ Gu Immortals had to forcefully recuperate, he lost the chance to completely take down Heavenly Court.


 It was a real pity.


 "Lord, Empress Wu Ji and the others have revived. What do we do now?" At this time, Wu Ba Chong came to report the news.


 He was the second supreme elder of Wu clan, he was an old and experienced man.


 After fate Gu was destroyed, the most evident change was that revival methods became very easy to use. Earlier, Gu Immortal seeds like Empress Wu Ji had died on Yi Tian Mountain. But now, Wu clan’s Gu Immortals revived them all.


 Wu Yong nodded: "These people are the hope of our future, they have experienced ample setbacks and training as Gu Masters. When they become Gu Immortals, they will definitely be elites among their peers. Impart them the method of immortal ascension and make ample preparations, ensure there are enough resources. I want Wu clan to gain more than ten Gu Immortals in the next few years!"


 "Yes lord." Wu Ba Chong did not question this decision.


 In the future, during the five regions chaotic war, there would be a long lasting struggle, it would not be settled quickly. By then, all of the different forces would need to compete using their foundation and long term planning.


 "There is another matter regarding qi path." Wu Ba Chong said as he handed Wu Yong an information path mortal Gu.


 Wu Yong looked into it and quickly browsed through the content.


 This information path mortal Gu contained the information of all sorts of qi path immortal materials, they had all appeared as a result of the qi tides.


 "It seems that qi path is about to flourish again. Does this qi harvest fruit really have such great effects?" Wu Yong sighed as he asked at the end.


 Wu Ba Chong nodded: "Currently, many Gu Immortals have used it already, it is precisely so. This fruit is the essence of qi path and the fusion of the five regions’ qi, it is not normal. By placing it into one’s immortal aperture, it can turn into turbulent qi flows that can hasten the transformation of the heaven and earth qi. Whoever can get more qi harvest fruits will be able to get through this period of inactivity more quickly."


 "Then collect more of this immortal material. Also, sort out and make a list of the clan’s inventory, collate a qi path inheritance. We are going to use it and try to cultivate qi path Gu Immortals." Wu Yong instructed.


 "Yes." Wu Ba Chong answered.


 Wu clan was specialized in wind path, they did not have much foundation in qi path. But such a huge force would naturally have accumulation in qi path to some extent, if they could put together many incomplete inheritances into a proper inheritance, they might be able to nurture one or two qi path Gu Immortals.


 Of course, even if these Gu Masters became qi path Gu Immortals, they would not be promising in terms of future achievements.


 But since Wu clan had to make up for their deficiency in this aspect, these Gu Masters could only sacrifice their future potential and become qi path Gu Immortals.


 Southern Border, Luo clan.


 Three Gu Immortals went deeply into Qi Jue grotto heaven.


 "I broke through!" Luo Ran was excited.


 His skin tone was white and he had a cold expression, he was a Luo clan general famous in Southern Border, having peak rank seven battle strength.


 When the entire world was resting and recuperating, Luo Ran secretly brought two Gu Immortals from Luo clan and explored Qi Jue grotto heaven, he did not care about the changes in his own immortal aperture.


 His hard work and efforts were not in vain, they finally broke through the difficulties and had a smooth journey ahead.


 As they explored deeper, they arrived at the center of Qi Jue grotto heaven.


 "To think that the qi tides would cause a change in Qi Jue grotto heaven, allowing us to progress more smoothly in here." Luo Mu Zi felt deep emotions about this.


 "Let’s hurry up, the qi tides are rampaging in the world now, Qi Jue grotto heaven will only stay concealed for a short period of time. We need to find Qi Jue’s true inheritance before anyone else finds us. With this true inheritance, our Luo clan will be able to adapt to this great era and obtain the initiative!" Luo Hao Ze’s eyes shined with bright light.


 Several days later.


 Eastern Sea.


 Qi Sea Ancestor suddenly appeared, creating countless qi waves that moved towards the headquarters of Eastern Sea’s Xia clan openly.


 "Come!" Wu Shuai sensed it from far away, he smiled as Dragon Palace moved, he controlled Di Zang Sheng and fought bravely against the enemy.


 A huge battle that concerned the whole world erupted all of a sudden.



***
Chapter 1988 Wu Shuai Fights Qi Sea Ancestor


***





 



 Rumble!


 With a thunderous sound, intense tremors filled heaven and earth. Endless qi waves surged out, Dragon Palace shined with radiant lights as it retreated continuously.


 Qi Sea Ancestor did not pursue it, many layers of qi waves stacked around his body, like an impenetrable fortress.


 Both sides fought for an entire day and night, they exchanged blows but neither party could do anything to the other.


 All around the battlefield, countless eyes were watching. Eastern Sea’s righteous path, demonic path, and even lone immortals came here to watch the fight, naturally, there were also Gu Immortals of the two heavens.


 "Senior Qi Sea Ancestor is truly powerful, his methods are grand and imposing, Wu Shuai’s attacks all ended up useless." Hua clan first supreme elder Hua Cai Yun sighed to herself.


 Beside her, Qing Yue An said: "But Wu Shuai is not to be underestimated, he merely has rank seven cultivation level but is able to evenly match Qi Sea Ancestor."


 Hua Cai Yun sighed: "Wu Shuai was reborn, he is also an old monster. The Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace that he controls is really powerful, if not for it, he would not be Qi Sea Ancestor’s match."


 While the two conversed, a loud dragon roar resounded.


 A huge demonic dragon that seemed like a mountain range appeared on the battlefield, it could be seen from a gigantic distance away.


 "Oh heavens, such a terrifying giant dragon, this must be the number one immemorial desolate beast in the world?"


 "This is Di Zang Sheng! I am shocked just by simply watching it fight, I cannot muster any battle intent against it. I can’t imagine how the Gu Immortals fighting against it felt."


 "Wu Shuai finally let out the Evil Dragon, this proves that Qi Sea Ancestor has forced him to his limit. The following fight is the crucial part."


 All of the Gu Immortals watching this fight were shocked. Many of them had not participated in the fate war, they only watched it through the killer move everybody’s vision. They saw the battle but did not experience it personally.


 Their personal experience now was naturally creating a different feeling.


 The Evil Dragon roared as it charged towards Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Qi Sea Ancestor snorted coldly, his voice reverberating over the surroundings. He clapped both hands as an immortal killer move was unleashed, qi currents surged like a tsunami.


 Di Zang Sheng charged forward but as it crashed into the qi currents, its movement halted.


 Di Zang Sheng twisted its body and wanted to progress but the qi currents were endless, the great power could not be defied, it was forcefully suppressed on the ground!


 Seeing this, the observing Gu Immortals gasped.


 Qing Yue An, Hua Cai Yun, and Shen Cong Sheng cheered as expressions of joy appeared on their faces.


 As for Zhou Xiong Xin and Jun Shen Guang who were sent here by Heavenly Court, they became stunned, quickly looking at each other.


 "Thinking about the fate war, the two transformation path great experts of our Heavenly Court could not stop the rampaging Evil Dragon, they were suppressed by it. To think that Qi Sea Ancestor is able to stop it!" Jun Shen Guang was stunned.


 Zhou Xiong Xin squinted, he assessed Qi Sea Ancestor from afar. His information path methods had been used already, seeking to collect information from the entire battlefield as the fight progressed.


 Zhou Xiong Xin analyzed: "Qi Sea Ancestor is an expert who fought evenly with Lord Duke Long, it is not strange that he can resist Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng. But his new killer move seems to have some elements of the primordial qi wall in it."


 "Lord Duke Long once gave half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance to Qi Sea Ancestor. To think that he has already innovated upon it after the fate war had just ended to create a brand new qi wall killer move."


 Jun Shen Guang blinked: "Does this mean that during the fate war, Qi Sea Ancestor was in closed cultivation to comprehend this new killer move?"


 Zhou Xiong Xin could not deny it: "We cannot be sure yet. But at least for now, Qi Sea Ancestor’s methods are very different from the qi path methods that Fang Yuan possesses."


 Saying this, Zhou Xiong Xin sighed: "Qi Sea Ancestor’s origin is too mysterious, he is too deeply concealed. We have not even found any past details about him. Beforehand, we could use the River of Time to trace his origin and find out his past identity. But after fate Gu’s destruction, the River of Time has become extremely dangerous, it is filled with vicious waves, even if a time path great expert enters, they will be in great danger, we cannot enter it anymore."


 Other than time path, there was still wisdom path.


 But regrettably, Fang Yuan destroyed the majority of the immortal graveyard while Fairy Zi Wei defected to Spectral Soul, Heavenly Court faced an unprecedented lack of wisdom path experts.


 Boom—!


 An overwhelming amount of qi waves crashed down with heaven shaking might.


 The Evil Dragon roared, it tried to move its mountain-like body, but Qi Sea Ancestor continued to suppress it from above.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s moves gave an unrivaled atmosphere, his every action contained the power to overturn mountains and seas, the great Evil Dragon was not his match.


 The human Gu Immortals cheered to themselves.


 At this moment, Qi Sea Ancestor’s reputation rose greatly in the five regions.


 When the five regions’ Gu Immortals could not fight, when humanity was at its weakest, Qi Sea Ancestor had emerged to resist and defeat the variant humans, this was really satisfying to all the human Gu Immortals.


 "This is the action of a true man!" Even though Xi clan’s first supreme elder did not come personally, he had sent a Xi clan Gu Immortal to witness this battle themselves.


 Wu Yong was in Southern Border, upon seeing this, his heart sank as he pondered: "When we attack Eastern Sea in the future, this Qi Sea Ancestor will be a huge obstacle."


 Qin Ding Ling was guarding Heavenly Court with a complex emotion. In the past, Heavenly Court would be the one standing up during such situations, fighting on the front lines, but this time, Qi Sea Ancestor took Heavenly Court’s place and shouldered the expectations of the human race.


 Even though Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were still suspicious about Qi Sea Ancestor’s identity and his connection to Fang Yuan, after this battle, their impression towards him had undoubtedly improved greatly.


 While the human Gu Immortals were feeling happy, the two heavens alliance felt solemn, all the Gu Immortals were fearful.


 "How can this be! Even after using Di Zang Sheng, we cannot turn the situation around?"


 "The humans are really strong! This is the foundation of the five regions, we chose to invade them so abruptly, we were simply too hasty."


 "Hmph, even if we do not take action, these humans will still go after us. For the last few million years, they have been treating us variant humans like so."


 "Indeed, we can only have any hope of surviving by taking the initiative."


 "We cannot interfere in a battle of such a level, sigh, we can only hope that Lord Wu Shuai can claim victory!"


 The variant human Gu Immortals continued to converse, their expressions were grim as their gazes turned uncertain.


 There were many rank eight Gu Immortals among them, they had high cultivation and generally were characters of ancestor level in their respective grotto-heavens. But after witnessing this terrifying battle, nobody dared to participate.


 "Qi Sea Ancestor, you have been arrogant for too long!" Right at this moment, Dragon Palace rose up, Wu Shuai’s voice came from within.


 The immortals watched as Dragon Palace flew towards Qi Sea Ancestor like an orange-gold meteor.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s qi currents surged and blocked it but the effect was mild.


 Dragon Palace rode the waves and advanced further, charging with great momentum. A dream path killer move was used, a trace of smoke shot towards Qi Sea Ancestor.


 "Be careful!" Seeing this, many human Gu Immortals shouted while feeling very anxious, despite knowing their voices could not reach the battlefield.


 Right now, dream path was invincible in the world. Qi Sea Ancestor had to dodge the attack as he retreated.


 This time, Wu Shuai gained the upper hand.


 The variant humans quickly became overjoyed while the human Gu Immortals let out sighs of relief, Qi Sea Ancestor was not hit by the dream path killer move, that was an ideal outcome!


 The battle between Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai concerned all of the Gu Immortals in the world. Each clash shook people’s souls, it would directly affect the future of the five regions.


 As the two sides continued to fight, the immortals heard loud noises from the west.


 The loud sound came imposingly, with an unstoppable aura like a torrential flood.


 The Gu Immortals heard this and quickly shifted their gazes, they saw that qi tides were approaching the battlefield from far in the horizons.


 "During this crucial battle, the qi tides actually came to wreak havoc!"


 "Quickly retreat, if we get hit by the qi tides, our immortal apertures will tremor and result in lots of losses."


 "What about this battle?"


 The Gu Immortals were stunned, this was an unexpected development.


 Jun Shen Guang’s expression sank: "Oh no! Qi Sea Ancestor is an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, he is restricted by the qi tides, the situation will be severe. But Wu Shuai is a new dragonman Gu Immortal, after the refinement path modification, he is less affected."


 This information came from Duke Long.


 During the fate war, Duke Long secretly used dragonman extermination but could not end Wu Shuai’s life. Back then, he specially told them about this.


 Humans alike dragons was the Gu refinement method created by Duke Long, it could turn humans into dragonmen. The first generation dragonmen were created by this method.


 Heavenly Court had Duke Long’s information and also the method humans alike dragons, they could easily deduce a portion of Wu Shuai’s foundation. Thus, when they learned that Wu Shuai was leading the two heavens alliance to invade Eastern Sea, they were not surprised that he could fight.


 Zhou Xiong Xin gritted his teeth: "Qi tides are a qi tide catastrophe, Qi Sea Ancestor is a qi path great expert, he definitely has an advantage in dealing with it compared to us! Now, let’s see how he deals with this change, it will be the turning point of this battle."


 "Qi Sea Ancestor, even heaven is not helping you. Let’s see how long you can last in the qi tide!" Wu Shuai shouted excitedly, he moved Dragon Palace to assist the Evil Dragon as they attacked ferociously.


 This sight made the human Gu Immortals grit their teeth as they retreated, many prayed in their hearts: "Senior Qi Sea Ancestor, you must persevere."


 At the next moment, Qi Sea Ancestor laughed loudly: "Wu Shuai, you fell for it, I was waiting for you to fall for the bait."


 As he said that, the qi waves turned around, like a blossoming flower returning to a bud, they encased Qi Sea Ancestor and Dragon Palace before condensing into a dot, vanishing.


 In the battlefield, only Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng was left growling and roaring.


 "What battlefield killer move is this?"


 "At the crucial moment, Senior Qi Sea Ancestor actually trapped Wu Shuai in a battlefield killer move. This is too amazing!"


 "So Qi Sea Ancestor had been plotting all along."


 "Wu Shuai is trapped in a qi path battlefield, isolated from the Evil Dragon, he is at a disadvantage now."


 "That might not be true, Qi Sea Ancestor’s qi path battlefield is going to face the rushing qi tides, if the battlefield is destroyed, Qi Sea Ancestor will suffer backlash, he might end up in a disadvantage too."


 "Now, it will depend on whether Qi Sea Ancestor is able to break into Dragon Palace first. If not, when his qi path battlefield is destroyed, Wu Shuai will gather with the Evil Dragon, Qi Sea Ancestor will be in huge danger."


 The Gu Immortals on both sides were very worried.


 They could not personally watch such a crucial battle. Not only that, they had to retreat away from the qi tides, otherwise, their losses in the immortal aperture would be huge.


 Right as everyone was thinking about the qi path battlefield and how intense the battle would be, Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor were relaxing and drinking wine in Dragon Palace.


 Other than wine, there was also food.


 Fang Yuan’s clone and his main body were in harmony, the atmosphere was relaxed.


 Wu Shuai clone gave the incomplete Human Sea to Fang Yuan’s main body.


 After receiving it, Fang Yuan’s main body and Wu Shuai clone started to discuss their plans for the future.



***
Chapter 1989 Demon Judgment Board Lord


***





 



 "To think that the qi tide would come at such a crucial moment." Prince Feng Xian wore a golden cape, he sighed in pity.


 Beside him was a female immortal of Heavenly Court, she was Bai Cang Shui, she said with deep meaning: "Isn’t that a good thing?"


 Besides them, Gu Yue Fang Zheng was also here.


 These three Gu Immortals were currently inside rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board, they were not in Central Continent, they had entered immemorial black heaven.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s expression changed slightly, he knew the deeper meaning that Bai Cang Shui was pointing out.


 He could not help but think back to the instructions and arrangements that Qin Ding Ling gave him before leaving Heavenly Court.


 "You and Gu Yue Fang Yuan were born together and counter each other, you are the arrangement of the Heavenly Dao. Even if Fang Yuan changes his body, this relationship will not change. Precisely so, you will lead the expedition this time, bring Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui to launch a sneak attack on the headquarters of the variant human grotto-heavens in the two heavens!"


 Qin Ding Ling cultivated luck path, she placed great importance on Gu Yue Fang Zheng, knowing that the lucks of Gu Yue Fang Zheng and Fang Yuan were tightly connected, she could sense that they countered each other.


 And facts proved this.


 Qin Ding Ling’s awakening, the discovery of the dragonman blessed land, they were all variables that suppressed Fang Yuan.


 Right now, Heavenly Court lost in the fate war, Duke Long died, Feng Jiu Ge betrayed them, the immortal graveyard was destroyed, while Star Constellation’s will had no response. The great Heavenly Court was at its weakest moment for the last million years.


 Qin Ding Ling temporarily led Heavenly Court, she naturally had to make use of all the available strength to defend themselves and resist enemies.


 Thus, the stronger Fang Yuan was, the more focus Qin Ding Ling placed on Fang Zheng.


 In order to nurture Fang Zheng, Qin Ding Ling spared no expense on immortal materials, she even let him lead this expedition to train his leadership skill.


 Fang Zheng was not a youngster anymore, he knew that this was an unprecedented opportunity that was rarely seen in thousands of years. Even though Heavenly Court lost, their foundation was still unfathomable, with such a huge organization supporting him, he had to grasp it.


 Fang Zheng still had rank seven cultivation level now, he had not reached the condition to join Heavenly Court, thus, his rank seven blessed land was not handed over to them. The truth was, Qin Ding Ling needed him to grow stronger, thus, even when he becomes a rank eight Gu Immortal in the future, as long as he still had room for improvement, Qin Ding Ling would not make him give up his immortal aperture. After all, the Gu Immortal’s growth would almost completely halt after getting a phantom aperture.


 "Senior Bai is right! Currently, with Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai stuck in battle, it is our best opportunity to launch an attack. Let’s go now."


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng spoke as he acted swiftly.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board was immediately activated, it turned into a blood colored meteor that pierced through the grotto-heaven wall with a loud sound, entering Great Wisdom grotto-heaven directly!


 The three immortals in Demon Judgment Board looked at Great Wisdom grotto-heaven, it had a beautiful scenery of lush mountains and flowing rivers. Inkmen lived here harmoniously, they had peaceful lives, there were many people here, it was a flourishing habitat.


 A thick blood red light spread out rapidly from Demon Judgment Board, spreading throughout the world.


 The essence of an Immortal Gu House was immortal killer moves, it was constructed using Immortal Gu and mortal Gu. According to the different Gu worms used, with different structures, Immortal Gu Houses had their own specialties.


 Demon Judgment Board had great might, it showed a solid performance during the fate war. It was able to fight directly and managed to survive the war, this showed that Demon Judgment Board was one of the top rank eight Immortal Gu Houses in the world.


 At this moment, Demon Judgment Board was unleashing an information path ability that had not been used in the fate war.


 Wherever the blood red light went, all sorts of information gathered into Demon Judgment Board like a waterfall, before entering the minds of the three immortals.


 Prince Feng Xian frowned, showing a look of hatred and disgust: "The inkmen here actually captured humans secretly and exploited them as slaves, they truly deserve death. These variant humans should all die! Let’s kill these ones here and soul search them first."


 But Bai Cang Shui shook her head: "These are just mortals, even if we soul search them, they would not know many secrets of the higher-ups. We should give them a taste of their own medicine, let’s enslave them all and sell them as slaves in treasure yellow heaven, not only can we replenish Heavenly Court’s reserves with this, it can also display the authority of our Heavenly Court."


 Fang Zheng frowned on the inside.


 He had once lived for many years in Lang Ya blessed land with the hairy men due to Fang Yuan, he experienced the culture of the variant humans.


 Even though these inkmen treated humans as slaves, he was still unwilling to kill the innocent.


 But Fang Zheng did not rebuke the two immortals, instead he said: "These mortal inkmen are not important, the key now is to rapidly kill the inkman Gu Immortals here. Let’s take a look at this list of the Demon Judgment Board!"


 A new list on the Demon Judgment Board appeared, the names of the inkman Gu Immortals inside Great Wisdom grotto-heaven were clearly written on it.


 "Let’s go!" Fang Zheng shouted resolutely, activating Demon Judgment Board, they followed the connection to rapidly find the closest inkman Gu Immortal.


 This inkman Gu Immortal had already sensed something amiss, he secretly went to gather with the other inkman Gu Immortals.


 Seeing the approaching Demon Judgment Board, he flew desperately, but how could his speed match a rank eight Immortal Gu House?


 "Ahhh!"


 With a pitiful cry, this inkman Gu Immortal was directly killed by the charging Immortal Gu House. Blood red light captured his soul, it was brought to the three immortals.


 The three immortals quickled used soul search to gain lots of precious information.


 Within this Great Wisdom grotto-heaven, there were many inkmen and cities. The biggest city was at the center of the grotto-heaven, it had the largest number of inkman Gu Immortals gathered there.


 Of course, at this moment, there were still a few inkman Gu Immortals scattered outside.


 "Demon Judgment Board Lord, what do we do now?" Bai Cang Shui asked Fang Zheng.


 Fang Zheng did not hesitate: "We will immediately attack that immortal city!"


 Demon Judgment Board tore through the sky with outstanding speed, reaching the immortal city in a moment’s time.


 During this period, the inkman Gu Immortals of the grotto-heaven had already gathered.


 "Heavenly Court! We have no grudges with each other but you launched a sneak attack on us, can you still consider yourself righteous?" Within the immortal city, an inkman Gu Immortal shouted.


 Prince Feng Xian laughed heartily: "Heavenly Court upholds the justice of humanity, your entire inkman group is full of evil demons, you deserve to be purged by everyone."


 "What’s the point of arguing with them?" Fang Zheng acted more directly than Prince Feng Xian, he sent Demon Judgment Board to crash down on them.


 The inkman Gu Immortals gritted their teeth and shouted: "Then you will have a taste of our Great Wisdom grotto-heaven’s main formation!"


 At once, fog appeared and dyed the sky pitch-black.


 Demon Judgment Board entered the fog and could not find its directions, it was completely trapped.


 Not only that, the dense black fog was seeking to infiltrate the Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board.


 Fang Zheng did not fluster, he first tried to use killer moves to probe it.


 Lumps and lumps of blood flames spread out, wherever they went, black fog dispersed, but soon, the black fog seemed to have adapted, it devoured the blood flames aggressively.


 Fang Zheng tried to attack several times but he failed each time.


 Demon Judgment Board flew around the place but could not find any opening, it could not fly out of the black fog.


 After thinking for a while, Fang Zheng used the strongest method in Demon Judgment Board, causing wanton destruction everywhere.


 After a few minutes, a large amount of immortal essence was expended, Fang Zheng saw the black fog dispersing as they saw daylight again.


 But the immortal city was already blown to bits, the surrounding thousand li were in ruins, countless lifeforms died from Demon Judgment Board’s attacks.


 The defending inkman Gu Immortals were mostly dead, only one was still alive, holding his final breath.


 He looked at Demon Judgment Board with a gaze of deep hatred, he gritted his teeth: "How laughable, the great Heavenly Court is actually using blood path methods! You slaughtered these innocent people with no sense of guilt in your heart, you are truly the most vile demons of the demonic path!"


 Prince Feng Xian snorted coldly, replying in disdain: "Blood path is only a method, when used on you, it shows humanity’s righteousness."


 "The owner of our Great Wisdom grotto-heaven will not let you off!" The inkman Gu Immortal said before dying.


 "It’s over?" The person who caused this situation and claimed victory, Fang Zheng, stared with wide eyes in disbelief.


 Bai Cang Shui knew how he felt, she smiled: "Board Lord, you think this is the fate war, where intense fighting would happen that persists for months?"


 Fang Zheng heard this and had a realization, he sighed: "So that’s it."


 The fate war was at the peak of the world in terms of battle strength. After Fang Zheng participated in it personally, his impression of fights between Gu Immortals was elevated to a great degree.


 Right now, he was fighting against rank six and seven inkman Gu Immortals using the rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board, he realized it was so easy! It was too simple!


 "Then, what do we do now, Board Lord?" Prince Feng Xian asked.


 Fang Zheng pondered before answering: "Right now, the owners of these variant human grotto-heavens are with Wu Shuai in Eastern Sea. Since we already won this fight here, we still have time to attack the other grotto-heavens. This assault is a great chance, we need to make good use of it. Senior Bai Cang Shui, stay here, guard the place and collect our loot."


 For the sake of the ordinary inkmen, Fang Zheng did not let the more racist and violent Prince Feng Xian stay here, he chose Bai Cang Shui.


 Bai Cang Shui and Prince Feng Xian looked at each other, seeing satisfaction in each other’s eyes.


 Fang Zheng’s performance as the leader of this trip was quite commendable. Be it his decisions or mindset, he was dependable and had the aura of a great general.


 "Then I will stay here. Please be careful yourselves." Bai Cang Shui expressed.


 Fang Zheng nodded with a solemn expression: "Senior, don’t worry, I will not underestimate the enemies. I have not forgotten the most important point, that is the actions of Wu Shuai’s force."


 Bai Cang Shui felt relieved upon hearing these words, they took their leave.


 Eastern Sea.


 The qi tide had just subsided, the Dragon Palace with a damaged appearance crashed into Xia clan’s headquarters.


 "Oh, Lord Wu Shuai is back!"


 "What was the result of the battle?"


 "Lord Alliance Leader, you got injured?!"


 The variant human Gu Immortals entered Dragon Palace, they saw Wu Shuai, who had a pale expression and was covered in bloodstains.


 "Qi Sea Ancestor is formidable! I need to recuperate in closed cultivation." Wu Shuai coughed out mouthfuls of blood.


 The variant human Gu Immortals were pale, overwhelmed by fear and panic.


 Wu Shuai snorted coldly: "Don’t worry, I used up a major portion of Human Sea and unleashed human path methods, that Qi Sea Ancestor is also severely injured."


 The variant human Gu Immortals let out sighs of relief, it turned out the battle had ended in a draw.


 Right at this time, Great Wisdom Immortal Mother’s expression changed as she cried out in alarm: "Oh no! My Great Wisdom grotto-heaven was attacked, it is in imminent peril!"



***
Chapter 1990 Wu Shuais Healing


***





 



 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother’s words shocked all of the present variant human Gu Immortals.


 Soon, they reacted to the news.


 "We need to save them, these are our headquarters."


 "Great Wisdom, do you know who invaded your grotto-heaven?"


 "Heavenly Court!" Great Wisdom Immortal Mother had a dark expression, gritting her teeth in hatred: "The invading Gu Immortals used Demon Judgment Board, it is a Heavenly Court rank eight Immortal Gu House, this cannot be faked."


 "Hmph, so it is Heavenly Court!"


 "Heavenly Court is simply too shameless, they actually attacked without a proper declaration of war."


 "Heavenly Court is an organization made by demons to begin with. The past Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was the biggest demon in the world, far beyond Fang Yuan in fact. These are the records that our races have clearly left behind."


 While the immortals berated Heavenly Court, there was a sudden sound as Great Wisdom Immortal Mother directly knelt on the ground, kowtowing to Wu Shuai as she called: "Lord Alliance Leader, please help us uphold justice."


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother knew in her heart that she had no ability to save it. Just that rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board alone was an obstacle. That was not including the hidden Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals in Demon Judgment Board.


 Wu Shuai acknowledged her words: "Great Wisdom, no need to worry, stand up first!"


 He seemed to have a livid expression but he did not find this strange at all. Heavenly Court’s actions were within his expectations, during the five hundred years of his previous life, Heavenly Court had similarly done such an invasion.


 Wu Shuai said resolutely and solemnly: "Great Wisdom is one of us, now that Great Wisdom grotto-heaven is attacked by Heavenly Court, we need to save it. Not only that, we need to take revenge for the damage that Heavenly Court has caused to Great Wisdom grotto-heaven, we will not let this go!"


 "Thank you Lord Alliance Leader!" Great Wisdom Immortal Mother felt relieved, she stood up shakily, she already had the appearance of an old woman, at this moment, she looked even more pitiful as she asked: "When will we set off?"


 Wu Shuai pondered: "This is a huge matter, we need to make plans first, we cannot panic and lose our rationality. We need to save Great Wisdom grotto-heaven, but we also need to defend our Eastern Sea Xia clan territory. Even though I fought evenly against Qi Sea Ancestor this time, Eastern Sea’s righteous path will not let this go, they will retaliate. We worked hard to gain this territory, we must defend the fruits of our labor. Thankfully, we did not use any mermen earlier, in the following battle, the Merman Imperial Court can support us secretly as spies."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch stood up from the crowd at this moment: "Reporting to Lord Alliance Leader, I am willing to defend Xia clan’s headquarters. If the Eastern Sea righteous path attacks, I will do my best to defend this place, they will not pass until I die!"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s words were very heroic and grand, but in his heart, he was trying to avoid conflicting with Heavenly Court. There were many variant human Gu Immortals with similar thoughts, they all sighed now, they had been too slow, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch made a move before them.


 Among them, some of the variant human Gu Immortals who were close to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch felt happy internally, if Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch defended the base, they would definitely be chosen to stay with him, after all, he could not defend the location alone.


 "Very good." Wu Shuai nodded, he looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch with admiration: "Ice Crystal, you are very strong and have a vigilant nature, you are a powerful general in our alliance, I will be assured if you are defending it. After I recover from my injuries, you will defend Xia clan’s territory for me."


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother heard this and became anxious, you all are talking so much but why is nobody talking about the departure timing?


 She started to urge again: "Lord Alliance Leader, fellow allies, there is no time, Great Wisdom grotto-heaven’s crisis is at hand, we need to save it immediately!"


 Wu Shuai sighed: "After this battle against Qi Sea Ancestor, not only are my injuries severe, the healing is very troublesome. I need a lot of immortal materials to heal my physical body. The reason is because my dragonman body is different from Duke Long, I modified it and innovated upon the original version. When refining this body, I used a lot of rare immortal materials and paid a huge price. My healing will also require the same cost, regrettably, I lack a lot of immortal materials now, I need to make purchases in treasure yellow heaven."


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother had also heard rumors regarding the humans alike dragons method, she did not suspect his words as she asked: "May I ask Lord Alliance Leader how many immortal materials you require to heal your injuries? We can provide it."


 Wu Shuai listed out the materials for her.


 After hearing his words, all the variant human Gu Immortals took in sharp breaths.


 The price was too huge!


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother was tongue tied as she gasped: "To think that Lord Alliance Leader’s body is so valuable and expensive!"


 Wu Shuai smiled but did not speak, he only glanced towards Gu tribe’s leader.


 Gu tribe’s leader immediately said: "I can testify for this, many of my people have turned into dragonmen, we expended far more immortal materials than this!"


 This was a lie, but Gu tribe’s leader and Wu Shuai were very close, because he was an Eastern Sea rank eight, his words carried huge trustworthiness.


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother had naturally suspected that Wu Shuai was extorting them, but she did not dare to question him, the situation was not within her control.


 After hesitating for a while, Great Wisdom Immortal Mother gritted her teeth as she said with difficulty: "Lord Alliance Leader, I am willing to fund and contribute the immortal materials to help you recover quickly."


 The variant human Gu Immortals quickly took action, gathering the immortal materials.


 Wu Shuai accepted the immortal materials but shook his head: "Even with all the immortal materials I need at least three days and two nights to heal."


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother heard his words and almost fainted on the spot.


 She was extremely anxious, she was about to speak but Wu Shuai waved his hand, she could not say anything.


 Because at the next moment, Wu Shuai added: "As the alliance leader, no matter which of your headquarters get attacked, I will definitely save them. Heavenly Court is our common enemy! But the situation is indeed tough now, how about this... Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, as the vice alliance leader, lead a group of people to save them in black heaven first. Try your best to preserve the foundation of Great Wisdom grotto-heaven."


 "What?" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch stared with wide eyes, showing a difficult expression. to think that this matter still ended up being delegated to him, he quickly thought about it but found that he could not refuse, he gritted his teeth: "I... will go. But I am too weak and powerless, I do not want to ruin the expedition, I would like to borrow Lord Alliance Leader’s Dragon Palace. With it, I can definitely complete my mission!"


 But Wu Shuai shook his head: "I cannot lend Dragon Palace, I need it to heal my injuries."


 "Is that so..." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch wanted to speak.


 But Wu Shuai’s expression changed as he said grimly: "Everyone, the situation is urgent now, we cannot talk about it further. Great Wisdom grotto-heaven is only the first target, will your grotto-heavens remain untouched? You need to save yourselves! Were I not the alliance leader, when faced with this situation, would you surrender to them? Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, I order you to go save them immediately, you can choose five people here to go with you."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch felt a strong pressure pressing down on him. He could only lower his head and accept the order.


 He chose five Gu Immortals from among the people here, they were all rank eight Gu Immortals.


 These were all leaders of forces close to him, there was no choice, resisting Heavenly Court to save Great Wisdom grotto-heaven was too dangerous, he did not want to get into trouble from internal strife.


 However, right when they were about to move out, Great Wisdom Immortal Mother suddenly froze as she said dejectedly: "It’s too late, my Great Wisdom grotto-heaven has been completely taken down by Heavenly Court!"


 The Gu Immortals gasped in unison.


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother fell to the ground as she knelt before Wu Shuai, sobbing: "Please take revenge for me, Lord Alliance Leader. My tribe has been doing its best to collect the fragments of the Qian Kun Crystal Wall, we have more than fifty percent now! If we can find another ten percent, we will be able to excavate the racial inheritance of our inkman race!"


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother directly exposed the racial inheritance of her tribe, the intention was obvious, she was trying to use benefits to lure Wu Shuai!


 After hearing about the racial inheritance, the other Gu Immortals’ eyes started to shine.


 At this moment, another Gu Immortal shouted in panic: "Oh no, my grotto-heaven is being attacked by Heavenly Court. Quick, quick! Go and save it!"


 Wu Shuai looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch imposingly: "This is an urgent matter, aren’t you setting off?"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch gritted his teeth, he brought a number of Gu Immortals to return to immemorial black heaven.


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother and another pitiful Gu Immortal went back to reinforce the invaded grotto-heaven, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest also went there, within Dragon Palace, less than half the Gu Immortals were left.


 The remaining Gu Immortals had ugly expressions, most of them were shell shocked, after all, they could be the next target at any time.


 Wu Shuai ignored them, he ordered them to defend Xia clan’s base as he shut the door of Dragon Palace, attending to his ’injuries’.


 "These variant human Gu Immortals are truly not our match, hehe." Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was among the Gu Immortals, he was the only person here who had peace of mind.


 "All these grotto-heaven Gu Immortals don’t have any interaction during normal times, they even guard against each other and think that they should keep more secrets to themselves! With such precaution against each other, how can they make any change? Even if they work together, they are still a disunited bunch! My decision to join Heavenly Court was right after all."


 After this matter, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was even more sure of his intention to work for Heavenly Court.


 After parting with the immortals, he secretly informed Heavenly Court of this expedition.


 Wu Shuai had created the two heavens alliance agreement, there were restrictions upon it naturally. But the information path dao marks on Night Heavenly Wolf Lord had already been removed by Zhou Xiong Xin and the others, thus, even though he was a traitor, no backlash had occurred.


 In Heavenly Court’s Central Great Hall, Qin Ding Ling soon received news of this.


 She thought about it but did not inform Eastern Sea’s righteous path, instead she told Fang Zheng.


 Fang Zheng was already about to take down the second grotto-heaven, the remaining Gu Immortals in the grotto-heaven were still well hidden, Fang Zheng was anxious to find them.


 After thinking about it, he decided to ask Prince Feng Xian to stay here and clean up the situation. He would bring Demon Judgment Board to the third grotto-heaven and assault it!


 At the same time.


 Eastern Sea, qi sea.


 Qi Sea Ancestor had a pale expression, he sat at the main seat as he looked at Xia Rui Zhi and the rest.


 The representatives of Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces were all here.


 Qi Sea Ancestor looked at Xia Rui Zhi as he asked: "In this battle, I had the upper hand at first, but that Wu Shuai actually managed to use a human path method. This method was very powerful, it could create countless flying human figures. According to Wu Shuai, this is the foundation of your Xia clan, is it an artificial secluded domain of heaven and earth?"



***
Chapter 1991 Ancestor is Righteous and Mighty


***





 



 After Xia clan first supreme elder Xia Rui Zhi heard Qi Sea Ancestor’s question, he became shocked.


 After a while, he answered vigilantly: "Reporting to ancestor, my Xia clan was indeed creating an artificial human path secluded domain, it is called Human Sea. But this secluded domain does not have any offensive power. The reason why we created it was to deal with the future chaos and have a method to revive our Xia clan Gu Immortals."


 Xia Rui Zhi spoke vaguely but he did not lie. The reason why Xia clan was creating Human Sea was to revive their Gu Immortals.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, Fang Yuan remembered that when Xia clan’s Gu Immortals died outside, they were not truly dead, they could revive from Human Sea. Although their Immortal Gu and immortal aperture’s accumulations would be lost, they would still retain their cultivation level and immortal aperture itself.


 Eastern Sea’s Xia clan gained a huge reputation because of this, for the following period of time, they invaded Southern Border. Southern Border’s Gu Immortals fought against Xia clan, over time, they learned about Xia clan’s background and foundation, eventually, Chai clan mimicked Human Sea and created their own Human Mountain secluded domain.


 Qi Sea Ancestor stroked his beard: "It seems that the reason why Wu Shuai led the two heavens’ Gu Immortals to invade your Xia clan was because of this Human Sea secluded domain."


 All of the present Xia clan Gu Immortals looked at each other.


 Xia Rui Zhi frowned as he muttered: "Was my Xia clan invaded because information got leaked and the allure of the Human Sea secluded domain caused enemies to attack? But this Human Sea secluded domain has not been completed yet."


 Qi Sea Ancestor had a grim expression: "If Wu Shuai did not have a complete Human Sea secluded domain, does that mean that after he completes it, he will have an actual Human Sea and his human path killer move will be even stronger?"


 Xia Rui Zhi smiled: "Ancestor, don’t worry, the creation of Human Sea originated from an ancestor of my clan, it was refined by generations of descendants. Wu Shuai does not know of its profundity, if he tries to complete it, Human Sea will only dwindle and shrink."


 Qi Sea Ancestor shook his head: "Wu Shuai is an old monster of the past, he made use of Fang Yuan’s power to revive successfully, this person is too scheming and crafty, he takes action with certainty. Each time he strikes, he is resolute and will always make great gains. Since he knew about your Xia clan’s Human Sea secluded domain, he might also know a way to complete it."


 Xia Rui Zhi’s smile became more forced: "This possibility... is not likely. Only the top three supreme elders of my clan know about the creation method of Human Sea. Right now, they are all here, don’t tell me we have a traitor among us?"


 Qi Sea Ancestor sighed: "It might not be a traitor. Don’t forget that Wu Shuai controls Dragon Palace which has dream path killer moves, he might have targeted you in your dreams."


 "This..." Xia Rui Zhi’s smiling expression froze entirely.


 If it were any other path, Xia Rui Zhi would still feel some confidence. But against dream path methods, he could not be certain.


 "Lord Xia Rui Zhi, friends from Xia clan." At this time, a Tang clan Gu Immortal spoke: "Should you still be hiding it? You should tell us the creation method of Human Sea, let us refer to it and find out a weakness of Wu Shuai’s human path method."


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals were stunned.


 The creation method of Human Sea was the deepest foundation of Eastern Sea’s Xia clan, how could they expose it like this?


 Tang clan’s Gu Immortal was merely after Human Sea himself.


 Tang clan’s member chuckled: "Pardon my words, but friends from Xia clan, what are you still waiting for? Your territory has been lost, you want to create a brand new Human Sea secluded domain from scratch? Do you know what the most important thing is now? When ancestor and Wu Shuai fought, it ended in a draw because of that human path killer move. As long as we can deduce this human path killer move, would we have to fear Wu Shuai and his army? By then, wouldn’t you get back your homeland?"


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals gritted their teeth in anger.


 Tang clan was an Eastern Sea super force, they bordered Xia clan and had much conflict in usual times. Thus, they decided to make things difficult for Xia clan at this moment.


 However, even though they were causing problems intentionally, their words made sense.


 This was something even Xia clan’s Gu Immortals had to admit.


 Xia Rui Zhi thought about it before making up his mind: "The method to create Human Sea is our Xia clan’s secret, we will not announce it publicly. I am only willing to contribute this human path essence to ancestor alone!"


 Qi Sea Ancestor got injured from fighting Wu Shuai, Xia clan’s hopes were all on Qi Sea Ancestor now. Because the two heavens were led by Wu Shuai, Eastern Sea only had Qi Sea Ancestor able to resist the Evil Dragon and Dragon Palace collectively.


 Xia Rui Zhi was trying to gain Qi Sea Ancestor’s favor now, he was making plans for his own clan.


 But Qi Sea Ancestor shook his head: "I am only asking this to confirm the situation. Your Xia clan can keep this Human Sea creation method. I have no foundation in human path, even if I get it, I cannot deduce Wu Shuai’s methods."


 Xia Rui Zhi became anxious and wanted to speak but Qi Sea Ancestor waved his hand to interrupt: "Xia clan does not have to worry. Wu Shuai is a dragonman, the two heavens alliance is also made up of mostly variant humans, they are public enemies of the five regions! If they invaded the other four regions, so be it, but they chose Eastern Sea after all, so as a human, I will resist these variant humans with all my effort."


 "Ancestor is righteous and mighty!" The Gu Immortals present called out in unison.


 Qi Sea Ancestor added: "But now, I have injuries from the battle, I need to recuperate in closed cultivation. As for Wu Shuai, his injuries are more severe, he will not take action during this period of time, there is no need to worry."


 Qi Sea Ancestor paused before continuing: "When I recover, I will need you all to cooperate and gather an army to fight against the two heavens alliance."


 "We will listen to ancestor."


 "With ancestor leading us, Eastern Sea has nothing to worry!"


 "Without ancestor, Eastern Sea would have suffered great losses already. It is truly Eastern Sea’s blessing to have ancestor defending it, this is the blessing of the people."


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals continued to flatter him without stopping.


 But Xia Rui Zhi had a worried expression, he and Xia clan’s members were currently homeless. During this period, they could not reclaim Xia clan’s territory, where were they going to go now?


 Qi Sea Ancestor smiled lightly: "Before we attack, friends from Xia clan, you may stay in qi sea as guests."


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals instantly became overjoyed.


 Xia Rui Zhi cupped his fists and thanked: "Xia clan will remember ancestor’s warm hospitality, we will definitely repay you in the future."


 The other clans’ Gu Immortals looked at Xia clan’s Gu Immortals with different expressions now. Other than disdain and sympathy, they also felt envious and jealous.


 Was this Xia clan’s fortune after a disaster? They were able to stay closely with Qi Sea Ancestor, as time passes, their relationship would deepen, they would be able to gain the backing of a great expert!


 If they knew the truth, who knew what expression they would show.


 After finishing their discussion, Qi Sea Ancestor went to recuperate in closed cultivation, the other Eastern Sea Gu Immortals also went back to their bases to make preparations for the upcoming battle.


 Mermaid Lian Ke Xin was feeling nervous at the moment. The Merman Imperial Court had already joined the two heavens alliance, but Wu Shuai did not expose their identity, they were currently spies sent to gather information.


 Feeling the cold breeze in the sky, Lian Ke Xin calmed down slowly as sorrow emerged in her heart: "Now it seems that Eastern Sea will be peaceful for this period of time without any fighting. But this is the calm before the storm, sigh, during the battle in the future, I wonder what action my Merman Imperial Court should take?"


 Lian Ke Xin was one of the three immortals in charge of the Merman Imperial Court, she had high status and authority, but now she felt helpless and fearful.


 The five regional walls vanished, everyone knew that the five regions were going to become chaotic and turbulent.


 But the chaos had just started, Lian Ke Xin already felt like she was in treacherous waters, her future was bleak and dark, she could not see the light or hope of survival. If she was careless, then the entire Merman Imperial Court would even get completely devoured!


 After hearing the report, Shen Cong Sheng learned of Qi Sea Ancestor’s decision.


 "It seems that Eastern Sea is currently led by Qi Sea Ancestor after all." Shen Cong Sheng sighed: "If Ancestor Shen Shang returned, it would be different. Letting a secluded cultivator lead the entire righteous path..."


 Shen Cong Sheng shook his head.


 He had ambition, he wanted Shen clan to be the overlord of Eastern Sea, as the number one force.


 Different from the other righteous path clans, Shen clan had Shen Shang, he was someone who could compete with Qi Sea Ancestor.


 But Shen Shang’s whereabouts were unknown.


 Shen clan had searched for him with full effort but they made no discoveries.


 Shen Cong Sheng felt a huge headache regarding this: "Oh ancestor, where in the world are you?"


 At the same time.


 Divine Emperor City, painting path world.


 Hong Yi and Ye Fan walked side by side on the bustling street.


 At the corner of an alley, a group of muscular men surrounded a person as they kicked and punched.


 "Stop!" Hong Yi could not watch anymore, he quickly stopped them.


 After seeing the situation, Ye Fan was also furious: "Are you guys really hitting him? So many of you are bullying one beggar?"


 The group of muscular men turned around: "Stupid kids, don’t meddle in others’ affairs! This lunatic is courting death, he scared my young master’s precious horse to death, my clan’s young master also fell to the ground. We will not rest until we beat him to death."


 Hong Yi sighed: "You went overboard."


 Boom boom boom.


 Hong Yi and Ye Fan made their move, the group of muscular men were sent scrambling and escaping.


 The beggar was curled up on the ground, he was covered in bruises, his body shivered as he muttered nonsensical phrases.


 "He really is insane." Hong Yi sighed.


 "Sigh, even if he is crazy, he is still human. He did not mean to scare the horse, right?" Ye Fan also felt some pity: "Come, let’s help him, we can’t leave him here like this."


 The two brought the beggar into a secluded alley as they got him a few buns, placing it beside him.


 After that, they left.


 What they did not know was, after they left, the beggar regained his sanity.


 "Where am I?"


 "Damn it, the black fire wreaked havoc, I went mad again!"


 This beggar was the person that Shen clan had been desperately trying to find, Shen Shang.



***
Chapter 1992 Foundational Pillar of Human Path


***





 



 People on the streets moved continuously, shops on both sides had bright signs and attractive banners.


 "Wow! This is the world inside the painting. It is incredible! Everything seems so real!" Sun Yao’s body shook as her vision widened, after entering the painting, she could not help but shout in amazement.


 The surrounding people looked towards this young lady with perplexed gazes.


 But Sun Yao did not notice it, her eyes were wide open and shining as she looked around, filled with curiosity and excitement.


 Sun Yao was a Spirit Affinity House Gu Master, she was chosen as a Gu Immortal seed by the sect and was given much assistance.


 Spirit Affinity House’s original nominee was Feng Jin Huang, but because of Feng Jiu Ge’s betrayal, Qin Ding Ling hesitated.


 Spirit Affinity House thus changed their nominee, Sun Yao took over Feng Jin Huang’s position.


 However, the sect’s nurturing was different from what she expected. Spirit Affinity House only told Sun Yao about the background of this painting before sending her in.


 Sun Yao moved around the different shops on the streets, having a lot of fun.


 She had grown up in Spirit Affinity House, she only had senior brothers or sisters around her, they were all cultivators and according to the rules of the sect, they did not interact with the outside world very much.


 Everything that happened here was very exciting and interesting to her.


 She spent primeval stones to buy many sticks of candy, she ate them as she looked around.


 She saw paper-cutting artists in the alleys, where pieces of red paper were quickly transformed with scissors into life-like butterflies and flowers.


 She went into the theater to enjoy the opera, she saw the people with their painted faces, their exaggerated dresses, and their long, high-pitched singing.


 She stopped at a corner of the street and saw two strong men putting up a performance of smashing rocks on their chest.


 Suddenly, she was tapped on the shoulder.


 Sun Yao turned around and saw a young man, with a squarish face and an honest appearance.


 Before Sun Yao could open her mouth, this young man with an honest and righteous air smiled sheepishly and said: "Are you from the ten great ancient sects?"


 Sun Yao suddenly stared with wide eyes and exclaimed in surprise: "Senior brother, you too?"


 The young man then nodded his head and introduced himself with cupped fists: "I am Chen Da Jiang of Wind Cloud Manor."


 "So it’s Senior Brother Chen!" Sun Yao was shocked, she returned the greeting in succession. Chen Da Jiang was the current generation number one disciple of Wind Cloud Manor, Sun Yao had already learned of his name before this.


 Sun Yao had the feeling of seeing a celebrity. When Chen Da Jiang had first gained fame, she was nothing more than a follower of Feng Jin Huang.


 Like Sun Yao, Chen Da Jiang was a recommended candidate from Wind Cloud Manor and was sent to the world of the painting.


 The two of them met in a strange place, and even though it was only the first time they met, there was a natural closeness between them.


 "Senior Brother Chen, I wonder what other arrangements the sect has made by sending us here for training." Sun Yao inquired.


 Chen Da Jiang shook his head: "I don’t know anything about that either. I originally thought that by entering here, I would be able to get guidance on the next step of my cultivation. I didn’t expect that the sect would not have any arrangements."


 The two of them had a fruitless conversation and decided to travel in companionship.


 "Give me some food, please, our mother hasn’t eaten for three days."


 "Please give some money, please help us."


 "My father is gone, I am selling myself to raise money for his funeral, I beg for your help!"


 The two wandered aimlessly into a street, but all they saw were starving people, there were many yellow-skinned people leaning on the corner wall. Many people were begging, cupping their hands or holding up broken bowls.


 Pedestrians on the street, on the other hand, were in a hurry and avoided them, rarely stopping to give alms to anyone.


 "How is this happening? They are just two streets apart." Sun Yao was greatly surprised when she saw this scene.


 Chen Da Jiang analyzed: "This is the painting world of Divine Emperor City. Every major scene that happened in the history of Emperor City is merged into one painting. It looks like this is what happened in Emperor City during one of the famine disasters of history."


 Sun Yao couldn’t help but overflow with sympathy: "Senior Brother Chen, even though they are only people in the painting and not real existences, they are so pitiful, I still want to help them."


 Chen Da Jiang was impressed by Sun Yao’s words, he smiled readily: "This might sound funny, but I also have the same idea. Why don’t the two of us act together?"


 "Awesome!" Sun Yao jumped at the chance and agreed to do so.


 The two of them contributed money and effort, not only giving out primeval stones, but also purchasing porridge, buns, and other food to deliver to these beggars.


 "Kind people!"


 "Thank you, benefactors, we will never forget your act of kindness."


 "Benefactors, please allow me to follow you two in return for your kindness!"


 The people in distress were grateful and appreciative.


 Just then, a shrill voice cut in: "What are you guys doing?"


 When Sun Yao and Chen Da Jiang turned their heads, they saw a Gu Master wearing a white robe with a jade belt at his waist, his posture was as straight as a sword, an air of arrogance could be felt between his brows as he walked towards them.


 "So it’s Brother Xiao Qi Xing of Spirit Butterfly Valley!" Chen Da Jiang greeted with cupped fists.


 Sun Yao gasped, Xiao Qi Xing was also a well-known figure, she said in a panic: "Spirit Affinity House’s Sun Yao greets Brother Xiao."


 Xiao Qi Xing sized up Sun Yao: "Are you the candidate of Spirit Affinity House this time? It seems that Feng Jin Huang has indeed been suppressed, this is not surprising at all, her father has openly betrayed Heavenly Court, this outcome is only natural."


 As soon as this was said, Sun Yao frowned: "Senior Sister Feng wouldn’t care about these things."


 "Hehe, she is indeed arrogant. Pity, what a pity, a fallen phoenix is worse than a chicken." Xiao Qi Xing revealed a mocking smile: "You guys are actually helping these beggars again? They’re not real people, why are you doing this for?"


 "No reason, we just feel like helping them." Chen Da Jiang smiled.


 "Hehe, sympathy..." Xiao Qi Xing shook his head in disdain: "That means you don’t know the importance of this journey, you’re wasting your time here!"


 "Oh?" Chen Da Jiang’s eyes lit up: "What does Brother Xiao know?"


 Xiao Qi Xing looked at Chen Da Jiang: "There is no harm in telling you, this painting world is so vivid because it is the effect of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s contented lifestyle killer move. We were all nominated by our sects to be trained by Heavenly Court and sent here for further nurturing. As I’m sure you’ve noticed, there are also Gu Masters cultivating here, but they cultivate mainly human path."


 "What the sect wants is for us to cultivate human path. We will strive to ascend to become immortal using human path as our main path. Although this world is not real, the cultivation of human path is not fake. All the human path Gu worms we get from here can also be taken outside and used."


 "So that’s how it is!" Sun Yao’s eyes widened but soon she expressed some doubt: "But why didn’t the sect tell me?"


 Chen Da Jiang, on the other hand, simply asked: "Where did Brother Xiao learn about this inside information?"


 Xiao Qi Xing smiled slightly, he puffed out his chest and said proudly: "Even Spirit Butterfly Valley has not informed me of this inside information, I had gone to ask my great grandfather to find out."


 Chen Da Jiang nodded understandingly, seeing that Sun Yao was still puzzled, he explained: "Brother Xiao has a noble status and a wealth of knowledge, his great grandfather is Lord Gu Immortal Xiao Bai Hong."


 "Oh, so that’s how it is." Sun Yao’s gaze towards Xiao Qi Xing changed again.


 "Alright, I have to head to the military base now and join the city guards. I’ve already investigated it, only city guards can get soldier Gu, sergeant Gu, lieutenant Gu, captain Gu, and others. These human path Gu worms are very useful, they can build a strong foundation in our human path cultivation. We should go together, we can take care of each other." Xiao Qi Xing suggested again.


 But Chen Da Jiang shook his head, "Brother Xiao, go first, I’m not done helping the beggars here."


 Xiao Qi Xing looked at Chen Da Jiang and nodded: "You’re still the same as before, so what about you?"


 He looked at Sun Yao.


 Sun Yao hesitated and shook her head as well: "No, Senior Brother Xiao, I... I plan to help Senior Brother Chen."


 "Haha." Xiao Qi Xing laughed as he showed a smile with deep meaning: "Then I will not disturb the two of you in your good work."


 He left straight away, laughing coldly in his heart: "These two idiots have no idea what kind of opportunities they are missing out on!"


 Xiao Qi Xing could not help but recall the words that his great grandfather had instructed him: "Oh Qi Xing, this trip into the painting world is an unimaginably great opportunity. If possible, you can even inherit Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance and become the Lord of Divine Emperor City. You must do your best to grasp this opportunity! Remember, you must hurry up. You are only the first batch of candidates, Heavenly Court will also arrange for some rank six Gu Immortals to enter next. These people are also elites that Heavenly Court is focusing on nurturing, but the qi tides have not settled yet and they are all still resting and recuperating."


 "After you enter the painting world, you will have to race against time and try to establish an early advantage so that you can deal with those Gu Immortal opponents in the future. Don’t be afraid, these Gu Immortals can only follow the rules in the painting world. Inside it, immortals and mortals are basically equals."


 Xiao Qi Xing’s heart beat rapidly every time he recalled these words.


 This was an unparalleled opportunity, of course he wanted to grasp it!


 Sun Yao and Chen Da Jiang did not know the inside story, so Xiao Qi Xing wanted to coax them to help himself out. It was a pity that these two actually wanted to do good deeds, they were really not qualified to work with him. Xiao Qi Xing saw through this and was unwilling to waste precious time and energy on them.


 "We brought steamed buns and porridge, eat slowly and don’t choke." Sun Yao placed a bowl of porridge and steamed buns in front of Shen Shang.


 Shen Shang was still covered in injuries and resembled a beggar, sitting in the shade at the corner like a stone statue.


 Sun Yao also did not pay attention to it, after all, there were many such silent beggars. She did this to help others, not for the sake of listening to some words of gratitude and praise.


 Shen Shang’s eyes contained bright light as he looked at Sun Yao who was close to him, and also at the back of Xiao Qi Xing, who was about to disappear in the distance of the street.


 "These people are all Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal seeds. In order to face the tides of the great era, Heavenly Court has made long-term plans."


 "Xiao Bai Hong is too shortsighted and doesn’t even know that he has harmed his own great-grandson. Sun Yao and Chen Da Jiang were previously kept in the dark, but now, although they learned some of the inside story, they still upheld their nature and acted according to their desires. These two will definitely benefit greatly if they continue."


 Shen Shang thought to himself. Although these three people were transmitting their conversations, they could not hide it from a character like Shen Shang.


 Shen Shang sighed in his heart.


 "Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s arrangement is truly vast and grand, I really admire him."


 "In history, the greatest human path true inheritance is \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e. Even though this book seems shallow, it is profound to the limit, only a small group of people can actually comprehend its true essence and create human path killer moves."


 "However, to establish a path, these killer moves are too few and rare, they are like the moon beyond the clouds, normal people cannot reach them. Even though human path has such great potential, it has no foundations set upon it, it is unable to develop until now."


 "But Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable created this painting world, he used the scenes of the mortal world for the past million years to derive the foundations of human path. He is making an immense contribution towards the development of human path! He is truly the foundational pillar of human path."


 "The human path developments here are also very helpful to me. I wonder what happened when I was in a state of madness, how did I end up in here?"


 "It is a pity I cannot contact Fang Yuan’s Fang Di Chang clone. What is happening over on his end?"


 Shen Shang was the one who had previously collaborated with Fang Di Chang and successfully unraveled the venerables’ human path methods, adding a significant weight to tilt the balance of the battle in the fate war.


 Shen Shang knew that Fang Di Chang had refined Divine Bean Palace before, he had a large level of authority over it. If they could collaborate once again, it would benefit both of them!



***
Chapter 1993 Fang Yuan Within The Mis


***





 



 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Southern Border.


 In a valley, Shi Shi Cheng leaned over to check out the stone mushrooms within the valley.


 If these stone mushrooms were in good condition, they would be five feet tall, shaped like a small tree with a cover like an umbrella. However, these stone mushrooms were short, just like stumps left behind after a tree was cut down. And instead of a healthy gray stone color, their bodies were covered in a distorted multicolored color, and one could tell at a glance that they were not normal.


 "These stone mushrooms are ruined!" After Shi Shi Cheng finished his inspection and confirmed this, his expression was quite ugly.


 Although his cultivation was only rank six, he was valued by Fang Yuan and arranged to lead the rockman tribe in Mini Southern Border. Shi Shi Cheng held Fang Yuan in high esteem and was dedicated to developing the rockman tribe, in order to live up to Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 This stone mushroom field was a medium-sized resource point that he had personally constructed for the sake of the rockman tribe. In order to build this resource point, Shi Shi Cheng had specifically requested many immortal materials from Fang Yuan’s time path clone as the initial investment. At that time, he even vowed and guaranteed that there would be desirable returns!


 As a result, reality was like a slap in the face of Shi Shi Cheng.


 "What is happening?"


 "I clearly followed the records of the tribe to carefully cultivate the stone mushrooms without any mistakes."


 Shi Shi Cheng was very confused. A few days ago, these stone mushrooms were all growing normally and everything was fine. But after a few days had passed, these stone mushrooms had become like this.


 "How can I explain this to Lord Fang Yuan?!" Shi Shi Cheng furrowed his brows and sighed.


 At this moment, light flashed and Fang Yuan’s will was transmitted over in mid-air.


 The will was solid and lifelike.


 Shi Shi Cheng gasped and immediately bowed: "Subordinate pays respect to lord."


 "Mm." Fang Yuan’s will waved his hand: "I already know about your situation here, the stone mushroom field was destroyed, no one can blame you, it was a natural disaster. You should go back for now, another batch of immortal materials will arrive in a while, and you can just build a second stone mushroom valley."


 Shi Shi Cheng was overjoyed and thanked him, but also wanted to say something.


 Fang Yuan’s will revealed an understanding smile: "Are you thinking of asking what caused these stone mushrooms to be destroyed?"


 Shi Shi Cheng nodded: "Lord is perceptive, I would like to ask if these stone mushrooms can still be recycled in some way? It would be a pity to just throw them away."


 The initial investment in building the stone mushroom valley was huge, it was certainly nothing in Fang Yuan’s eyes, but in Shi Shi Cheng’s opinion, it was an astronomical investment. Together with the effort and time he had invested in this place, he did not want to see all his efforts go up in smoke.


 But Fang Yuan shook his head: "You don’t need to think about the details, if I can solve it, you will have no worries. If I can’t solve it, it’s useless for you to know. As for these stone mushrooms, none of them can be used, even if they are used as materials to refine Gu, they will only cause more harm instead. You can leave now."


 "Yes, my lord!" Shi Shi Cheng took his leave respectfully, he was worried in his heart: "Why do we have such a big problem? According to his tone, it may not be possible to resolve the matter?"


 Shi Shi Cheng left, only Fang Yuan’s will remained in this valley.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim.


 He scanned the entire valley first, the countless stone mushrooms in the valley had become twisted objects, the originally smooth surface forming countless creases. The colors were bright, like a gathering of poisonous creatures, giving people a sense of terror.


 This was of course just the appearance.


 In Fang Yuan’s eyes, he could see that the original earth path dao marks in these stone mushrooms had been disrupted and washed away, many different dao marks from other paths, including wind path, lightning path, poison path, dark path, fire path, and so on, were added instead.


 Because of this, these stone mushrooms could only be discarded as waste material. At least currently, Fang Yuan had no means to utilize them.


 "Heaven’s will!" Fang Yuan’s will suddenly sneered and discovered heaven’s will lurking in the valley.


 With a loud sound, he transformed into a field of clouds and mist that covered the entire valley, pursuing and intercepting heaven’s will.


 A confrontation between wills soon came to an end. Fang Yuan was victorious, he had managed to completely clear the heaven’s will lurking in this place, but of course, the price paid was not small.


 After his will had gathered again, it was no longer as lifelike as before, but illusory as a shadow, giving the impression like it was going to fade away at any moment.


 Fang Yuan sighed.


 This victory only resolved the problem but not its fundamental cause, a new problem would occur again!


 The stone mushroom valley was not just an isolated case, recently, there had been heaven’s will lurking all over the sovereign immortal aperture, many resource points had been destroyed.


 Fang Yuan’s main body had obtained more than three thousand heaven path dao marks as he was the person refining Gu, managing to destroy fate Gu for good.


 These dao marks did not belong to him and were imposed on him. The heaven path dao marks transformed on their own, causing the various environments of the sovereign immortal aperture to change, becoming more and more balanced and stable.


 In the long run, this change would naturally do more good than harm, greatly increasing the development potential of the sovereign immortal aperture. However, if one looked at the immediate future, it would cause Fang Yuan to suffer heavy losses.


 Fang Yuan was not a super force, all his possessions were in the sovereign immortal aperture. A great loss in this foundation of his would definitely affect his battle performance. Fang Yuan did not want to fall into the trap of Red Lotus Demon Venerable, he had been working hard to command the humans and variant humans in the grotto-heaven, constantly fighting against natural disasters. At the same time, he had successively retrieved the thousand wish tree and the incomplete Human Sea, using human path to restrict the heaven path effects.


 With such a two-pronged approach, the situation of sovereign immortal aperture was greatly improved. However, Fang Yuan did not expect that the natural development of the heaven path dao marks would produce heaven’s will after some point.


 The Heavenly Dao was impartial, it had no malicious intent against Fang Yuan, changing the environment was just a natural step of development. But this was not the case for heaven’s will.


 Heaven’s will was produced from the Heavenly Dao, it was more flexible and resourceful. The Heavenly Dao was unable to eliminate Fang Yuan, the otherworldly demon that affected the balance of the world, so heaven’s will went one step further and began deliberately destroying the various resource points in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Heaven path dao marks could transform into other paths, so heaven’s will used this ability to completely disrupt the dao marks of the various resource points, turning them from orderly to a complete mess.


 Stone mushroom valley was just one of them.


 "I have the killer move heaven’s will dissipation, but the sovereign immortal aperture is too huge, the Heavenly Dao is constantly deriving new changes, it can produce heaven’s will anywhere in the entire grotto-heaven. It is too difficult for me to clear out all this heaven’s will! Even if I do my best, the efficiency is low."


 Fang Yuan was clear that the way to settle the fundamental cause was to directly refine these heaven path dao marks, so that they truly belonged to the sovereign immortal aperture and himself.


 But what the method to go about it was, he had no idea.


 He had never heard of anyone cultivating heaven path before! The only known way was to use human path methods to suppress heaven path.


 Fang Yuan thought for a long time and found two possible ways out.


 The first one was Emperor City.


 "Emperor City was carefully arranged by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it has now become the sacred land of human path. If I can obtain it, I will definitely be able to greatly restrain the Heavenly Dao."


 The second way was in Crazed Demon Cave.


 "Crazed Demon Cave was set up by Limitless Demon Venerable in his later years, the eighth layer contains the derivations of the Heavenly Dao. In Crazed Demon Cave, the demonic sounds are rampant, driving lifeforms mad, all kinds of immortal materials turn into trash as dao marks are messed up. The situation is exactly the same as the stone mushrooms and other resources. If I can grasp all the secrets of Crazed Demon Cave, I should be able to improve my situation."


 But these were two dangerous options.


 Emperor City was located in the center of Central Continent, if Fang Yuan were to go there, he would definitely have to fight Heavenly Court. With his current strength, he would be able to defeat Heavenly Court. However! Fang Yuan’s fear was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable and Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had schemed against him, causing him to lose his clone Fang Di Chang. When using luck inspection earlier, he did not find Fang Di Chang’s luck, it was likely that he had perished, the likelihood of his death was great.


 Red Lotus Demon Venerable also schemed against him, if not for the heaven path dao marks, how could heaven’s will be produced in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture? Of course, Red Lotus was also plotting against Spectral Soul. The heaven path dao marks were both dangerous and also a fortuitous encounter for Fang Yuan, it was also his protection. At the least, Spectral Soul could not use his hidden methods because of these dao marks.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to take Emperor City, he would have to face the methods of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable and Red Lotus Demon Venerable.


 As for Crazed Demon Cave?


 It was also filled with danger.


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics had promised to join the fate war to Fang Yuan, but during the battle, none of them had shown up. Fang Yuan had tried to contact them, but they had completely vanished.


 What happened in Crazed Demon Cave that caused the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics to mysteriously disappear?


 Fang Yuan guessed that Longevity Heaven might have taken action. Fang Yuan realized that the consumption of wisdom Gu was part of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s scheme. Giant Sun’s single attack also made Fang Yuan realize that he was keeping some trump cards after all.


 Now that fate Gu was destroyed, it was possible for venerables to revive. If Fang Yuan went to Crazed Demon Cave, it was likely that he would need to face the methods of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Limitless Demon Venerable.


 There was one more thing that worried Fang Yuan, there were changes happening in the River of Time.


 Ever since the destruction of fate Gu, the water of the River of Time had become extremely violent, vicious and dangerous. Even if Fang Yuan used Myriad Year Flying Warship, he could only barely enter the river and last for a moment before having to return to the five regions, he was unable to explore it for long.


 Fang Yuan understood the reason.


 In the past, the River of Time could move forward smoothly because everything was fixed, everything moved according to the path set by fate, no matter what existed, they had a specific trajectory of life experiences. This was why time path Gu Immortals could often "predict" things by watching the downstream segments. Red Lotus Demon Venerable was able to plot the destruction of fate Gu by observing the downstream events and learning many secrets of the future.


 But now, once fate Gu was destroyed, everything no longer had a fixed path and could change at will. As a result, the River of Time has become extremely violent, everything has become turbid and chaotic.


 With such a change in the River of Time, Spring Autumn Cicada could no longer be used for the time being.


 Before, Spring Autumn Cicada could move through the river because the water was gentle. Now that the river had become violent and chaotic, once Spring Autumn Cicada was activated and entered the river, it would definitely be smashed to pieces by the river water. Unless Fang Yuan developed some other killer move that could use Spring Autumn Cicada.


 "Although the river water is troublesome, it’s actually not a big problem. What I’m really worried about is still Red Lotus Demon Venerable. He’s the one who had built the stone lotus islands in the River of Time. I don’t know what other arrangements he has in the River of Time."


 Fate Gu was destroyed at long last, Fang Yuan had finally gotten free of the Sword of Damocles hanging above his head.


 However, the journey ahead of him was filled with mist, he was walking in a dangerous valley. Within the mist, which area could be explored, which area would lead to a cliff?


 Would his path to eternal life, his lifelong ambition, be hidden within the mist?


 If it existed, where would it be?



***
Chapter 1994 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch Fights Fang Zheng


***





 



 In immemorial black heaven, a group of Gu Immortals were traveling stealthily as they flew continuously.


 These Gu Immortals had outstanding cultivation level, they were all rank eight variant human Gu Immortals. The leader was a Gu Immortal with pale skin and blue hair, he had a grim expression, it was Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had received orders from Wu Shuai to reinforce the headquarters of the grotto-heavens, to resist the invasion of Heavenly Court.


 Along the way, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s heart was filled with worry: "This is not the same as my expectations... I made Wu Shuai the alliance leader so that he would be the vanguard. But in the end, to deal with Heavenly Court, I was the one sent out instead."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had the intention to reject this order, but the situation back then did not allow him to use any excuses.


 "Wu Shuai suffered injuries against Qi Sea Ancestor, in a way, he was indeed used by us to resist Qi Sea Ancestor."


 "As the vice alliance leader, I need to put in some effort too. It makes logical sense for me to reinforce them in black heaven."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch did not want to face Heavenly Court directly.


 Regardless of win or loss, he would become an eyesore from Heavenly Court’s perspective.


 Currently, he wanted Wu Shuai to attract the attention of the enemies. But the world was not as simple as he thought, society was vicious to everyone, right now, he was pushed forward as the vanguard.


 "I am truly unable to go against the tides!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch sighed deeply to himself.


 He definitely had to go save them, but the way to go about it was something that he could determine himself.


 "Vice alliance leader, we found a large number of Gu Immortals ahead." The investigative Gu Immortal suddenly spoke: "They are our allies."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch nodded in response, unsurprised: "Go meet with them."


 Even though Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch regretted his vice alliance leader position, it was already too late now, he could only take full advantage of the authority he had.


 Before setting off, he had already used his status as vice alliance leader to order the remaining grotto-heaven forces to help each other out, in order to chase away Heavenly Court, they had to contribute their strength.


 The two groups of Gu Immortals gathered, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch looked at the reinforcements, he felt rage building internally.


 Chaotic Rock grotto-heaven sent an immemorial rock monster, Rotten Egg grotto-heaven sent six eggman Gu Immortals, they could form the ancient battle formation, Rotting Smell Vicious Cloud formation, while Strange Hair grotto-heaven brought an incomplete Immortal Gu House, Black Emperor Building. These three grotto-heaven forces that were close to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch brought their trump cards along with them, but other than them, the other forces were simply not putting in effort. Especially those human forces, they only dispatched several rank seven Gu Immortals without much sincerity.


 "The enemy is right ahead but these grotto-heaven forces are still trying to preserve their strength! Sigh, grotto-heavens are too far apart, we do not have much interaction normally, even if we cooperate, it is only due to external pressure."


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s anger soon turned into helplessness and dejectedness.


 "In that case, I should conceal my own strength too, let’s just put up a superficial show. After all, the people I brought amount to quite a force already."


 Heavenly Court was powerful, if possible, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch did not want to face them head-on. He knew his own limits, if he really charged forward fearlessly, he might not return alive.


 While Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was thinking about this, his expression changed as his eyes widened, almost spewing fires of rage!


 The other Gu Immortals saw Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s expression and turned around.


 Someone asked: "Vice alliance leader, what happened? Have Xia clan’s headquarters fallen?"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch gritted his teeth: "Xia clan’s headquarters have Lord Alliance Leader, how can they fall! My grotto-heaven has been invaded by Demon Judgment Board, my tribe’s Gu Immortals are currently fighting them to the death, we need to reinforce them now!"


 "This..." Great Wisdom Immortal Mother was still thinking of saving her grotto-heaven, she was hesitant.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch stared at her: "Your grotto-heavens have already fallen into the enemy’s hands, the outcome has been decided. But my Ice Crystal grotto-heaven is still resisting them, there is hope. We need to return to reinforce them immediately, if anyone does not help, I will report it to Lord Alliance Leader Wu Shuai!"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch made use of Wu Shuai’s name, and because the variant human Gu Immortals close to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch expressed their support, Great Wisdom Immortal Mother and the rest had to follow this order.


 The immortals did not conceal their traces anymore, they flew towards Ice Crystal grotto-heaven with their fastest speed.


 The grotto-heaven entrance opened as Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch flew in anxiously, while the rest followed.


 Ice Crystal grotto-heaven was already in chaotic battle, Demon Judgment Board flew around like a meteor, slaughtering everything in its path, totally unstoppable.


 The rank six and seven snowman Gu Immortals in Ice Crystal grotto-heaven were nowhere to be seen, they were controlling the formation to unleash a blizzard on Demon Judgment Board, but the effect was very minimal.


 Suddenly, Demon Judgment Board shot out a sharp blood red light that landed on the control area of the formation.


 The snowman Gu Immortals quickly put up their defenses, the blood red light seemed to be reflected by a mirror as it changed directions and shot elsewhere.


 Boom!


 There was a loud sound as heaven and earth shook, the blood red light exploded as the sky turned red. For the radius of several thousand li, the snowy and icy plain got completely obliterated.


 "Ah, my blizzard icy plain!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch saw this and became overwhelmed with anger.


 This icy plain was the largest gathering spot of the snowman race in Ice Crystal grotto-heaven, now that it was destroyed, nearly ten million ordinary snowmen died a terrible death.


 The blizzard icy plain carried special significance to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch personally.


 His coming-of-age ceremony was held in this blizzard icy plain.


 Back then, his father had brought the young Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch to the periphery of the icy plain.


 "You are an adult now, my son. The icy plain you see here is the location of your trial. You need to survive seven days here to pass the trial, you will be qualified to become a Gu Master and awaken your aperture."


 The young Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch looked at this vast plain and felt lost, fear appeared in his eyes.


 His father observed his expression and said: "Fear is normal because you might likely die here. The trial is fair, you need to experience the danger of death in order to be qualified to become a Gu Master. Even as a Gu Immortal, I cannot protect you from this, I can only give you a suggestion."


 "What is that?" The young Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch asked.


 "It is too difficult to live alone in the icy plain for seven days, there is barely any hope." His father shook his head: "But there are many snowman tribes in this icy plain, if you can follow the traces to find them, they will protect you."


 "But I don’t know these people." The young Ice Crystal was worried.


 His father explained meticulously: "Don’t worry, the snowman tribes will protect every person who is stranded, because these people will end up protecting the entire race in the end. They will definitely help you, my son, if you succeed the trial, regardless of your achievements, you will need to protect our entire race. This is how a snowman lives!"


 As expected, the young Ice Crystal survived for three days and nights in the icy plain, chasing after the traces of snowmen tribes.


 At the moment of life and death, he crawled his way to a hunter’s tribe near the periphery and was discovered, managing to survive.


 The tribe took him in and healed him for free, welcoming him to become a member of their tribe.


 Even though the young Ice Crystal left in the end, his experiences in that tribe were deeply etched into his heart, it affected him for the rest of his life until now.


 After he became rank eight and inherited the title of Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, becoming the owner of the grotto-heaven, he developed the blizzard icy plain and made the sparse icy plain grow abundant with resources, the lives of the snowmen living in it improved greatly, their numbers increased gradually.


 But now, it was all ruined!


 All ruined.


 By a killer move of a strong foe that affected the entire blizzard icy plain.


 Not only were Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s efforts ruined entirely, his memories also became just memories now, he could no longer find them in real life.


 Anger and hatred rose in his heart, burning intensely.


 For a moment, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch became silent, he took in a deep breath.


 The air in Ice Crystal grotto-heaven was always so cold, it was still extremely cold now.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch suddenly remembered his father’s teachings: "The tribe will definitely help you, my son, if you succeed in the trial, regardless of your achievements, you will need to protect our entire race. This is how a snowman lives!" "


 Indeed.


 It is time for me to protect my race.


 Rumble!


 At the next moment, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s aura erupted, creating an intense blizzard as he charged towards Demon Judgment Board.


 All of the Gu Immortals behind him were shocked.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was actually so courageous!


 "Reinforcements from the two heavens are here." Inside Demon Judgment Board, Gu Yue Fang Zheng took in a deep breath as his expression turned grim.


 Many people had arrived, among which were various rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was only rank seven but he was not flustered, all of his battles before this had tempered his own confidence and determination.


 But the bigger reason was also the fact that he had absolute confidence in the rank eight Immortal Gu House, Demon Judgment Board!


 "You created a grand commotion, but can you fight Demon Judgment Board?" Gu Yue Fang Zheng smiled coldly, instead of using any killer move, he directly used Demon Judgment Board to charge ahead.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch gritted his teeth, he was forced to retreat.


 He was an ice and snow path Gu Immortal, he did not cultivate transformation path or strength path, how could he resist an Immortal Gu House with his body?


 "Let’s join the battle too!"


 "Quick, work together and help vice alliance leader."


 The two heavens alliance shouted and attacked at once.


 Seeing this, Gu Yue Fang Zheng moved Demon Judgment Board away to retreat from them, pulling some distance agilely.


 Blood red light flickered in Demon Judgment Board, killer moves were unleashed. The immemorial rock monster became slower, the eggman Gu Immortals were covered in blood, they had to save themselves instead of assembling the ancient battle formation. The incomplete Black Emperor Building from Strange Hair grotto-heaven was also waiting at the back, not daring to contest Demon Judgment Board directly.


 The other Gu Immortals were even less useful, even though there were many rank eight Gu Immortals, they were all scared about losing their lives, only using long ranged killer moves instead. Once the enemy got close, they would prioritize escaping first.


 It was a disunited bunch!


 This phrase appeared in Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s mind, he felt angry and anxious.


 Ice Crystal grotto-heaven had nothing to do with them, they would not risk their lives for it. The only person that Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch could rely on now was himself.


 "I can only use that move now!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch made up his mind.


 "Master, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group is about to lose, should we help them?" Soul path Gu Immortal An Xun asked Spectral Soul secretly.


 On this occasion, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven sent him here, Spectral Soul came along and lurked in secret.


 "Hehehe, they fought like this despite having so many rank eight Gu Immortals. The two heavens alliance is a joke." Spectral Soul laughed: "No need to be anxious, that Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch has other tricks up his sleeve, let’s wait for now."



***
Chapter 1995 Extreme Ice Crystal Light Immortal Suppression Coffin


***





 



 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch floated in the sky, his aura surged continuously as his clothes fluttered with the wind.


 Around him, countless traces of frost energy gathered, whipping up a storm.


 Such power surpassed ordinary rank eight killer moves, once Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch succeeded in activating it, the power would definitely shake heaven and earth. Fang Zheng sensed this, he wanted to use Demon Judgment Board to obstruct it.


 "Let’s lend Ice Crystal a hand!"


 "Stop Demon Judgment Board!"


 The Gu Immortals of the two heavens were not that useless after all, they quickly went ahead to block Demon Judgment Board.


 At once, all sorts of killer moves were unleashed, it was like a display of fireworks.


 Demon Judgment Board was obstructed by the bombarding killer moves, but at the crucial moment, a flash of blood red light shot out, about to land on Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was still activating his killer move, he did not move.


 At the crucial moment, An Xun opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and let out an immemorial soul beast.


 The immemorial soul beast moved quickly, standing in front of Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and blocking the blood red light entirely.


 With a loud sound, an explosion occurred.


 The immemorial soul beast growled in pain, half of its body was destroyed, it fell towards the ground.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch immediately looked towards An Xun with gratitude. The aura on his body was calming down, he had evidently passed the most dangerous moment, his killer move preparation was already done.


 "Immemorial soul beasts have no blood, Demon Judgment Board’s blood path killer move had little effect." An Xun was very excited as he said: "Master, if not for your reminder, I would not have been able to block this blood red light, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch would have been in trouble."


 "No." Spectral Soul analyzed: "The killer move that Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch is using contains deep profundity, during the activation process, he gains an increased level of defense, even if he was hit, he would only be injured, the killer move activation would not fail."


 "Heavenly Court! I’ll let you have a taste of my race’s unique killer move — Extreme Ice Crystal Light Immortal Suppression Coffin!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch shouted as all of the aura surging around him became completely concealed.


 At the next moment, his entire body exploded and spread out into countless frost lights.


 The frost lights shot out with extreme coldness! Everywhere they went, air would freeze into ice crystals before falling to the ground.


 Fang Zheng felt something amiss, he wanted to activate Demon Judgment Board but how could his speed match the frost lights?


 Almost at the same moment, Demon Judgment Board got hit by countless extreme ice crystal lights.


 Crack crack.


 Every crystal light that hit Demon Judgment Board turned into a small piece of ice attached to Demon Judgment Board.


 Countless crystal lights shot towards it from all directions, Demon Judgment Board had nowhere to dodge, instantly, layers of ice started to form all over it.


 Fang Zheng’s heart sank, he activated Demon Judgment Board and used a killer move to melt the ice layers.


 But his speed could not match the rate at which the freezing was occurring, very soon, ice that was five feet thick formed all over Demon Judgment Board.


 "Oh no, the thicker this ice layer is, the greater the effect of the frost lights that land!" Discovering this, Fang Zheng turned pale with shock.


 This move was unavoidable from the start, it was quite powerful, but its true strength came much later. The longer it dragged on, the stronger this move would be!


 Fang Zheng quickly tried to move Demon Judgment Board, expending the remaining rank eight immortal essence to activate Demon Judgment Board’s strongest killer move.


 Blood red light spread out, a layer of ice quickly melted.


 Next, the frost lights seemed to react, they quickly went towards the area that Fang Zheng was trying to break out from and made Demon Judgment Board’s ability much weaker.


 The Gu Immortals were all stunned.


 "Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch is actually so powerful!"


 "He actually sealed Heavenly Court’s rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board with his own strength!"


 "This is incredible, what is the name of the move?"


 "Extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin!"


 At once, all of the immortals muttered the name of this killer move, engraving it to their heart.


 "This is the unique killer move of the snowmen from ancient times, hehe, to think that they have actually obtained a racial inheritance already." Spectral Soul who was inside An Xun laughed lightly.


 An Xun understood after hearing this: "So this is a move from the snowman racial inheritance, no wonder it is so strong! Wait, no, can ancient killer moves still be used in the current era? The world now is very different from the past, wouldn’t such antique moves be outdated already?"


 "Hehehe." Spectral Soul chuckled: "Back then when variant humans ruled the world, they had countless killer moves, those moves that were specially chosen to be kept in their racial inheritances are naturally more outstanding in many ways. Taking this extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin for example, its core is not an Immortal Gu but the variant human using it."


 Spectral Soul’s depth of knowledge was not ordinary, he had once searched countless souls in the Door of Life and Death. Many of these souls came from the Olden Antiquity or Remote Antiquity Era, some were even from the Immemorial Antiquity Era.


 Thus, Spectral Soul had a lot of information about these eras.


 Even though his attainment levels had all fallen to rock bottom, his memories were still intact.


 Like what Spectral Soul said, extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin was somewhat similar to Wu Yong’s unlimited wind killer move. When using unlimited wind, Wu Yong would expend his own wind path dao marks. As for extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin, not only would it consume Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s ice and snow path dao marks, it would also cost him his lifespan.


 As the core killer move of the snowman Gu Immortals, extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin was not very affected by the progression of eras. At the same time, any other races’ Gu Immortals could not use this move even if they had it.


 Fang Zheng’s forehead was already covered in sweat.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch displayed battle strength that far surpassed Fang Zheng’s expectations. The great Demon Judgment Board was actually sealed in ice, there was little hope of escaping.


 Even if Fang Zheng wanted to fight Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, he had no way to do so.


 Because Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had already turned into countless frost lights, this was the superiority of extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin killer move.


 Seeing as Demon Judgment Board was about to be completely sealed in ice, at this time, a phoenix cry could be heard.


 Following a loud sound of crashing waves, Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui arrived.


 It turned out that while fighting Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, Fang Zheng had already informed Heavenly Court’s Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui.


 Bai Cang Shui was originally cleaning up the battlefield, she could leave immediately. As for Prince Feng Xian, he gave up some gains there and rapidly came to reinforce Fang Zheng.


 The two rank eight Gu Immortals saw Demon Judgment Board which was trapped, they shouted as one unleashed torrents of golden flames, while the other sent out huge waves.


 The ice was attacked from the inside and outside, it could not last any longer as the external layer of ice quickly cracked, Demon Judgment Board which was inside got ready to retaliate.


 The two heavens’ Gu Immortals saw this and wanted to attack but Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui suppressed them instead.


 Even though they had many more rank eights than Heavenly Court, it did not matter.


 In Gu Immortal battles, numbers were not the most crucial. Even though the two heavens had many people, they could not cooperate, their killer moves often interfered with each other. About half of their strength was limited because of this, even before they hit any enemies.


 But if they were to fight alone, they would be fearful and cowardly, they would focus on preserving their own lives, unwilling to take any risk or get into danger.


 Of course, the other reason was that Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui were elite rank eights with excellent battle strength. They were able to become Heavenly Court members, they naturally surpassed other rank eights.


 The situation was in a deadlock, Spectral Soul acutely sensed that the ice layer was weakening, he instructed An Xun: "Quickly let out the soul beast army, lend your Immortal Gu to me now."


 "Yes master!" An Xun did not hesitate, he quickly followed the instructions.


 The soul beast army came out and attacked.


 Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui did not care about them at first, they used two killer moves in succession, but the soul beast army split up and moved fluidly like water, dodging most of the killer moves’ effects.


 Next, from the soul beast army, three immemorial soul beasts flew out to attack Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui.


 As the two sides fought, the immemorial soul beasts were naturally unable to resist the two Heavenly Court immortals, but the immemorial soul beasts had the army to support them, at crucial moments, killer moves would help them out as well.


 Even though Bai Cang Shui and Prince Feng Xian had the upper hand, the soul beast army successfully restrained them. They could not help Demon Judgment Board like before, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s frost lights began to regain their footing.


 "This soul path rank seven immortal is quite talented!"


 "I will go kill him!"


 Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui communicated, the former moved as he spit fire, creating a path within the soul beast army as he charged towards An Xun.


 An Xun ’turned pale with fright’, shouting: "He is coming, protect me!"


 The two heavens’ Gu Immortals knew that enslavement Gu Immortals were most vulnerable to direct attack, they quickly responded.


 Prince Feng Xian charged without stopping, he broke through all of the obstacles, but because of these obstruction, An Xun managed to pull some distance between them.


 "You cannot escape." Prince Feng Xian smiled coldly as he charged again.


 Spectral Soul would not personally take action in this public environment, he controlled An Xun’s body to retreat while using the other Gu Immortals to obstruct Prince Feng Xian.


 Prince Feng Xian’s advancement was ferocious, the two heavens’ immortals were all shocked by his aggressiveness.


 But Bai Cang Shui shouted: "Feng Xian, quickly kill him."


 Prince Feng Xian gritted his teeth, he did not expect An Xun to be so hard to catch.


 At this time, the frost light successfully trapped Demon Judgment Board again, the thick ice coffin sealed the rank eight Immortal Gu House at its center.


 "Oh no!" Seeing this, Bai Cang Shui and Prince Feng Xian’s hearts sank.


 Seeing that Heavenly Court’s side was in danger, at this time, heaven and earth shook, qi currents surged as the world roared.


 "Qi tide again!" Spectral Soul snorted coldly.


 Ice Crystal grotto-heaven had already been broken through when Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui attacked, it was connected to the outside world.


 At this moment, qi tides surged in the outside world, instilling into the grotto-heaven harshly.


 The qi tides implicated the battlefield, wherever it reached, people fell to the ground.


 Ice Crystal grotto-heaven’s defensive immortal formation could not last any longer, it shattered, many snowman Gu Immortals fell into mortal danger.


 The frost light around Demon Judgment Board flickered as it hesitated for a moment. But immediately, the ice crystal lights shot towards the snowman Gu Immortals as they turned into countless ice tubes that protected them.


 But this way, Demon Judgment Board’s pressure lifted greatly. Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui saw this and quickly made their move, breaking the remaining ice layers and saving Demon Judgment Board.


 The two immortals went into the Immortal Gu House, Demon Judgment Board left the battlefield rapidly while resisting the turbulent qi tides.



***
Chapter 1996 Big or Small, Qi Harvest Frui


***





 



 The grand qi tide soon filled up the whole of Ice Crystal grotto-heaven.


 Spectral Soul sighed deeply, this was really a pity. he wanted the two sides to fight to their deaths before he reaped the rewards, devouring Gu Immortal souls was much more helpful than absorbing soul cores after all.


 But his scheme was ruined by this qi tide.


 "I do not have Dang Hun Mountain, I lack guts Gu, I can only devour soul beasts and soul cores. But this takes time to digest, it is not like guts Gu which can directly raise my soul foundation."


 "Why the coincidence? Not long ago, when Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai fought, a qi tide appeared. This time, another qi tide showed up."


 Thinking about this, Spectral Soul had a realization: "Don’t tell me that fighting between Gu Immortals will attract qi tides?"


 Spectral Soul was only making a guess, he was not certain.


 "It is a pity that my qi path attainment level is just ordinary. Otherwise, I will be able to come to a conclusion."


 He had soul search and soul devouring methods, but these methods could not directly raise attainment levels. The only way to instantly raise one’s attainment level was through absorbing true meaning. The attainment levels that Spectral Soul had at his peak were all gained through actual cultivation from the memories he had soul searched, it was not easy to reach that level.


 "Forget it."


 "An Xun performed well this time, with such achievements, he might likely receive Wu Shuai’s audience."


 "By staying in his body, I can get closer to Wu Shuai. There might even be a chance to enslave Wu Shuai and take Dragon Palace!"


 Spectral Soul’s current plan failed, he quickly came up with a new plan.


 He had a deep desire towards Dragon Palace which contained dream path Immortal Gu!


 Amidst the surging qi tides, frost lights gathered into Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s aura was weak, his face was pale, the price to activate extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin was very high.


 But he had almost singlehandedly sealed Demon Judgment Board, he was the biggest contributor to this victory.


 The two heavens’ Gu Immortals came to visit him, their gaze was different from before.


 Strength was the determining factor towards one’s status. Undeniably, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch who had extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin killer move far surpassed the other rank eight Gu Immortals of the two heavens in battle strength.


 "Even though I saved Ice Crystal grotto-heaven, our race’s unique killer move was exposed." Even though he forced Heavenly Court to retreat, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was not happy.


 Right now, he could only console himself that this move was very hard to counter, it could still be his trump card for the time being.


 "Friends, I am not injured, I only need to rest. I hope everyone can help to protect my grotto-heaven." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch said.


 "Sure, sure."


 "We are all part of the two heavens alliance, this is not a problem."


 "Everyone, we will do our best to defend Ice Crystal grotto-heaven!"


 The Gu Immortals of the two heavens resisted the surging qi tides in the grotto-heaven while Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch focused on repairing the hole created in the grotto-heaven’s aperture wall.


 Even though the qi tides were powerful, with the cooperation of all the Gu Immortals, they soon settled down.


 Because they had taken action swiftly, the qi tides did not cause much losses to Ice Crystal grotto-heaven.


 "Vice alliance leader, take a look, we found something!" Great Wisdom Immortal Mother flew over to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch with some unexpected news.


 A moment later, the immortals of the two heavens also arrived at the area.


 They saw a fruit that was the size of a hill floating in the air. This fruit was translucent, it was completely formed from heaven and earth qi, it was shaped like a gourd, or a peanut.


 "This is a qi harvest fruit?"


 "After the qi tides appeared, people often found these qi harvest fruits produced. If Gu Immortals get them and use them in the immortal aperture, they can rapidly soothe the heaven and earth qi and hasten the progress of the heaven and earth qi fusion."


 "But ordinary qi harvest fruits are just as large as a horse carriage. Why is this qi harvesting fruit so huge?"


 The two heavens’ immortals discussed but could not come up with an answer.


 "Master, is this really a qi harvest fruit?" An Xun asked Spectral Soul: "If it is, isn’t this Ice Crystal grotto-heaven benefiting from a disaster? As long as it absorbs this huge qi harvest fruit, will Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s immortal aperture be modified completely, he will no longer be affected by the qi tides?"


 "This is a qi harvest fruit indeed, but whether it is a blessing or a disaster is unknown for now." Spectral Soul chuckled to himself.


 As expected, when Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch tried to take this qi harvest fruit, he was shocked to find a deeper secret.


 "Oh no!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s expression turned even more pale: "This qi harvest fruit is still growing, it is absorbing my grotto-heaven’s heaven and earth qi to grow further. If I take it away now, it will cause a huge commotion in the grotto-heaven, living beings will die, and an even more turbulent qi tide will appear."


 The immortals gasped, after getting Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s permission, they quickly used investigative methods.


 "We cannot let this qi harvest fruit continue to grow, who can help me get rid of this hidden threat? I will not be stingy on rewards." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had a solemn expression.


 But the Gu Immortals looked at each other, they were all helpless.


 Almost everyone could pull out the qi harvest fruit by force, but that was harmful to Ice Crystal grotto-heaven, its foundation would be affected.


 And according to their deductions, directly destroying the qi harvest fruit would create a new qi tide that would create a second qi harvest fruit later.


 This way, to get rid of this threat permanently without harming Ice Crystal grotto-heaven, the difficulty was very high.


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother suggested: "We can’t do it because we do not cultivate qi path, but what about Lord Alliance Leader?"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had a look of worry, he sighed deeply: "Right now, we can only ask Lord Alliance Leader for help."


 Wu Shuai soon received Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s request for help.


 "My memories are limited, I did not know that the qi harvest fruit would become like this. Maybe the main body knows more things."


 Wu Shuai quickly reported the information that Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch gave him to Fang Yuan’s main body.


 "Oh? The hidden threat of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens have been found, this is much earlier than in my previous life." Fang Yuan’s main body naturally knew about this.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, the two heavens’ Gu Immortals had also worked together, they attacked many places and caused a lot of trouble for the five regions.


 Due to the qi tides, the five regions’ Gu Immortals were greatly restricted. But the two heavens’ Gu Immortals were able to move around, they were less affected by the qi tides.


 Furthermore, when Gu Immortal battles reach a certain level, qi tides would occur.


 Even though the two heavens’ Gu Immortals had low battle strength, with the help of the qi tides, they could defeat the five regions’ Gu Immortals.


 But good times did not last long, soon, the two heaven’s Gu Immortals found that qi harvest fruits started to appear in their own grotto-heaven headquarters.


 These qi harvest fruits used the grotto-heaven’s heaven and earth qi to grow, they were like stubborn pests, if left unattended, they would grow endlessly and eventually destroy the entire grotto-heaven world.


 "Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch fought against Heavenly Court and caused the qi tides to appear in his grotto-heaven, that is the reason why qi harvest fruits appeared earlier than the previous life."


 Fang Yuan sent the information to Wu Shuai, suddenly, he had a thought as he gained a burst of inspiration.


 "Wait!"


 "Maybe I can use these qi tides to deal with heaven’s will."


 His situation was really bad now.


 The main problem was the heaven path dao marks, he could not refine them in the short time, while these dao marks generated heaven’s will.


 The heaven path dao marks had no ill intentions towards Fang Yuan but heaven’s will wanted to kill him, it tried all sorts of ways to destroy his sovereign immortal aperture.


 And worse was that if Fang Yuan did not get rid of the heaven’s will, after accumulating to a certain level, even if the sovereign immortal aperture remained shut, the grotto-heaven’s heaven’s will could resonate with the five regions’ heaven’s will and expose his identity.


 Once Fang Yuan’s location was exposed, if he stayed in qi sea, his cover as Qi Sea Ancestor would be blown.


 However, it was difficult for Fang Yuan to get rid of heaven’s will.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was too huge, Fang Yuan did not know where to start. He could not predict the natural developments of the Heavenly Dao, he could not know where heaven’s will would be created.


 "I should try to let the qi tides rampage in my sovereign immortal aperture. Like a washing machine, they might be able to cleanse all of the heaven’s will away."


 As Fang Yuan thought about it, he found that this was a very possible idea to execute.


 It seemed dangerous but it was possible to use the two threats against each other, with his qi path and wisdom path foundation, it was a realistic solution.


 Of course, whether this method could succeed or not, until it was used, Fang Yuan could not know for sure.


 "If only I still had wisdom Gu, that would be great."


 Wisdom Gu provided unlimited inspiration, with the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan could quickly and efficiently develop a killer move that could make use of the qi tides.


 At the same time, in Qi Jue grotto-heaven.


 "This is the center of the grotto-heaven!" Luo clan’s three Gu Immortals were all injured, they reached this place after much difficulty.


 "What... what an incredible qi harvest fruit..." Luo Mu Zi was lost for words, the other two immortals were filled with shock.


 According to the three immortals’ deductions, the center of Qi Jue grotto-heaven should contain the most valuable thing in the entire grotto-heaven.


 At this moment, the three immortals saw that there was a tiny and exquisite qi harvest fruit here, it was extremely vivid, the surface had flowing lights that flickered dazzlingly.


 It was the size of a gourd but it contained genuine rank nine immortal material aura. It had surging waves of vitality resembling the ocean, it pressed down on the hearts of the Luo clan Gu Immortals.


 "This qi harvest fruit is not ordinary at all, it contains deep secrets, we need to research upon it."


 "Strange, qi harvest fruits are produced by the qi tides, why is it hidden by Demon Immortal Qi Jue and kept here?"


 "Unless he predicted that in the future, there would be disasters like the qi tides?"


 "Take action!" Luo clan’s three immortals were talking when suddenly, they heard a shout, several variant human Gu Immortals showed up and attacked.


 Luo clan’s three immortals were caught off guard, they were swept into a battlefield killer move instantly.


 "Oh no, an ambush!"


 "Someone else found Qi Jue grotto-heaven?"


 "Who are you?"


 Luo clan’s three immortals shouted.


 The leader of the variant human Gu Immortals was about the size of a thumb, there were translucent wings behind him, this was a miniman Gu Immortal.


 "Hmph, Luo clan immortals, I, Xiao He Jian, found this place twenty years before any of you." The miniman Gu Immortal smiled coldly as he said: "Attack, kill them all!"



***
Chapter 1997 Both Sides Seek Reinforcements


***





 



 Days later, in the headquarters of Southern Border’s Wu clan.


 Wu Yong stood at the peak of a mountain, he slowly opened his eyes.


 In front of him were three mortals. They were all tied on a wooden pole, they were all unconscious.


 Immortal killer move — Farewell Friend Wind!


 Wu Yong breathed in deeply, his preparations were completed, he unleashed this peculiar killer move.


 Without the emergence of any unique wind, the three mortals in front of him started to disintegrate, their skin, flesh, and bones scattered with the natural breeze. In an instant, even the clothes of these mortals vanished, nothing was left.


 Wu Yong showed a satisfied smile at last.


 During this period, he had modified farewell friend wind, the results were quite good.


 Farewell friend wind was a wind path killer move with human path effect, it originally needed the user to touch the target’s body and say some parting words.


 But now, these limitations were all modified by Wu Yong and removed successfully.


 Even though the current farewell friend wind still needed the user to become friends with the target before usage, the range had greatly increased, it was much more usable now.


 Wu Yong had lost a lot of his wind path dao marks during the fate war from using the killer move unlimited wind and his foundation fell.


 But during this period of recuperation, he made some gains instead in terms of comprehension, his wind path attainment level rose to a new level. Because of that, he could modify farewell friend wind.


 Wu Yong was not just satisfied with modifying farewell friend wind, the rise in his attainment level also meant a comprehensive rise in power.


 Farewell friend wind was just one of the aspects.


 "Next, I will modify the other killer moves, and even Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building! After modification, my battle strength will rise back to normal, it can even surpass my former level."


 Right when Wu Yong thought about his future, an information path Gu worm flew towards him.


 Wu Yong took it and read the information, his brows rose as he showed a surprised expression.


 He was originally going to stay in closed cultivation for some time, but after receiving this information, he halted his plan.


 Returning to his guest hall, he met with the two Gu Immortals that were looking for him.


 These two Gu Immortals had the same clothing, they wore deep green short sleeve shirts and long black pants, they also had jade colored leg bindings.


 Any Gu Immortal familiar with Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world would know that this was Luo clan’s signature attire.


 Of the two Luo clan Gu Immortals who came, one was an old man with a bitter expression, another was a middle aged Gu Immortal with a pale face, he was evidently injured.


 "Luo Zu (Luo Ran) pays respects to Lord Alliance Leader." Luo clan’s two Gu Immortals saw Wu Yong and immediately paid respects.


 The Southern Alliance was created long ago, Wu Yong was the leader of this alliance.


 Of the two Luo clan immortals, Luo Ran was a general of Luo clan, he was a space path expert with peak rank seven battle strength, he was an arrogant person. As for Luo Zu, he was a person of authority, he was the current first supreme elder of Luo clan. These two were so respectful to Wu Yong now, it was clear that they needed his help.


 Wu Yong nodded: "We can sit and talk."


 After the two Luo clan Gu Immortals sat down, Wu Yong asked directly: "What is the matter with Qi Jue grotto-heaven?"


 Luo Zu breathed in deeply before explaining the entire situation. In summary, when a Gu Immortal of Luo clan explored white heaven using an Immortal Gu House, he discovered Qi Jue grotto-heaven by chance. Luo clan had been exploring it for many years, finally, with the help of the qi tides, they made a breakthrough and entered the central area of Qi Jue grotto-heaven.


 But when they were about to obtain Qi Jue’s true inheritance, they were ambushed by variant human Gu Immortals. The three Luo clan Gu Immortals exploring it were caught off guard, the situation did not look good.


 Thankfully, their leader was the space path expert Luo Ran, he used his trump card and escaped with the other two immortals.


 The variant human Gu Immortals did not let them go, they pursued these three Luo clan immortals.


 After Luo clan was informed, they immediately sent their Immortal Gu House to reinforce them, the two sides fought intensely at the heavenly wind qi wall. Even though those variant human Gu Immortals did not have high battle strength, their leader, the miniman Gu Immortal Xiao He Jian, was very outstanding. At the same time, the variant human Gu Immortals had an Immortal Gu House too, Luo clan was forced to escape back to Southern Border pitifully.


 After passing the heavenly wind qi wall, the variant human Gu Immortals were afraid that Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world would gang up on them, they gave up on the pursuit.


 Luo clan’s immortals were defeated, they returned to recuperate in their headquarters, feeling angry and helpless. After discussing for some time, they felt that they could not obtain Qi Jue grotto-heaven themselves, they should get the help of other forces.


 After hearing their explanation, Wu Yong understood the situation.


 "Due to the rampant qi tides, the grotto-heavens in the two heavens are exposed, this created the two heavens alliance. The alliance mainly comprises variant humans, they have Wu Shuai as their leader."


 "This group of variant human Gu Immortals that defeated Luo clan must have a close relationship with the two heavens alliance."


 "The two heavens alliance first occupied an area in Eastern Sea, Wu Shuai fought with Qi Sea Ancestor. After that, Heavenly Court attacked them, their vice alliance leader Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch forced Demon Judgment Board to retreat, creating a huge commotion."


 "If Luo clan looks for Hou clan or Yao clan, even though they are super forces, they cannot deal with the colossal two heavens alliance. When the situation aggravates, they will still have to look for me in the end. Thus, they came to me from the start."


 Thinking so, Wu Yong smiled, promising them: "Our Southern Border’s righteous path is united, now that Luo clan has faced a setback, as long as you are part of the Southern Alliance, we will help you out. As the leader of the Southern Alliance, I, Wu Yong, will lend my strength as well!"


 Luo clan’s immortals quickly responded: "Alliance Leader is righteous and mighty."


 But there was no joy on their faces.


 This concerned a huge treasure like Qi Jue’s true inheritance, Wu Yong was sure to agree to help without doubt.


 The important things were how to get true inheritance of Qi Jue, how would Luo clan and Wu clan cooperate, if they obtained the true inheritance, how would they split it?


 Those were the true details to discuss.


 While Luo clan’s immortals and Wu Yong were negotiating, Wu Shuai also received the audience of a Gu Immortal.


 "The one asking to see me is a miniman Gu Immortal named Xiao He Jian?" Wu Shuai squinted.


 "Yes." The reporting Gu Immortal explained: "This immortal has extraordinary strength, his reputation is long established, even though the Gu Immortals of the two heavens do not interact much with each other, we have all heard of this Xiao He Jian. His strength is likely on par with vice alliance leader."


 The vice alliance leader was naturally Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 This time, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch used his immortal sealing coffin killer move to defeat Heavenly Court, his reputation surged, everyone in the two heavens alliance knew about it.


 "What is the reason for his request to meet me?" Wu Shuai asked purposely.


 "This subordinate... does not know." The reporting Gu Immortal lowered his head: "He says that he has a huge fortune to give to Lord Alliance Leader, he wants to join our two heavens alliance."


 Wu Shuai smiled.


 In the past, he did not know, but after the main body sent him some information of the previous life, he learned about this person.


 This Xiao He Jian was quite a formidable figure in the five hundred years of his previous life, he was indeed an expert among the variant human rank eight Gu Immortals, he was able to contest Heavenly Court’s members evenly.


 Speaking of which, in the five hundred years of his previous life, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch did not have much reputation.


 In terms of battle strength, Xiao He Jian and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch were on the same level. Even though the two heaven’s Gu Immortals were not very outstanding, they still had several incredible experts. If not for this, they would not have caused problems to the five regions in the previous life.


 "Xiao He Jian explored Qi Jue grotto-heaven, he probably got into a conflict with Luo clan. Now that the Southern Alliance was created in advance and Luo clan suffered a loss, they would definitely find their allies, they might approach Wu Yong."


 "Xiao He Jian has several grotto-heaven forces allied with him, but how can he resist the great Southern Alliance? Thus, he came to me, by joining my two heavens alliance, not only can he protect himself, he can also use my strength to resist the Southern Alliance and obtain Qi Jue’s true inheritance."


 "But this Qi Jue grotto-heaven is a dangerous area, in my previous life, Qi Jue grotto-heaven self-detonated, killing countless Gu Immortals in the process. The two heavens alliance also suffered a huge setback from this, the losses were so severe they never recovered."


 Wu Shuai guessed that Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch died during this Qi Jue grotto-heaven explosion, otherwise, with his strength, he would not have stayed so low profile the entire time.


 Considering this, Wu Shuai smiled coldly, thinking: "This Xiao He Jian is crafty, he wants to borrow our strength and use us to kill his enemies, since he wants my help, let’s have a good negotiation with him."


 "Go." Wu Shuai stopped thinking about it as he sat on his main seat, telling the Gu Immortal: "Tell Xiao He Jian to come in."



***
Chapter 1998 Exploring Qi Jue Grotto-Heaven


***





 



 The sky had a unified color, it was a sight of bluish jade.

 Great winds howled, killing intent gathered.

 Two Immortal Gu Houses faced each other.

 One was a majestic palace shining in golden light, it was elegant and grand, this was Dragon Palace. The other was a two storey bamboo building, it was filled with vitality and looked delicate but exquisite, this was Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.

 The two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses contained many Gu Immortals inside them.

 Wu Shuai sat at the main seat with two rows of Gu Immortals from the two heavens below him. On his left was Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and others, while on his right was the recently joined wood path great expert, miniman Gu Immortal Xiao He Jian. As for Lady Cold Ash, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, and others, they were mixed among these two groups.

 Not long ago, Wu Shuai met with Xiao He Jian, after some negotiation, they set off for Qi Jue grotto-heaven.

 On the other side, Southern Alliance’s Wu Yong also knew the importance of speed, he quickly mobilized Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, bringing Wu clan’s and Luo clan’s immortals to immemorial white heaven.

 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was much faster than Dragon Palace, Wu Yong left later but arrived earlier, yet Qi Jue grotto-heaven could not be easily entered. While Wu Yong and the rest waited, Wu Shuai arrived with Dragon Palace.

 The two sides met in white heaven, they immediately got into a deadlock.

 “Wu Yong.” Wu Shuai spoke within Dragon Palace, his voice resounding in the battlefield: “Qi Jue’s true inheritance is in front of us, why don’t we each send three people out to fight, the winner will be the side which has two victories, they will get the true inheritance, while the loser gets the grotto-heaven, how is that?”

 “Wu Shuai, why are you being so cowardly now?” Wu Yong snickered from within Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building: “Let the person fortunate enough under the circumstances get Qi Jue’s true inheritance, let’s fight for it using our respective abilities!”

 As he said this, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building shot out like a rainbow, piercing into a certain opening within Qi Jue grotto-heaven.

 Wu Yong had waited for a long time, he finally found an opportunity to get inside.

 Even though Wu Yong brought Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building with him, and had Wu clan’s and Luo clan’s elites around him, in terms of scale, he could not match Wu Shuai. Not just in quantity, but the quality of their high end battle strength also differed greatly.

 If they really used the rules Wu Shuai set to determine a victor, in one-on-one combat, Wu Yong’s side would be disadvantaged.

 Furthermore, when Gu Immortals fight, heaven and earth qi would be disrupted, qi tides would appear. By then, the two heaven’s Gu Immortals would be less affected, their advantage would rise again.

 Wu Yong was a formidable leader, how could he let his side fall into a disadvantage from the start?

 “Lord Alliance Leader, there is no time to waste, let’s set out!” Xiao He Jian urged anxiously.

 Wu Shuai looked at the openings in Qi Jue grotto-heaven, even though these openings varied in size, they were all milky white in color, formed from moving qi currents.

 Earlier, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building had gone through the largest opening to get inside Qi Jue grotto-heaven.

 After looking at it for a while, Wu Shuai understood some of its profundity.

 “These openings vary in size, they are increasing in numbers, I’m afraid this is the immortal aperture entrance of Qi Jue grotto-heaven.”

 Fang Yuan’s main body and clones had varying amounts of memories but they shared the same attainment levels. Wu Shuai also had the main body’s qi path attainment level, he could see it more clearly than others.

 Just these holes alone made Wu Shuai’s eyes brighten as he felt some comprehension.

 “Normally, immortal aperture entrances are closed, only used to connect the inside world and the outside. Qi Jue grotto-heaven’s entrance is unique, it is the most efficient way of maximizing the effect of that connection between worlds using the immortal aperture’s entrance. I wonder what gains I can make inside?”

 Thinking so, Wu Shuai’s curiosity rose as he moved Dragon Palace towards the openings.

 In the five hundred years of his previous life, this Qi Jue grotto-heaven was destroyed by self-detonation, it greatly affected the two heavens alliance and caused it to falter in the future. Many rank eight Gu Immortals died during this event.

 Qi Jue grotto-heaven was dangerous, this was also why Fang Yuan did not take the initiative to explore it before the fate war.

 But now that Qi Jue grotto-heaven was exposed, with an alluring true inheritance of Qi Jue inside and Dragon Palace’s protection, Wu Shuai also had nothing urgent to attend to, he could put effort into this now.

 Dragon Palace got past the narrow opening, rapidly arriving inside Qi Jue grotto-heaven.

 The immortals saw that all around them, there were white colored qi currents that surged and moved.

 “Qi Jue grotto-heaven’s structure is quite special, it is not like ordinary grotto-heavens, there are white qi currents everywhere. These qi currents form into tunnels and countless tunnels turn this grotto-heaven into a maze, it is like the intestines of a giant. We need to get through these tunnels quickly and find the correct path to the central area. Qi Jue’s true inheritance is hidden there!” Xiao He Jian explained when they got in.

 All the immortals inside the palace listened attentively.

 Xiao He Jian did not say everything he knew earlier, to prevent Wu Shuai from leaving to snatch the true inheritance alone after getting the information, he had kept many secrets, he promised Wu Shuai that he would explain the situation after they arrived.

 Dragon Palace moved around in the white qi current tunnels, quickly reaching a crossroad. On the left and right were two paths, they were identical in size and shape.

 “How do we determine the correct route?” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch asked.

 Xiao He Jian replied: “I cannot be sure about it either, we need to test the paths. The only rule here is that the closer we get to the center, the more valuable the monsters and resources within the qi current tunnels. At the most central area, the qi harvest fruit has reached rank nine level!”

 “What about Luo clan?” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch asked another crucial question.

 “Luo clan does not have a more accurate method either. In fact, their exploration speed was far slower than us. It was because of the qi tides that they gained an opportunity to get past many difficulties and reach the central area rapidly. Looking at our previous progress, my tribe was extremely close to Qi Jue’s true inheritance, we were just two obstacles away.” Xiao He Jian sighed, he felt somewhat of a pity regarding it.

 The immortals heard this and relaxed slightly.

 “In that case, even though they came inside first, in terms of advantage, we have the upper hand.” Great Wisdom Immortal Mother analyzed.

 “Don’t be careless, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building is much faster than us.” Wu Shuai said plainly.

 He chose a random path and moved Dragon Palace along it.

 Along the way, the qi current tunnels became wider and taller, many qi path living beings were in them, creating special living environments that were isolated from each other.

 Roar!

 Suddenly, a group of qi monsters emerged from the thick tunnel walls, surrounding Dragon Palace.

 These qi monsters had all sorts of strange forms, resembling bulls, goats, fish, or birds. However, their colors were similar, being close to orange-yellow.

 “These are qi monsters created from luck qi.” Xiao He Jian said: “Even though there are no immemorial qi monsters, they are quite troublesome to deal with. Without luck path methods to protect us, if we kill them, our luck will fall.”

 Immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!

 At the next moment, a gush of smoke flew out from Dragon Palace, wherever it went, all of the luck qi monsters were swept away, suppressed within Dragon Palace.

 “Uh.” Xiao He Jian was stunned but he soon reacted as he said respectfully: “A dream path killer move, truly worthy of Dragon Palace!”

 As they continued, they saw an immemorial qi monster, it was pitch-black like a whale, its body was colossal.

 Xiao He Jian had a grim expression: “Be careful, this is an immemorial qi monster created from hard qi, thankfully it is sleeping now. I’d suggest that we detour around it, let’s not…”

 Boom!

 At the next moment, Dragon Palace accelerated and crashed into the immemorial qi monster.

 Dragon Palace shook intensely but the immemorial qi monster was pierced through, it retaliated in anger.

 Dragon Palace charged and crashed into it again, and again!

 The immemorial qi monster broke apart, turning into lumps of black hard qi. Next, Wu Shuai stored the hard qi in his palace.

 “You can all split the spoils.” Wu Shuai kept most of the gains and passed the rest to the Gu Immortals.

 “Alliance Leader is mighty!”

 “All hail Dragon Palace!”

 “Subordinate thanks Lord Alliance Leader.”

 “With Lord Alliance Leader here, so what if they have Wu Yong?”

 At once, the immortals expressed their gratitude as all sorts of praises erupted.

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch smiled as he looked at Xiao He Jian, saying with deep meaning: “Try not to be shocked at these minor situations, it will cause us to lose face.”

 Xiao He Jian had to nod in acknowledgment but he still felt deep shock internally: “Even though I saw the fate war, I can only see how powerful Dragon Palace is after witnessing it in action personally. If Dragon Palace is so strong, what about Duke Long, Fang Yuan, and Feng Jiu Ge?”

 At once, Xiao He Jian’s emotions became rather complex.

 On one hand, the stronger Dragon Palace was, the more hopeful he was. But on the other hand, as a great expert, seeing such a difference between them and seeing such a powerful existence made him feel some dejectedness.

 Along the way, wherever they went, Wu Shuai took all of the loot that they could gather.

 Qi Jue grotto-heaven was really the land of treasures for qi path, it was like the qi sea of ancient times. Not only were the qi path resources here in huge quantities, they also varied greatly in variety, there was basically anything one needed here.

 Wu Shuai purposely displayed his might to intimidate Xiao He Jian. As a result, he exposed more secrets, according to him, when exploring this place, he found a Qi Breath Peak! Qi Jue grotto-heaven actually had such an extinct qi path resource, but regrettably, Xiao He Jian only took a glance at it, he did not have the ability to take it.

 “This is the center of Qi Jue grotto-heaven?” Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building had just arrived at the destination, before Wu Yong could rejoice, his pupils shrunk: “Hmph, they weren’t slow at all.”

 Behind Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, Dragon Palace arrived.

 At the center of Qi Jue grotto-heaven was a huge hollow sphere. The sphere had many qi pillars that interweaved with each other, creating countless tunnels.

 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and Dragon Palace entered this area, it was like two flies had entered a beehive.

 The qi pillars continued to move around, some were fast while others were slow, they even affected each other. Under Wu Yong’s control, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building moved carefully and avoided the qi pillars, taking sharp turns along the way.

 “These qi pillars are special, they are at least rank eight immortal materials. We cannot touch them easily or unnecessary problems will occur.” Xiao He Jian quickly said.

 This place was not suited for fighting, thus, in order to kill the three Luo clan immortals, Xiao He Jian had arranged a battlefield killer move.

 But in the end, Luo clan’s Luo Ran was a space path Gu Immortal, he brought the other two immortals away by piercing through the battlefield, using this special terrain to get free from Xiao He Jian and the rest, escaping.

 “No need for such trouble.” Wu Shuai waved his hand.

 At the next moment, a dragon roar was heard, the Evil Dragon descended.

 Boom boom boom!

 The Evil Dragon charged ferociously, wherever it went, qi pillars broke and shattered, it created a path for Dragon Palace to move along from behind it.

 “Hmm?” Wu Yong frowned.

 Xiao He Jian’s mouth was open, he became dumbstruck.



***
Chapter 1999 Qi Jue, Xi


***





 



 “Great!”

 “Lord Alliance Leader is so powerful!”

 “This is the power of our two heavens alliance!”

 The morale of the immortals within Dragon Palace surged, they quickly cheered.

 Evil Dragon charged ahead with an unstoppable might, Dragon Palace followed behind it casually.

 “This dragonman brute!” The eyelids of Luo clan’s first supreme elder Luo Zu were twitching as he gritted his teeth.

 The two clans’ Gu Immortals within Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building felt immense pressure. Evil Dragon was charging relentlessly like a mobile mountain range, in comparison, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was very delicate and small.

 And most importantly, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building had to dodge the qi pillars, its advancement route was long and winding. But Evil Dragon moved forward in a straight line without obstruction, the distance between them was shortening.

 “What do we do now?” The Southern Alliance’s Gu Immortals turned pale.

 Wu Yong smiled lightly: “Wu Shuai uses strength to suppress others, he is making full use of his advantage. If I were him, I would do the same. Everyone, after the fate war, not only was Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building fully repaired, I even strengthened it further, we can block Di Zang Sheng for a period of time. Even though they are strong, we do not need to bother with them, we just need to get Qi Jue’s true inheritance before them.”

 “Lord Alliance Leader is right!” The immortals nodded in agreement.

 Any sort of conflict had its goal, Wu Yong could clearly see that their objective was Qi Jue’s true inheritance. Whoever gets it would be the winner, even if they suffer some losses while competing, so what?

 But the Evil Dragon was really too strong.

 It was the immemorial desolate beast with the strongest battle strength!

 In the five regions and two heavens, there were less than five people who could fight this Evil Dragon head-on!

 While Wu Shuai and Wu Yong were chasing after their goals, a third rank eight Immortal Gu House stealthily arrived outside Qi Jue grotto-heaven.

 It was Demon Judgment Board!

 Demon Judgment Board was controlled by Fang Zheng, not only did Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui come along, even Che Wei, who had recovered from his injuries, and information path great expert Zhou Xiong Xin were here.

 Fang Zheng took the initiative to attack the two heavens previously, even though Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch forced them away, their gains were still huge. Prince Feng Xian and Bai Cang Shui obtained abundant loot from plundering the two grotto-heavens.

 Even though Fang Zheng lost in battle, he had only lost some reputation of Heavenly Court, they did not lose benefits.

 Heavenly Court was originally not sure of Qi Jue grotto-heaven’s event, after all, immemorial white heaven was huge, even during the qi tides when Qi Jue grotto-heaven exposed itself, Heavenly Court could not find it immediately.

 But don’t forget that Night Heavenly Wolf Lord under Wu Shuai had submitted to Heavenly Court. The fact that Xiao He Jian joined the two heavens alliance was not concealable, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord learned of Qi Jue grotto-heaven’s secret and informed Heavenly Court as a result.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was very famous in history, he was a terrifying great expert who opposed Limitless Demon Venerable!

 Especially when he cultivated qi path, in the current environment where qi tide surged, all new qi path resources were emerging in huge quantities continuously. The five regions’ forces wanted to research more into qi path.

 Heavenly Court was no exception!

 Even though they had Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, if Heavenly Court could gain Qi Jue’s true inheritance, it would mean that other forces could not get it. With this difference, Heavenly Court would have a great advantage against others.

 Thus, Fang Zheng did not rest for long, he received Qin Ding Ling’s orders and brought four rank eight Gu Immortals to move to white heaven using Demon Judgment Board, arriving at this place.

 “This should be Qi Jue grotto-heaven, but what is going on?” Fang Zheng had just arrived but he saw a shocking change.

 He saw countless holes appearing, milky white qi currents surged endlessly as they moved around, the many new openings started to connect the grotto-heaven to the outside world.

 These openings increased in numbers and continued to surface, there were too many of them, this would be a fearsome sight to others.

 After more than ten breaths, a huge silhouette of Qi Jue grotto-heaven appeared. On the surface, there were countless white qi currents surrounding it, within the qi currents, there were countless holes breathing in and out.

 The surrounding air was sucked into the grotto-heaven by a terrifying formless force. As for the loud noise that it created, the Heavenly Court immortals felt deafened all of a sudden.

 “A huge change is occurring in Qi Jue grotto-heaven!”

 “Wu Shuai and Wu Yong might have fought in the grotto-heaven.”

 “What to do?”

 Prince Feng Xian and the rest looked towards Fang Zheng, he was still their leader in this expedition.

 Fang Zheng felt pressured, the choice in front of him was a difficult one. At this moment, he fell into hesitation, what should he choose?

 At the center of Qi Jue grotto-heaven.

 Boom boom boom!

 Qi pillars continued to break and shatter as noise erupted endlessly.

 The Evil Dragon destroyed everything in its path, but such a sight did not last long, after the qi pillars were destroyed, they turned into strong qi currents that intertwined together, surrounding the body of the Evil Dragon as they pressured it, trying to attack and kill it from all directions.

 The Evil Dragon roared but its speed continued to fall, it was facing an unprecedented pressure from ahead.

 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and Dragon Palace were not having an easy time either.

 These qi currents were like tsunami waves that constantly attacked, these two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses were like small rafts trying to float in this treacherous storm.

 Huge qi currents collided and caused the two Immortal Gu Houses to shake, sometimes, the Immortal Gu Houses even spun around on the spot.

 There was a shot of deep blue qi current, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building quickly tried to dodge it. But the deep blue qi current was too large and fast, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building exerted all of its strength before leaving and escaping after three breaths of time.

 “Lightning qi!” Southern Border’s Gu Immortal gasped: “I’ve never seen such colossal lightning qi, this quality is on par with rank eight immortal materials.”

 Lightning qi could only be collected during stormy weather.

 It was not hard to collect lightning qi, but high ranked lightning qi immortal materials were very rare.

 Rank eight lightning qi was even rarer.

 If the situation were not so urgent, Southern Border’s Gu Immortals would want to collect the lightning qi.

 “This is all Wu Shuai’s fault! By causing rampant destruction, Qi Jue grotto-heaven has gone into a berserk state.” Luo Zu gritted his teeth.

 Wu Yong’s expression turned dark: “Qi Jue’s true inheritance is our primary goal!”

 The lightning qi from earlier caused Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building to lose some Gu worms, Wu Yong quickly replenished them.

 These immortal materials had incredible dense dao marks, this environment was very dangerous. If there were wind path qi current immortal materials, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building would have an incredibly good time here.

 The change in Qi Jue grotto-heaven’s situation made the environment much more dangerous, but on the whole, Wu Yong’s situation had actually improved.

 Because Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building suffered much less obstruction compared to Wu Shuai’s side.

 Dragon Palace was much slower than Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.

 There were sharp blade qi, black hard qi, dark death qi… all sorts of qi currents were all at rank eight level. Wu Shuai gritted his teeth as he drove Dragon Palace forward, resisting them by force.

 The Evil Dragon was left in the dust already.

 Its body was too big, it was resisted by at least ten air currents or more, it could no longer be of use here.

 “This is the foundation of Qi Jue grotto-heaven…” Wu Shuai had a solemn expression, his gaze flickered with uncertainty.

 He had the disadvantage now but the situation had not been decided.

 The two heaven’s Gu Immortals were also speechless at the moment. If not for Dragon Palace’s protection, who would dare to travel in this dangerous place? Many rank eight Gu Immortals felt their own weakness and insignificance at this moment.

 “Demon Immortal Qi Jue is truly worthy of being the person who rivaled Limitless Demon Venerable in the past!”

 The two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses did not give up, they moved towards the center with much difficulty, trying to obtain Qi Jue’s true inheritance.

 But outside the grotto-heaven, Fang Zheng no longer had to hesitate.

 “Let’s retreat first and observe the situation.” Fang Zheng ordered, Demon Judgment Board quickly retreated.

 Prince Feng Xian and the rest were silent, they agreed with this decision.

 Because right now, a change occurred again, raging qi currents appeared all over the place, a new qi tide had begun!

 Fighting during a qi tide would cause the Gu Immortals to suffer backlash, even Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were no exception.

 “It seems our earlier deduction was right.”

 “The heaven and earth qi in our immortal apertures differ from the outside world, thus be it opening the immortal aperture entrance or fighting intensely, when it hits a certain level, a new qi tide will occur.”

 “Demon Immortal Qi Jue is a five regions Gu Immortal, because of his foundation, now that his immortal aperture’s entrance is basically wide open, along with the fight between Wu Shuai and the Southern Alliance inside, they created a gigantic qi tide.”

 “Let’s watch by the side and try to reap some benefits from the outcome.”

 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals conversed as they kept a close eye on Qi Jue grotto-heaven.

 The powerful qi tide went through the openings and rapidly entered Qi Jue grotto-heaven.

 Wu Shuai and Wu Yong instantly felt huge pressure as the wild qi currents became even stronger. Even though the rank eight Immortal Gu Houses were powerful, these qi currents made them helpless, they were often blown away to random places.

 Bang… bang… bang!

 As the two Immortal Gu Houses approached the center, they started to hear loud thumping sounds.

 “What is going on?”

 “What qi currents are causing these sounds?”

 “No, this is someone’s heartbeat! Quickly look!”

 The two Immortal Gu Houses arrived at the center of Qi Jue grotto-heaven, all of the Gu Immortals saw this sight —

 At the point where all the countless qi currents merged was the eye of the storm, this place was completely tranquil and safe.

 In this tranquil environment, there was a tiny and delicate qi harvest fruit, it continued to absorb the surrounding qi currents.

 Countless qi currents of all types got absorbed into the qi harvest fruit and their traits were assimilated, becoming a part of the fruit.

 Different from the previous situation, there was the form of a baby inside the qi harvest fruit!

 The qi harvest fruit was like a woman’s womb, a human baby was curled up inside, growing and getting larger by the second.

 “What is happening?”

 “What in the world is going on?”

 “This is a monster! It is actually absorbing rank eight immortal materials endlessly to strengthen itself!”

 “It is about to be born, quickly stop it!”

 The immortals’ expressions changed, Wu Shuai wanted to unleash the killer move dreamy light smoke, but the qi harvest fruit seemed to have sensed it, it shook and self-detonated.

 The baby was successfully born, he had tiny arms and legs like he was malnourished.

 At this time, the silhouette of a concave land appeared above his head. This concave land contained deep profundities, it gave off a rank nine aura. But this aura was far more perfect and refined than the incomplete Human Sea that Wu Shuai had previously.

 This was a secluded domain of heaven and earth!

 The baby raised his arms, he seemed to be using both arms to carry the silhouette of this secluded domain of heaven and earth.

 “Xi—” He shouted out in a long tone.

 At the next moment, all of the surrounding qi currents moved into the silhouette of the secluded domain of heaven and earth like river tributaries returning to the ocean.

 The qi currents moved with incredibly shocking speed, within a few breaths of time, all of them went into the mysterious secluded domain of heaven and earth. Wu Shuai and Wu Yong could not even sense a single qi current around them anymore.

 In the sky, only the baby and the two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses were left.

 “We’re outside again.” Luo Zu found himself in the outside world.

 “No, the whole of Qi Jue grotto-heaven turned into qi currents and got absorbed by him.” Wu Yong was unable to conceal his shock, everything was unexpected in this situation, he felt like he was used.

 This was someone’s scheme!

 “Who are you?” Wu Shuai shouted from within Dragon Palace.

 The baby had grown into a boy, he breathed in deeply, the silhouette of the secluded domain of heaven and earth above his head went into his nose.

 Next, he looked around and saw Dragon Palace and Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building, he also found the hidden Demon Judgment Board.

 The boy smiled as he started to recite: (Chapter 1319)

 “Climbed mountains to seek immortality, danger present in every step.

 Dust specks float like light, dark Gu lurk in heart.

 A dream like golden jade, thousands of years of loneliness.

 Five regions and nine heavens, everything is in one breath[1].”

 As he recited, his voice was young but his tone was aged: “Who else can I be? Yours truly, Demon Immortal Qi Jue.”

 “Demon Immortal Qi Jue?!” The immortals were all shaken.

 “Wait, if he is Demon Immortal Qi Jue, then the secluded domain of heaven and earth from earlier, it is ‘Xi’ from u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e?” Within Demon Judgment Board, Zhou Xiong Xin suddenly had a thought.

 u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e had two very mysterious secluded domains of heaven and earth, there was little description regarding them.

 One was ‘Hu’, the other was ‘Xi’.

 [1] Breath written as qi in Chinese.



***
Chapter 2000 Might of the Demon Immortal


***





 



 Demon Immortal Qi Jue!

 The mysterious Gu Immortal stated his own identity, the entire place went silent.

 The three sides’ Gu Immortals were shaken. According to history, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was someone who had been evenly matched with Limitless Demon Venerable in battle at some point!

 Wu Shuai, who was inside Dragon Palace, frowned, he realized many things: “It seems that in my previous life, Demon Immortal Qi Jue failed to revive. Otherwise, there would not have been zero information about Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s revival. There are two possible reasons, one is that fate Gu was not destroyed then, the second is that Spectral Soul succeeded in refining sovereign immortal fetus Gu, from all the signs known, he had already infiltrated Heavenly Court and gained complete control of the situation. He would not allow someone like Demon Immortal Qi Jue to revive.”

 Thinking of this, Wu Shuai snorted coldly as he willed.

 Roar—!

 At the next moment, the Evil Dragon moved.

 Earlier, because of the countless qi currents obstructing it, the Evil Dragon was covered in injuries. But now that the whole of Qi Jue grotto-heaven was absorbed by Demon Immortal Qi Jue using an unthinkable method, the Evil Dragon regained freedom, it charged towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue with imposing aura again.

 Once it moved, wild winds started blowing.

 The Evil Dragon’s colossal body was like a moving mountain range, engulfing heaven and earth.

 Forget about Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s tiny child body, even the great Dragon Palace could not match the Evil Dragon’s body.

 “Hehehe, come.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s vision was filled by Di Zang Sheng.

 He was not flustered, instead he smiled calmly.

 He did not dodge, he directly extended his small hand towards Di Zang Sheng.

 Immortal killer move — Great Qi Grasp!

 With a loud sound, endless white qi currents shot out of Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s body, forming a giant hand with five fingers.

 The hand was only the size of an Immortal Gu House at first, but it slowly inflated to the size of a hill. Three breaths of time later, the entire qi current hand had expanded to the size of the Evil Dragon’s head.

 But the milky white qi current hand continued to grow!

 Di Zang Sheng had already reached it.

 Bam.

 The two sides collided, but out of everyone’s expectations, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s qi current hand was easily destroyed in one move.

 Di Zang Sheng did not slow down, continuing to pursue Demon Immortal Qi Jue.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not dodge, he continued to face Di Zang Sheng casually.

 Di Zang Sheng only charged for a few seconds before slowing down, it growled loudly like it was in great pain.

 “My great qi grasp can form and scatter at will. It can grab mountains and seas if it takes form, but it can also invade organs when it scatters. How will you deal with it?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue stood arrogantly and said.

 The immortals were shocked.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue used one move to subdue Di Zang Sheng, he had true pseudo venerable battle strength!

 “Another demonic path expert!”

 “Sigh, with the destruction of fate Gu, the world will go into chaos.”

 “Demon Immortal Qi Jue had died more than a million years ago, that source of chaos Fang Yuan gave him the chance to revive!”

 Inside Demon Judgment Board, Heavenly Court’s immortals gritted their teeth, they had ugly expressions.

 After the fate war, the righteous path fell while the demonic path surged!

 Duke Long, who was the pillar that held up Heavenly Court, died, Feng Jiu Ge, whom they entrusted their hopes to, betrayed them, while Fang Yuan, who was the culprit behind the destruction of Fate, still remained scot-free!

 And now, there was this Demon Immortal Qi Jue.

 There were sad cries as Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals realized that the future of the five regions and two heavens became much bleaker now.

 They did not even think of recruiting Demon Immortal Qi Jue.

 Although in history, he had opposed Limitless Demon Venerable, there was also no possibility that he would ever join the righteous path.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue, just the demon in his name stated the obvious. After all, the saying goes: There are only wrong names, not wrong titles.

 “Xiao He Jian, what are you really up to? You created such a huge enemy for our two heavens alliance!” Within Dragon Palace, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch suddenly shouted.

 Xiao He Jian could not rebuke him, his face turned pale.

 He felt a lot of lingering fear but also relief. He was relieved that he joined the two heavens alliance, otherwise, with just himself, he would have become the sacrificial lamb of Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s revival already.

 “This is a scheme, I am a victim too.” Xiao He Jian voiced his innocence.

 “This is a scheme, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s scheme.” At the same time, Wu Yong sighed within Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building.

 Luo Zu sighed deeply: “Demon Immortal Qi Jue is a qi path cultivator, but he actually predicted the events a million years into the future? What sort of level did he reach?!”

 Wu Yong frowned slightly, he looked through Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building towards Dragon Palace.

 He could understand Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s arrangements, but he had some doubt in his mind, did Wu Shuai know about this secret?

 Now that Wu Yong recalled it, Wu Shuai had been controlling the Evil Dragon to create destruction all over the place, was it because he was straightforward and wanted to use brute force, or was he purposely trying to destroy Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s arrangements?

 Evidently, it was because of the Evil Dragon’s rampant destruction that Demon Immortal Qi Jue was revived ahead of time.

 Wu Yong was a formidable person with a sharp mind, the more he thought about it, the more he suspected Wu Shuai’s actions.

 “It is possible that Wu Shuai knows about Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s existence. After all, he has some sort of relationship with Fang Yuan, and Fang Yuan possesses Spring Autumn Cicada, it is not strange that he knows some secrets.” Wu Yong thought of Fang Yuan.

 “Did Fang Yuan come here?” Inside Demon Judgment Board, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were guessing.

 Fang Yuan was a person who had been reborn, if he knew about the secret of Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s revival, he might likely hide somewhere to make his move!

 Precisely because of this concern, Demon Judgment Board did not take action. Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was also waiting for something to happen.

 But Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not want to let them off.

 “Today is the wonderful day I revived, come, come, let me see what methods the Gu Immortals of this current era have!”

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue had the appearance of a boy but his tone was that of a man proud of his experience, he actually attacked again.

 At once, milky white qi currents gushed out, filling the world with a tsunami, Heavenly Court, the Southern Alliance, and Wu Shuai’s side were all enveloped.

 “Hmph! Old scoundrel Qi Jue, don’t be too arrogant, we are not afraid of you, we are just wary that Fang Yuan might be hiding somewhere.” Wu Yong spoke, using Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building to retreat immediately.

 Fang Zheng’s voice resounded from Demon Judgment Board: “Precisely! Demonic path senior, even though you are famous in history, you cannot compare to the number one demon in the current world, Gu Yue Fang Yuan! This person destroyed my Heavenly Court’s fate Gu, without him, you would not have revived.”

 “Fang Yuan? I will remember this name.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue stretched his arms, qi currents shooting out rapidly: “But none of you will escape!”

 He was like a bottomless hole, constantly shooting out milky white qi currents.

 These qi currents were unique, ordinary immortal killer moves could not destroy them. At once, three rank eight Immortal Gu Houses fell into a predicament, their speeds fell drastically.

 Wu Shuai snorted, he controlled Dragon Palace to advance instead of retreating, attacking Demon Immortal Qi Jue.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed loudly: “Good, someone with actual guts.”

 A trace of smoke flew out of Dragon Palace.

 Immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not dodge it, he was hit by the smoke, instantly disappearing.

 Wu Shuai had a perplexed expression, he was like a fisherman spreading his web, he used all his strength to cast the web but in the end, he only caught some bubbles without any fish.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s body appeared again, this time, he was far away.

 He looked at Dragon Palace deeply with an expression of wariness: “Good, I’ll remember this.”

 He gave up on Dragon Palace, he went to attack Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and Demon Judgment Board instead.

 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building emitted wild winds while Demon Judgment Board shot out powerful blood red lights, they both displayed their might.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s moves were mostly grand and wide ranged, he managed to suppress the two Immortal Gu Houses.

 After more than ten rounds, bright light shined in his eyes as he shouted: “Good, good, good, to think that people have already created wind path and blood path, this is truly exciting. I did not waste my effort in arranging for my revival in this great era!”

 “Other than you people, who else is there in this world?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue asked.

 Wu Yong smiled coldly: “Ignoring anyone else, Eastern Sea has quite the formidable person. He also cultivates qi path, his battle strength is definitely higher than yours. He stays in qi sea, he calls himself Qi Sea Ancestor, he is the undisputed leader of the current Eastern Sea righteous path!”

 “Oh? There is a qi path cultivator? Back in my day, qi path was already declining, to think that it would still linger until today! Very good, it seems I will need to meet him.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed loudly in joy.

 Wu Yong continued: “Other than Qi Sea Ancestor, there is also a sound path demonic immortal named Feng Jiu Ge. He has also defeated the Evil Dragon in one move with much greater ease than you. In the battle earlier, he betrayed Heavenly Court openly and now his whereabouts are unknown, but Heavenly Court does not dare to release an arrest warrant for him.”

 “Feng Jiu Ge? Good, I’ll remember him. Anyone else?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s eyes shined.

 Wu Shuai interrupted at this moment: “Get past us first, old man.”

 As he said that, Dragon Palace flew over again.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled lightly as he pointed: “Lower qi.”

 Milky white qi currents gushed out and caused Dragon Palace to fall in altitude.

 At this time, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building carried a storm with it as it charged towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue pointed another finger: “Upper qi.”

 Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building was swept away by the qi currents, flying upwards uncontrollably.

 Demon Judgment Board arrived in front of him.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue stretched out two fingers as he pointed at this house: “Upper-lower breathless qi.”

 Demon Judgment Board erupted with a loud sound as it stayed stationary in midair. The Gu Immortals inside had changes of expressions, the immortal essence that they tried to instill became choppy, this rank eight Immortal Gu House was like a dying old man who could not take proper breaths at this moment.

 “Juniors, I’m not going to play with you anymore. Go and spread the word, tell Fang Yuan, Qi Sea Ancestor, and Feng Jiu Ge that I will visit them soon. They can’t hide from me.”

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue had just said this when his figure vanished, he did not appear anymore.

 All of the immortals were wary now, after getting rid of the remaining milky white qi currents, they confirmed that Demon Immortal Qi Jue had truly left the scene.

 “Do we pursue him?” Someone within Dragon Palace asked.

 Wu Shuai snorted coldly: “Where did he go? Why don’t you tell me?”

 The Gu Immortal who asked turned pale, he lowered his head, not daring to say another word.

 “Let’s retreat.” Wu Yong smiled, not forgetting to salvage the morale: “Even though we did not have much gains this time, fighting against someone like Demon Immortal Qi Jue is worth the trip after all.”

 “Sigh! After Fang Yuan comes Demon Immortal Qi Jue, I really do not know which great expert will revive next!” Fang Zheng was filled with worries, he mobilized Demon Judgment Board to quickly leave the battlefield.



***
Chapter 2001 Recruiting Qi Sea Ancestor


***





 



 Demon Immortal Qi Jue revived, he suppressed Heavenly Court, Southern Border, and the two heavens. News of this battle soon spread in the entire Gu Immortal world, everyone in the world was shocked.

 “To think that Demon Immortal Qi Jue revived!”

 “The world is really going into chaos, I wonder how many great experts will revive next?”

 “Demon Immortal Qi Jue was able to revive, there’s no reason the venerables cannot, right? Oh heavens!”

 “No wonder they said Great Dream Immortal Venerable would be the strongest venerable in history. Being able to emerge as a venerable in this terrifying era means they have to be incredibly strong.”

 While countless Gu Immortals made their guesses, the three parties involved were actively recuperating.

 Dragon Palace.

 “Sigh, I thought that I would be able to obtain Qi Jue’s true inheritance, to think that it was a trap!”

 “Now that Demon Immortal Qi Jue has revived and we actually offended him, what do we do now?”

 “It is all Xiao He Jian’s fault, he caused our two heavens alliance to fall into this awkward position.”

 Most of the variant human Gu Immortals looked towards Xiao He Jian with animosity.

 Xiao He Jian smiled coldly, he knew that this was the act of Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, attempting to suppress him.

 He had just joined the two heavens alliance but because of his great strength and reputation, he was already threatening Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s status, this was the cause of the animosity from the opposing faction.

 “Have you all said enough?” At the main seat, Wu Shuai snorted coldly in displeasure.

 Instantly, Dragon Palace became silent, all the immortals shut up.

 At this point, Xiao He Jian showed a shameful expression, he bowed to Wu Shuai, saying in a tone of sincerity: “Lord Alliance Leader, I am at fault…”

 But before he continued, Wu Shuai interrupted: “Enough, keep quiet. Even if Demon Immortal Qi Jue comes, we have the Evil Dragon and Dragon Palace, what is there to fear? The most urgent matter now is the qi harvest fruits in your grotto-heavens.”

 “Demon Immortal Qi Jue revived using a qi harvest fruit, this thing clearly contains secrets and profundities, we have not explored it sufficiently. How are we going to get rid of the qi harvest fruits in your grotto-heavens? If we do not act quickly, your grotto-heavens will be in danger.”

 “Indeed, indeed.”

 “Lord Alliance Leader is right!”

 “My grotto-heaven has already started producing a qi harvest fruit, this fruit is absorbing the heaven and earth qi of my grotto-heaven, it cannot be removed by force.”

 “The same situation is happening in my grotto-heaven.”

 “Right now is not the time to take revenge on Heavenly Court or defend against Demon Immortal Qi Jue, the most important thing is to get rid of the qi harvest fruits in our grotto-heavens.”

 At once, all the immortals in the palace changed expressions as the topic was shifted to the qi harvest fruit.

 However, this talk bore no fruit, the palace soon became shrouded in an atmosphere of panic and fear.

 Even Xiao He Jian was the same.

 Even though his grotto-heaven had not produced any qi harvest fruits yet, at this rate of development, it was only a matter of time.

 Even Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch did not have the mood to compete with Xiao He Jian.

 His Ice Crystal grotto-heaven’s qi harvest fruit was the largest, he was in the greatest danger.

 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord also showed a bitter expression.

 His grotto-heaven was not spared either, a qi harvest fruit was growing in it. Even though it was still small now, it was growing at a terrifying speed.

 But Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was much less anxious than the rest.

 “If the two heavens alliance cannot resolve it, I can get help from Heavenly Court.”

 At this crucial juncture, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord felt that his decision to join Heavenly Court was extremely wise!

 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord had a lot of expectations towards Heavenly Court.

 After all, the first generation Heavenly Court Immortal King was Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, he was a qi path cultivator.

 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord secretly informed Heavenly Court about this as he sought help from them.

 Heavenly Court had sent Fang Zheng and the rest to Qi Jue grotto-heaven but Demon Judgment Board did not enter it at all, he did not know what happened inside.

 After getting Night Heavenly Wolf Lord’s information, Heavenly Court learned the truth.

 Qin Ding Ling placed huge emphasis on Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s revival using the qi harvest fruit, as well as the disaster occurring in the two heavens’ grotto-heavens! This was because Heavenly Court was not exempted, a qi harvest fruit was also growing in it.

 She immediately summoned the immortals to research and think of countermeasures.

 Heavenly Court had deep foundations, even after the fate war, it was still the number one super force in the world.

 Especially when they had Primordial Origin’s qi path true inheritance, they had a huge advantage in qi path, they were at the peak compared to all others.

 And most importantly, Heavenly Court’s research into heaven path was quite extensive, they had great results. Back then, even Limitless Demon Venerable was after their heaven path findings, he made the bet with Star Constellation.

 “Heaven, earth, and humans all have veins, humans have human veins, the earth has earth veins, and heaven has heaven veins.”

 “The two heavens’ grotto-heavens are all situated on the heaven veins, thus they benefit greatly and the grotto-heavens are nourished by the heaven veins, producing even more resources.”

 “However, the world is changing now as qi tides are produced. Qi tides appeared because of the unification of the five regions, the earth veins are becoming one. But the truth is, heaven veins are also merging into one, although the change is not very apparent now.”

 Heavenly Court’s immortals found that the whole of heaven and earth was fusing into one. The five regions were just the start, the two immemorial heavens would start fusing together later as well. The five regions and two heavens were all separated originally, their heaven and earth qi were not the same. But with the fusing of the heaven and earth qi across all regions, qi tides would emerge as the places where they merge.

 Wherever the qi tides go, abundant qi path immortal materials would be produced, qi harvest fruits were the quintessence of them.

 The reason why the two heavens’ grotto-heavens produced qi harvest fruits was because they were situated on the heaven veins, they were facing the brunt of the initial impact.

 “That is to say, as long as these grotto-heavens relocate away from the heaven veins, they will resolve the problem of the qi harvest fruit?” Qin Ding Ling asked.

 “Theoretically yes, or at least, once they move away from the heaven veins, the growth of the qi harvest fruits in the grotto-heavens will stop.” Heavenly Court’s immortals answered.

 Qin Ding Ling frowned: “Once grotto-heavens are placed, they are hard to relocate, unless one has some special method to move them around. Our Heavenly Court is too big, it has the foundation of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s immortal aperture along with the future generations of venerables, and countless immortal apertures of Heavenly Court members, how can we relocate Heavenly Court?”

 Heavenly Court became silent, they fell into deathly silence.

 “Maybe… Demon Immortal Qi Jue has a method?” Breaking the silence, Fang Zheng spoke.

 Qin Ding Ling’s eyes shined with bright light.

 That was true, the possibility of this was high!

 Since Demon Immortal Qi Jue was able to revive using a qi harvest fruit, his understanding regarding qi harvest fruits should surpass everyone else. But to get him to cooperate with Heavenly Court, how hard would it be?!

 “According to historical records, Demon Immortal Qi Jue will definitely not cooperate with Heavenly Court. Rather than him, we have a higher chance of getting Qi Sea Ancestor’s cooperation.”

 “Indeed, we cannot resolve Heavenly Court’s crisis alone. To get rid of this qi harvest fruit calamity, we need a qi path great expert.”

 “Duke Long had once given Qi Sea Ancestor half a portion of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance. During the fate war, Qi Sea Ancestor did not show up, he kept his promise. There is still hope of our cooperation now.”

 “But Qi Sea Ancestor has some relationship with Fang Yuan…”

 “In my opinion, this is a small matter. Ever since Qi Sea Ancestor appeared, all his actions state one motive. He wants to be the leader of Eastern Sea’s righteous path, be it the qi sea banquet or the resistance of the two heavens alliance, they show it clearly. His actions do not align with Fang Yuan’s interests, even if they cooperated before, it is not our problem.”

 “Can’t our Heavenly Court settle this ourselves?”

 “It will be too difficult, ever since the immortal graveyard was destroyed, Star Constellation’s will has not shown up once…”

 “If we can cooperate with Qi Sea Ancestor, we might even be able to get him to join Heavenly Court. We really lack someone with pseudo venerable battle strength now.”

 Qin Ding Ling sighed as she made her decision: “Let’s try it then.”



***
Chapter 2002 Fragment of Xi


***





 



 Immemorial white heaven.

 Aurora lights moved in the air dazzlingly.

 Eastern Sea rank seven Gu Immortal Qing Hui Zi flew around in the sky of aurora lights, unleashing immortal killer moves to continuously retrieve these aurora lights.

 After gathering the rainbow lights in his hands, he turned them into balls.

 The balls were then sent into his immortal aperture and buried in cloud soil. After some time, these aurora light balls would grow and sprout, becoming seedlings. By using lightning water and magnetic sound to water them, flowing light fruits would grow on them.

 Flowing light fruits were a rank six immortal material, formed from extremely dense lights, having all kinds of color like red, brown, yellow, green, black, blue, purple.

 Qing Hui Zi did not only pluck the flowing light fruits, he had his unique plantation methods. Precisely so, he was one of the three main sellers of flowing light fruits in treasure yellow heaven.

 “With the qi tides weakening the heavenly wind qi wall, I can also get past them and explore immemorial white heaven for immortal materials. This is my fortuitous encounter.”

 Qing Hui Zi sighed to himself.

 Aurora lights were very common in the two heavens, they were produced abundantly.

 Qing Hui Zi collected these aurora lights personally, it caused the cost of producing flowing light fruits to fall greatly, he could earn a huge profit.

 As Qing Hui Zi collected the aurora lights, he paid attention to the heavenly wind qi wall below him.

 He did not have the strength to survive long in immemorial white heaven, he could not even break the heavenly wind qi wall. Thus, he needed to pay attention to it constantly, once the hole created by the qi tides start to close up, he would need to return to Eastern Sea.

 It was no joke.

 If Qing Hui Zi got distracted and got trapped in immemorial white heaven, with his strength, he would not last until the next qi tide, he would die in this dangerous immemorial white heaven.

 One could say that Qing Hui Zi was risking his life to get these aurora lights.

 But Gu Immortal cultivation was not easy, even as a rank seven Gu Immortal, Qing Hui Zi needed to take risks to support his livelihood.

 “Xi—!”

 Right at this time, Qing Hui Zi heard a voice.

 Next, winds blew and clouds shook, Qing Hui Zi was shocked to find out that the heavenly wind qi wall below him was being pulled away by a terrifying formless force.

 In a few breaths of time, the surrounding tens of li of heavenly wind qi wall got sucked into the whirlpool at the center.

 “What is going on?!” Qing Hui Zi was overwhelmed by fear and shock: “Is that an immemorial desolate beast? But I’ve never heard of any immemorial desolate beast with such strength!”

 The heavenly wind qi wall vanished entirely, a secluded domain of heaven and earth that had a concave appearance could be seen.

 Next, this silhouette of the secluded domain of heaven and earth went into the nose of a Gu Immortal who resembled a boy.

 Qing Hui Zi saw this boyish Gu Immortal, his entire body and mind shook, he felt like cold water was poured on him, into the depths of his despairing heart.

 “Ah, Demon Immortal Qi Jue!” Qing Hui Zi fell into deep despair: “Why am I so unlucky? I only wanted to collect aurora lights but I ended up encountering Demon Immortal Qi Jue!!”

 The battle of Qi Jue grotto-heaven had happened recently but it could not be hidden, the world knew about it already.

 Even though the killer move everybody’s vision wasn’t around for all the Gu Immortals to witness the battle themselves, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s appearance and methods were widely spread already.

 In the Gu Immortal world, there were a few people publicly recognized as terrifying beings that had to be avoided at all costs.

 The number one person was Fang Yuan.

 This demon had countless methods and outstanding strength, he did things without any regard or concern, he was ruthless and cruel, even Heavenly Court had no choice against him.

 Wu Shuai was also on the list, he was the leader of the dragonmen, owner of Dragon Palace which enslaved Di Zang Sheng, he bore deep grudges towards humanity.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was a newly added person.

 As for Heavenly Court and Qi Sea Ancestor, because of their factions, they would not bully the weak, thus they were not on this list.

 After Qing Hui Zi saw Demon Immortal Qi Jue, he recognized the demon, he stared in shock, frozen on the spot like a statue.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue frowned as he looked at his palm.

 His palm was tiny and smooth, his body was still small like a boy.

 Thinking about his revival, Demon Immortal Qi Jue felt angry and annoyed.

 If he had some more time, he would revive perfectly and have the body of an adult. But the Evil Dragon caused great destruction in its movement, he had to revive in advance, it caused his body’s growth to be halted, his potential was limited.

 After absorbing this heavenly wind qi wall, he finally recovered some losses from the intense battle earlier.

 After resting, he was going to set off again.

 “Junior, come here.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue looked towards Qing Hui Zi and called out.

 Qing Hui Zi shivered, he went towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue with a bitter expression, fearing for his life.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled lightly, he stretched out his finger as an eerie qi current flew out.

 The qi current quickly surrounded Qing Hui Zi’s body, he wanted to resist subconsciously but Demon Immortal Qi Jue shouted: “Don’t move!”

 Qing Hui Zi gritted his teeth, not daring to move at all.

 He gave up on struggling, he let the qi currents enter his body and move around his soul.

 After some time, Demon Immortal Qi Jue absorbed all of the qi currents that entered Qing Hui Zi back into his own body.

 Instantly, he received a vast amount of information, he gained a much deeper understanding of the current era.

 “This is truly a wonderful era filled with great excitement, interesting!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s eyes shined as he spoke in amazement.

 Next, he instructed Qing Hui Zi: “Hand over your Gu worms.”

 Qing Hui Zi’s lips twitched, for an instance, he wanted to resist but soon, logic took over his mind, he obediently handed over all of his Gu worms to Demon Immortal Qi Jue.

 This action made Demon Immortal Qi Jue reassess him.

 After taking away these Gu worms, Demon Immortal Qi Jue inspected all of them, he only took a few glances at Qing Hui Zi’s light path Immortal Gu before he placed his focus on those exceptional mortal Gu.

 Especially Gu worms like soul search Gu, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was very interested in them.

 At the end, he even returned the light path Immortal Gu to Qing Hui Zi.

 Qing Hui Zi was very surprised.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled: “Junior, you are not stupid enough to resist me. Who do you think I am? Why would I be greedy and take your trifling Immortal Gu? Scram now.”

 Qing Hui Zi was in disbelief before it turned into deep joy: “Junior will never forget Senior Qi Jue’s magnanimity.”

 “Hahaha, I searched your soul, why is there a need to thank me?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed: “Go ahead and hate me, I don’t care. Even though this era is great, in the entire world, in the absence of the venerables, there are few people who I can take interest in. Even though I lack Immortal Gu, I have not sunk down to the level of snatching light path Immortal Gu. I want to take some qi path Immortal Gu!”

 Qing Hui Zi instantly had a thought: “Senior, you want to go to qi sea?”

 But at the next moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue waved his sleeves impatiently.

 Qing Hui Zi was surrounded by qi currents and could not move, he was sent flying by the movement of the qi currents.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue snorted, he did not look at Qing Hui Zi, he flew towards the direction of qi sea instead.

 “I wonder how powerful this Qi Sea Ancestor is, hehe, I hope his qi path Immortal Gu will not disappoint me.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue carried great confidence as he went towards qi sea.

 He flew in the sky of Eastern Sea, he was surrounded by qi currents as he moved rapidly across various sea areas.

 He did not conceal his traces, causing huge waves along the way, the commotion shook the surroundings, his demonic might was exposed in full view. Along the way, he met several Eastern Sea Gu Immortals, these people scrambled in panic as they escaped.

 “Oh?” Halfway through his journey, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s expression turned to shock as he stopped his movement.

 He felt a movement in his secluded domain of heaven and earth.

 “Don’t tell me?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue was slightly stunned, he thought of something as joy appeared on his face.

 He temporarily put aside the plan to head to qi sea, he changed directions and went southwest instead.

 After some time, he arrived at a sea area.

 The sky here had many white clouds, shrouding his vision, he could not see any starlight. Even when the sun was blazing, the sunlight could not penetrate the cloud layers, it only made the place brighter.

 The surface of the sea was calm but inside it were countless currents. These currents were of all types and forms. They interlinked with one another, they moved in this sea area with absolutely no rhythm or pattern. Without the defensive methods of a Gu Immortal, mortal corpses would be torn to shreds in the currents instantly.

 It was the turbulent flow sea area.

 After inspecting it closely, Demon Immortal Qi Jue became quite happy: “Wonderful, wonderful. This sea area must have a fragment of Xi, that is the reason why it can create such turbulent currents.”

 “To think that my luck would be strong after reviving.”

 “I’ll retrieve this fragment first and absorb it before going to find that Qi Sea Ancestor.”

 Thinking of this, Demon Immortal Qi Jue plunged into the sea, vanishing from plain sight.



***
Chapter 2003 Qi Jue Suppresses Qi Sea


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.

 The disasters were still ongoing, the situation was slowly moving towards the abyss of doom.

 Fang Yuan’s losses were severe. In order to save his resource points, he had already deployed the variant human and human Gu Immortals in his immortal aperture to different areas, they were tasked to take care of the resources and they were even given mortal Gu that could be used to detect heaven’s will.

 Along with Fang Yuan’s time path clone and main body working together to get rid of the newly created heaven’s will, he managed to save all the large resource points in the sovereign immortal aperture.

 However, as long as the heaven path dao marks were not refined by Fang Yuan, they would continue to produce endless heaven’s will in increasing quantity.

 Even though Fang Yuan was using his full strength, he could not stop the situation from aggravating further.

 He could only barely protect his resource points now, but the sovereign immortal aperture was too huge, resource points were only a small part of it. In most areas, heaven’s will was produced, moving towards the respective resource points like a huge army.

 Fang Yuan knew that this situation was at its most crucial point now!

 He could no longer cleanse all the heaven’s will, in order to prevent the grotto-heaven’s heaven’s will from linking with the five regions, he had to create an isolated secret space in qi sea, to prevent heaven’s will from detecting him.

 As for the external situation, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s revival was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations, Demon Immortal Qi Jue said that he would go and meet Qi Sea Ancestor, he was not joking.

 There were both internal and external problems!

 “Now, it will depend on the effectiveness of this immortal formation.” Fang Yuan’s concentration was invested into this rule path formation.

 This formation was situated in Mini Blue Heaven, it floated on its own, it was a modified version of the five regional limit formation.

 Fang Yuan had wisdom path attainment, he knew long ago that the situation would progress like this, he made preparations in advance and tried to come up with countermeasures early.

 Not long ago, he gained some inspiration and decided to mimic the qi tides to deal with the heaven’s will in his immortal aperture.

 And this rule path formation was the fruit of his research.

 Rank eight immortal essence was already piled up at the side, stored into the immortal formation. With Fang Yuan’s thought, this huge formation that covered the range of more than ten li started to activate.

 Whoosh whoosh whoosh…

 The formation created huge winds, as the sounds of the wind resounded in heaven and earth, countless qi currents appeared from the formation, as if the entire sky was covered in steam, it was completely white, one could not see anything.

 The formation suddenly emitted profound light. The profound light landed on the white qi and pushed it like a giant hand.

 At the next moment, thirty percent of the white steam qi moved forward like a gushing fountain.

 The profound light entered the white qi and modified it, causing the scattered white qi to become more concentrated.

 Finally, the white qi that was pushed out turned into a qi tide as it swept towards the southeast direction firmly. Along the way, the qi tide was like a brush that cleaned up the surrounding heaven and earth qi in its path.

 In terms of strength, the qi tide that Fang Yuan created could not compare to a true one. But its strength was quite amazing already, it could easily take the lives of mortal Gu Masters.

 This was also why Fang Yuan set up the formation in Mini Blue Heaven, it was to prevent an accident from slaughtering countless lifeforms, it would cause him a huge loss.

 After moving for an hour, this qi tide almost reached the aperture wall boundary of Mini Blue Heaven.

 Fang Yuan inspected the results, he found that the heaven’s will that he had specially arranged here was all cleanly removed, not a trace was left. Furthermore, along the path that the qi tide moved, heaven and earth qi were well blended, it was peaceful and calm.

 Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, this was good news.

 With this formation, he could finally get rid of the huge problem of heaven’s will.

 This carried huge significance to him!

 If he could not get rid of heaven’s will, he would be trapped inside qi sea’s formation to prevent his location and identity from being exposed to heaven’s will.

 The pressure that was weighing down on Fang Yuan dissipated to some extent.

 Now that he looked at the qi tide again, he felt that he had a deeper understanding of it.

 “Qi tides are created because of the differences in heaven and earth qi. It is like how water flows down a cliff to create a waterfall. The qi tides are similar, because of the disappearance of the regional walls, with the unification of earth veins, the different heaven and earth qi of the five regions merge and cause qi tides to appear.”

 “In the future, when heaven and earth qi becomes the same in all five regions, there will no longer be any qi tides.”

 “As for the five regional walls? The truth is, they are all qi tides in essence.”

 The heaven and earth qi of the five regions were different, thus at the intersection points of these regions, there would be disparity in the heaven and earth qi. But because the earth veins were different back then, the heaven and earth qi could not fuse together like now, they eventually gathered and formed into dense regional walls.

 Gu Immortals suffer backlash when using killer moves in the five regional walls, it was similar to being in the qi tides. The reason was that their own heaven and earth qi differed from those in the regional walls.

 As for the five regional walls that Tao Zhu researched on for his entire life, they were simply just qi tides!

 However, his research was focused on the aspect of rule path. His main result was five restriction profound light qi, from this name alone, it showed a connection to qi path.

 Fang Yuan had Tao Zhu’s true inheritance, he had half a portion of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, along with Qi Xiang’s foundation and his own qi path attainment level, he had immense foundation, Fang Yuan quickly made some progress and obtained gains.

 “Next, I will need to modify this formation slightly and scatter the sub-formations all over the aperture, I will send out qi tides to eliminate heaven’s will.”

 “The problem of heaven’s will has been settled, but the refinement of heaven path dao marks is still a huge problem.”

 But Fang Yuan had to put this problem aside for now, because he had to guard against Demon Immortal Qi Jue, who was coming for him.

 The identity of Qi Sea Ancestor was very valuable. During the fate war, Fang Yuan tried his best to conceal it, he did not expose any clues that they were the same person.

 In order to preserve his Qi Sea Ancestor identity, Fang Yuan’s main obstacle now was Demon Immortal Qi Jue.

 On one hand, Fang Yuan used the formation to settle his internal threat, on the other hand, he waited patiently for Demon Immortal Qi Jue to arrive.

 According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was going to come here for a fight during this period of time.

 After waiting for some time, one day, a change occurred above qi sea.

 White qi waves surged in the sky, they were grand and unceasing, pressing down on qi sea with immense force.

 Within the qi waves, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s boyish figure could be vaguely seen, filled with demonic aura.

 Soon, his young but confident voice resounded: “Junior Qi Sea, I, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, have come here for you.”

 “Qi Jue, what is the matter?” Fang Yuan appeared, activating qi sea’s formation as he stood on the surface of the sea, looking up and speaking.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue chuckled: “I have just revived, I do not have my Immortal Gu now. I heard that you are the sole qi path great expert at the peak of rank eight, I have come here to borrow some Gu.”

 “Hahaha, borrow Gu indeed.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, he could feel the arrogance in Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s words: “The Immortal Gu are with me, whether you can get them will depend on your abilities.”

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed as his young face showed deep battle intent: “Good! Junior, I like your personality, face this move of mine.”

 Immortal killer move — Great Qi Grasp!

 Instantly, a milky white qi current hand flew out like a small mountain, pressing down on Fang Yuan.

 This was the move that made Di Zang Sheng cry out in pain, it was incredibly profound, able to scatter or take form, Gu Immortals could not deal with it easily.

 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, he had a calm expression that showed no anxiety. He extended his hand and he pushed forward.

 Rumble!

 A qi wall that was a hundred li long soared up into the sky, it was grand and magnificent.

 The qi wall collided into the hand, the hand was forced to retreat, it could not stop the qi wall from flying up.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled lightly, he pointed his finger as the qi current hand scattered, attempting to infiltrate the qi wall in the form of countless currents.

 But the attempt failed to do anything.

 Fang Yuan’s qi wall was not only huge, it was densely packed, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had no way to penetrate it.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s expression changed at this moment: “This is a powerful qi wall, what is the name of your move?”

 Fang Yuan said frankly: “I created this move specially for you, Qi Jue, I have not named it yet. Do you have any good suggestions?”

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue squinted uncontrollably as bright light shined in his eyes.

 The fact that Qi Sea Ancestor had just created this move was scarier than him having this move for a long time. This meant that Qi Sea Ancestor had very high qi path attainment level, he could observe the battle situation and modify his own qi path killer move successfully to deal with his enemies!

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not know that Fang Yuan was focused on modifying the five regional limit formation, this qi wall killer move was merely a small part of his effort.

 Even though Fang Yuan lost wisdom Gu, he still had abundant wisdom path methods.

 As the qi wall continued to rise into the sky, the milky white qi currents that filled the sky had to retreat further upwards.

 By the time it reached Demon Immortal Qi Jue, the qi wall suddenly transformed, it turned into two hands, one black and one white, clapping together from the right and left directions.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not dodge, he allowed the black and white hands to grab him.

 As the hands started to exert pressure, at the next moment, there was a loud voice coming from within the hands: “Xi—!”

 Both hands were instantly absorbed into the silhouette of a concave secluded domain.

 This time, it was Fang Yuan’s turn to be shocked, he keenly sensed that the secluded domain of heaven and earth above Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s head was more complete than the last time he saw it.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue knew that ordinary methods could not work against Qi Sea Ancestor, he directly used his trump card.

 Secluded domain of heaven and earth — Xi.

 Fang Yuan tried to use his methods, all sorts of qi path killer moves attacked Demon Immortal Qi Jue, but Xi Land would absorb them all. It was like a bottomless hole, Fang Yuan could not fill it up no matter what.

 With Xi Land above his head, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had the advantage, he could not lose.

 He even started to critique Fang Yuan’s qi path killer moves casually.

 “This pair of black and white hands is a nice concept, by including yin and yang qi, you can use the attraction force of the two to amplify the power of this move.”

 “Your qi path defenses are also quite impressive. Every single thread of your clothes is made of wind qi, are you trying to mimic the heavenly wind qi wall?”

 “It is a true pity. If it were before, you would still be a threat to me. But regrettably, I have recently dismantled the turbulent flow sea area and also completely fixed Xi Land. With this, I can counter all qi path methods in the world, Junior Qi Sea, you are no exception!”

 “How is it? May I borrow your Immortal Gu now?”

 The reason why Demon Immortal Qi Jue gained his reputation was because of this, it countered all qi path methods in the world.

 All qi path killer moves would be absorbed by Xi Land, unless the killer move could surpass the limits of Xi Land. But the problem was that Demon Immortal Qi Jue had already fully repaired Xi Land, it experienced a qualitative change in battle strength.

 In a way, it was easier for him to deal with Qi Sea Ancestor than Wu Shuai, who controlled Dragon Palace.



***
Chapter 2004 Heavenly Courts Reinforcements


***





 



 Turbulent white qi covered the sky above qi sea in a chaotic fashion.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue stared down at Qi Sea Ancestor while emitting a grand demonic aura. The phantom image of Xi Land appeared in its full glory above his head, placing him in a highly advantageous position.


 "Junior Qi Sea, is my cultivation enough to borrow Gu from you?" Demon Immortal Qi Jue said again.


 Fang Yuan felt heaviness.


 The previous exchange of moves had already allowed him to understand many details about Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 There was no need to mention the various killer moves possessed by Demon Immortal Qi Jue, his trump card was clearly the secluded domain of heaven and earth, Xi Land. With this secluded domain of heaven and earth, he could counter all qi path Gu Immortals in the world.


 If it were other paths, Demon Immortal Qi Jue would not have such huge dominance. But Qi Sea Ancestor’s main cultivation happened to be qi path and was thus suppressed heavily.


 This showed Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s nature.


 He might be domineering in his actions, but he was not stupid, he knew how to play to his advantage. Thus, after he revived, he did not continue fighting with the three sides and chose to retreat wisely. He then completed his Xi Land along the way and increased his battle strength. Now, he appeared in front of Qi Sea Ancestor and demanded to borrow Immortal Gu.


 The moment he gains rank eight qi path Immortal Gu, his strength would definitely soar and firmly hold its position at the peak of the present age.


 With just Qi Sea Ancestor’s methods, Fang Yuan was indeed not Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s match, but he was not panicked.


 Fang Yuan always took action after planning first.


 He had already known of Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s threat and modified qi sea’s formation. As long as he retreated into the formation, he would be able to resist for some time.


 If Demon Immortal Qi Jue charged into the formation, Fang Yuan could detonate this large formation and create an opportunity to retreat.


 Speaking of it, Fang Yuan had obtained this detonation method from Fang Di Chang. Back then, Fang Di Chang set a trap for Fang Yuan in Divine Bean Palace, he wanted to sacrifice wisdom path Gu Immortal Suan Bu Jin by detonating the Immortal Gu House inside Divine Bean Palace and thus break through the impasse and refine Divine Bean Palace in one move.


 Fang Yuan saw through the scheme and captured Fang Di Chang. After soul searching, he obtained the method of Immortal Gu House self-detonation. He then modified the method and arranged it in qi sea’s formation.


 The self-detonation would be extremely powerful, even if it did not threaten Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s life, it could obstruct him for a period of time.


 Fang Yuan was very confident about this.


 But...


 If Fang Yuan used the formation’s self-detonation to retreat, the value of this Qi Sea Ancestor identity would fall sharply.


 To preserve this identity, Fang Yuan intentionally restrained himself from using many qi path methods during the fate war. Even unlimited qi sea was used just once.


 Were Fang Yuan to retreat, it would mean Qi Sea Ancestor was defeated by Demon Immortal Qi Jue. From then on, Qi Sea Ancestor’s reputation would fall greatly and his appeal to Eastern Sea would lower sharply.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue frowned slightly, he had spoken twice but Qi Sea Ancestor did not respond. His patience reached the limits.


 He snorted and was about to continue attacking when a blood red ray of light suddenly pierced through the skies and shot right towards his face.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue dodged quickly and turned around to see Demon Judgment Board appear in the horizon.


 "Heavenly Court, you again!" Demon Immortal Qi Jue sneered: "I am not looking for trouble with you but you are instead trying to provoke me. After such a heavy defeat in the fate war, what confidence do you have to act like this?"


 "Heavenly Court defends humanity’s righteous path, our actions are not because of confidence but because of our beliefs!" A reply came from inside Demon Judgment Board.


 This was not Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s voice, it was a female voice.


 Fang Yuan’s heart shook slightly when he heard the voice: "Qin Ding Ling came personally? So the reinforcement shown by my luck actually refers to her!"


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue pointed his finger towards Demon Judgment Board.


 Qi currents surged and transformed, rapidly gathering into a lump. In an instant, hundreds of milky white qi spheres shot towards Demon Judgment Board like meteors, creating a series of explosions.


 Demon Judgment Board’s momentum stopped and shook violently from the explosions.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was about to say something when his expression changed suddenly. He quickly withdrew and moved away from his spot like lightning.


 The previous blood red ray of light shot by Demon Judgment Board actually turned around to attack him.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue evaded the blood red light but he did not expect golden light to shoot out from this blood red light.


 The golden light condensed rapidly into a huge golden scissors above Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s head.


 Crack, crack.


 The golden scissors cut Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s head repeatedly, but the attacks seemed to be in vain.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue, however, paled suddenly.


 "This is a luck path method!"


 He quickly activated investigative killer moves and immediately felt a loss: "Damn it, these golden scissors are cutting my luck!"


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue put great emphasis on maintaining his luck, after his revival and later dismantling turbulent flow sea area to replenish Xi Land, he had already consumed a lot of his luck. The attacks of the giant scissors were making things worse.


 "Qi Sea, Heavenly Court, I will remember this. If there is a chance in the future, I will settle it with both of you properly." Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s voice resonated throughout the area.


 After this sentence, he immediately entered milky white qi currents that filled the sky and left the battlefield rapidly.


 "Retreating again?" Gu Yue Fang Zheng, who was inside Demon Judgment Board, was somewhat stunned.


 On the contrary, other Heavenly Court members looked solemn.


 Qin Ding Ling sighed and explained to Fang Zheng: "This is the terrifying thing about Demon Immortal Qi Jue. He always maintains his calm and has a clear judgment of the situation. We can only give him some trouble, but in the current situation, Qi Sea Ancestor would not just stay on the sidelines. With Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s battle strength, it won’t be difficult for him to oppose our joint attacks. But the battle will be intense and his plan to borrow qi path Immortal Gu has no chance to succeed. So he directly chose to retreat to preserve his strength."


 Fang Zheng immediately realized: "I understand. Demon Immortal Qi Jue is a person from a million years ago after all, he has just revived and doesn’t have much contact with new paths. Against Demon Judgment Board’s blood path attack and your luck path golden scissors, he prioritized on dodging them. When he gets familiar with these paths and modifies his killer moves, it will be much more difficult for us to confront him."


 "That is correct." Qin Ding Ling nodded: "Let’s get out and have a talk with Qi Sea Ancestor."


 Heavenly Court Gu Immortals filed out with Qin Ding Ling taking the lead and Gu Yue Fang Zheng following closely behind.


 They put away Demon Judgment Board of their own initiative, demonstrating Heavenly Court’s sincerity.


 "Thank you for helping this old man get through this danger." Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh.


 Qin Ding Ling was wearing a golden armor and a cape, and in combination with her tall body, wide shoulders and long legs, she emitted heroic aura. But this heroic aura was different from Feng Jin Huang’s, it had a natural nobleness to it that felt like it was innately above others.


 But right now, Qin Ding Ling had a smile on her face as she showed the initiative to get close to Fang Yuan.


 She spoke: "Ancestor, if not for your injuries, how could Demon Immortal Qi Jue be so rampant? Moreover, I saw that you were calm throughout the battle, you definitely have some trump cards up your sleeves. We might even have to ask for your understanding and to not blame us for interfering."


 These words were so polite that Fang Yuan felt like it was similar to a warm spring breeze.


 Heavenly Court’s attitude was different compared to his previous life. At that time, Heavenly Court was oppressive and gave no way out for others. But in this life, Heavenly Court’s leader took the initiative to treat others warmly.


 After the fate war, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals’ attitude was completely different from before the war. Before the fate war, Heavenly Court had fate Gu and possessed huge advantages. But now that fate Gu was destroyed, Heavenly Court’s strength had diminished sharply, on one hand, they were actively recuperating, while on the other hand, they took the initiative to make alliances.


 Qi Sea Ancestor became a goal in Heavenly Court’s eyes and was the best ally for them.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue wanted to find an expert to spar with, naturally, he would first look for Qi Sea Ancestor. After all, be they Fang Yuan or Feng Jiu Ge, their traces were vague and hard to find. However, Qi Sea Ancestor stayed in qi sea and could be found easily.


 Since Heavenly Court wanted to ally with Qi Sea Ancestor, they naturally wanted to use Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 After all, adding icing on the cake cannot compare to offering help in times of need.


 Heavenly Court helped Qi Sea Ancestor ward off Demon Immortal Qi Jue, it was not a casual action but was planned for a long time.


 It was not only Fang Yuan who had been waiting patiently for Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Heavenly Court was also the same.


 "Friends, please come in. Let this old man prepare a simple feast to express some gratitude." Fang Yuan led the Heavenly Court immortals into qi sea’s formation.


 He prepared a feast and hosted the Heavenly Court immortals.


 During the banquet, the Xia clan immortals who were staying as guests were also invited to join.


 The Xia clan immortals were grateful towards the Heavenly Court immortals, they had a very enthusiastic attitude.


 They had seen Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s fight with Qi Sea Ancestor, they felt very worried.


 Their territory was already seized by Wu Shuai, so they could only put the hope of regaining their territory in Qi Sea Ancestor. If Qi Sea Ancestor was defeated or died, it would be a cruel blow to all the Xia clan members.


 Thus, Heavenly Court helping Qi Sea Ancestor was like helping them.


 When Qin Ding Ling saw the Xia clan immortals, she immediately expressed her sympathy and condemned the two heavens alliance. She even promised she would certainly fight against this large variant human alliance.


 This attitude made Xia clan have an even better impression of them.


 The face of Xia clan’s first supreme elder even reddened with joy.


 This was different from the empty words of the other Eastern Sea super forces, Heavenly Court had truly taken actions. Previously, Demon Judgment Board carried three immortals and attacked the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, every Gu Immortal in the world knew of this.


 Qin Ding Ling inquired about Xia clan’s recent situation.


 All the Xia clan Gu Immortals replied: They were hosted well by Qi Sea Ancestor and would always be grateful, it was just that they had a worry about when they could return to their home.


 Qin Ding Ling realized Qi Sea Ancestor’s intention.


 "He is raising his reputation! His ambition is truly big."


 Qin Ding Ling was happy to see this. As long as Qi Sea Ancestor had greed and ambition, they would have the foundation to cooperate.


 Fang Yuan naturally did not invite the Xia clan Gu Immortals to join the banquet for no reason.


 Through Qin Ding Ling’s attitude towards the Xia clan Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan was even more certain of Heavenly Court’s purpose in coming here. At the same time, he was also making this native force, Xia clan, serve as a witness. After all, as an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, having close ties with Heavenly Court would lower Qi Sea Ancestor’s authority in Eastern Sea.


 After a few rounds of wine, Fang Yuan took the initiative to speak: "Friends from Heavenly Court, you helped me today, this old man shall remember this favor. If Heavenly Court has any trouble in the future, I am willing to contribute my strength to Heavenly Court."


 This was a clear gesture.


 Heavenly Court’s immortals were spirited when they heard it.


 Qin Ding Ling put down her cup slowly and looked at Qi Sea Ancestor with a smile as she finally got to the main topic: "To tell the truth, Heavenly Court is indeed facing some issues currently. We came to ask for Ancestor’s help."


 "Oh? Please explain." Fang Yuan asked straightforwardly.


 Qin Ding Ling did not mention the matter of the qi harvest fruit emerging in Heavenly Court, instead she handed over an information path mortal Gu to Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Fang Yuan probed with his consciousness and was immediately moved.


 The content of this information path mortal Gu was the remaining half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance!



***
Chapter 2005 Cooperating with Heavenly Cour


***





 



 The moment Fang Yuan saw this remaining half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, he had a thought, it was not related to the true inheritance.


 "Should I use this chance to capture these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals in one fell swoop?"


 This thought was very attractive.


 Qin Ding Ling was currently the temporary leader of Heavenly Court, Heavenly Court would definitely receive a huge blow if they lost her. Gu Yue Fang Zheng was arranged by heaven’s will and was a crucial character to restrain the otherworldly demon Fang Yuan. If Fang Yuan killed him, he would be free from this shackle. The accompanying Prince Feng Xian, Bai Cang Shui, and the rest were also pillars of Heavenly Court currently. If they were gone, it would be a great disaster to Heavenly Court and the whole of Central Continent’s righteous path.


 But thinking about it, Fang Yuan gave up on this idea.


 His current strength was not complete and he could not maintain his battle strength because of the heaven path dao marks.


 On the surface, the Heavenly Court immortals were conversing happily and looked relaxed, but how could they not be on guard in Qi Sea Ancestor’s domain?


 It was just that they pretended to be relaxed to show their sincerity and friendliness.


 Even if Fang Yuan activated qi sea’s formation, the Heavenly Court immortals would definitely take out Immortal Gu Houses immediately and defend.


 Were he to attack the Heavenly Court immortals right now, whether it resulted in victory or defeat, Fang Yuan’s Qi Sea Ancestor identity would be met with heavy scrutiny.


 In truth, Fang Yuan was willing to cooperate with Heavenly Court.


 Even though Heavenly Court tried all methods to create difficulties for Fang Yuan and attempted to kill him, even forcing him into near death situations, as long as there were enough benefits that were useful for him in pursuing eternal life, Fang Yuan was not conflicted over cooperating with Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court wanted to cooperate with Qi Sea Ancestor for their own benefits.


 Fang Yuan would also similarly receive huge gains from cooperating with Heavenly Court.


 There was no need to mention the long term benefits, merely Fang Yuan forcing back Demon Immortal Qi Jue with the help of Heavenly Court was enough to guarantee the value of this Qi Sea Ancestor identity. At the same time, Heavenly Court also took the initiative to give the remaining half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance to him!


 Fang Yuan was rather moved as he held the information path mortal Gu.


 Back then, he had spent much thought and effort to scheme for this qi path true inheritance. Duke Long was shrewd, Thieving Heaven’s method could reduce his lifespan but he pretended it did not work and used half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance to successfully stabilize Qi Sea Ancestor.


 The remaining half was held firmly by Duke Long and Fang Yuan was unable to get it.


 Fang Yuan did not hold any hope but who could have thought that after the fate war, he would actually obtain the remaining half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance through Qin Ding Ling.


 In the remaining half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, the triple qi retraction Fang Yuan coveted was recorded.


 "Qin Ding Ling cannot be underestimated." Fang Yuan sighed in his head.


 Without even mentioning any requests, Qin Ding Ling directly handed the remaining half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance to Qi Sea Ancestor, the courage needed for this move was truly immense. Qin Ding Ling’s and Heavenly Court’s sincerity was shown fully.


 "If Qin Ding Ling knew I was Fang Yuan, I wonder what expression she would show?"


 Duke Long helped the enemy previously and now Qin Ding Ling continued this trend. Were Qin Ding Ling to know the person in front of her was the greatest culprit of the fate war and she had personally handed the true inheritance to him, she might cough blood from anger.


 "I genuinely feel your sincerity. What troubles do you have, I will use all my strength to help Heavenly Court!" Fang Yuan stored the information path mortal Gu in his aperture, he already guessed Heavenly Court’s troubles.


 Qin Ding Ling let out a sigh of relief as she saw Qi Sea Ancestor putting away the information path mortal Gu.


 What she had been worried about was that possibility of Qi Sea Ancestor not agreeing to help. After all, Qi Sea Ancestor had been a secluded cultivator who did not care about things that did not concern him. Maybe the information given by the reborn Fang Yuan made Qi Sea Ancestor realize that if he were to continue his secluded cultivation, Heavenly Court would look for trouble with him, so he changed his way of doing things.


 Qin Ding Ling did not know how Heavenly Court became enemies with Qi Sea Ancestor. But since Qi Sea Ancestor believed Fang Yuan’s words, it was clear Fang Yuan had provided enough evidence.


 This was a mess that they were not responsible for, with the destruction of fate Gu, the future had changed, Heavenly Court was unable to find out anything about it. Qin Ding Ling could only rely on the current situation to infer and deduce.


 It was normal for Qin Ding Ling to have some worries.


 After all, Qi Sea Ancestor had a hostile relationship with Heavenly Court before and had only turned neutral because of Duke Long’s mediation. Right now, to recruit Qi Sea Ancestor, Qin Ding Ling had to take out something that Qi Sea Ancestor would not be able to refuse.


 Qi Sea Ancestor accepted Primordial Origin’s true inheritance and immediately showed a firm attitude of helping Heavenly Court.


 Qin Ding Ling was very relieved. Her scheme did not end here. Primordial Origin’s true inheritance was only bait, Qi Sea Ancestor would require suitable qi path Immortal Gu to activate the killer moves recorded in it.


 And these qi path Immortal Gu were all in Heavenly Court’s treasuries.


 These were the chips to tempt Qi Sea Ancestor later on.


 "Perhaps we can still use Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s pressure to push Qi Sea Ancestor to join Heavenly Court." This inspiration emerged in Qin Ding Ling’s mind but was temporarily suppressed.


 She began to explain the issues Heavenly Court was facing.


 Fang Yuan stroked his beard as he ascertained his guesses. Just like he predicted, the qi harvest fruit appeared in Heavenly Court as well.


 With Duke Long’s sacrifice and the immortal graveyard’s destruction, Heavenly Court no longer had a qi path expert to stabilize the situation, thus it was very difficult for them to resolve the issue of the qi harvest fruit.


 Qin Ding Ling handed Primordial Origin’s true inheritance straightforwardly and also hoped this true inheritance could help Qi Sea Ancestor in dealing with the issue of the qi harvest fruit much more quickly.


 Fang Yuan thought for a bit and nodded: "I will handle this matter of the qi harvest fruit. But I have no methods to deal with it now and need to be in closed cultivation for some time to research Primordial Origin’s true inheritance."


 At this moment, Xia clan’s first supreme elder suddenly said: "Lord Ancestor, you are injured and have to recuperate first. Your safety not only concerns Eastern Sea but is also related to maintaining the overall situation of humanity and the variant humans."


 He was worried and afraid that if Qi Sea Ancestor were to collaborate with Heavenly Court, Xia clan’s matters would be pushed aside.


 Qin Ding Ling smiled: "You don’t have to worry, I am going to talk about the two heavens alliance now. Wu Shuai is currently a huge demon and also a sinner who invaded Heavenly Court, we absolutely won’t let him develop. We came here to ask for Ancestor’s help as well as to deal with this variant human force."


 After a slight pause, she continued: "Heavenly Court is willing to take out immortal materials to finance Ancestor and Xia clan, to help you reclaim your lost land. In the future battles, if necessary, Heavenly Court will send reinforcements to lend a hand in fighting against the variant human races."


 "Ah!" Xia clan’s first supreme elder exclaimed in shock and bowed: "Heavenly Court is righteous and worthy of being the number one force of humanity. I am extremely grateful, the whole of Xia clan is immeasurably grateful!"


 Qin Ding Ling chatted with Xia clan’s first supreme elder for a while, deepening their relationship quickly.


 Heavenly Court lost the fate war but it did not lack resources, it only lacked manpower.


 In this trip to Eastern Sea, Heavenly Court wanted to entice Qi Sea Ancestor while also targeting Xia clan’s Gu Immortals. Roping in a native force of Eastern Sea would establish their foundation in the future five regions chaotic war.


 This was a long-term plan.


 The unfortunate thing was that Heavenly Court and Xia clan’s immortals did not know Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor were the same person in essence. This was truly a huge secret that would shock the world.


 Fang Yuan nodded without hesitating: "I will never let the two heavens alliance exist in Eastern Sea, I will certainly drive them out and exterminate them thoroughly!"


 Qin Ding Ling raised her hand: "In my view, the two heavens alliance has human forces as well, it is just that the two heavens alliance is being firmly controlled by variant humans currently. These human forces are not different from us, we are all humans. We should stick together and unite. So, there is no harm in splitting them first before we take action."


 Fang Yuan immediately understood the meaning: "Could it be that some human forces in the two heavens alliance have already surrendered to you?"


 Qin Ding Ling shook her head: "It is not like that. We were able to capture a rank eight Gu Immortal. She is called Granny Skeleton, the current owner of Shattered Bone grotto-heaven in the two heavens."


 Granny Skeleton was persuaded by An Chong’s words and wanted to join the two heavens alliance. But halfway in her journey, she was ambushed and captured by Heavenly Court.


 Naturally, it was Night Heavenly Wolf Lord who provided this information.


 Lady Cold Ash wanted to unite the human forces in the two heavens and fight for authority in the two heavens alliance. She had already made Night Heavenly Wolf Lord one of her helpers, but she could have never expected Night Heavenly Wolf Lord to have already sided with Heavenly Court.


 "Granny Skeleton?" Fang Yuan paused a bit before asking: "Is this person here right now?"


 Qin Ding Ling shook her head: "My Heavenly Court uses virtuous means, we let her go after persuading her for some time."


 The eyes of Xia clan’s first supreme elder opened wide at these words, he felt some worries regarding Heavenly Court’s ’naivety’ but did not speak up.


 Fang Yuan, however, looked at Qin Ding Ling with deep meaning and smiled: "Looks like Granny Skeleton is a crucial character and the key to tempt her to join us should lie on the qi harvest fruit’s matter."


 Qin Ding Ling laughed and raised her cup in praise: "Ancestor, you have discerning vision. The issue of the qi harvest fruit appeared in Shattered Bone grotto-heaven as well, if we can solve this issue, we can rope in Granny Skeleton and other human forces."


 "Good plan!"


 "If we can rope in these human forces, it would be their loss and our gain, this will be a great blow to the two heavens alliance, and there is even a chance they will disintegrate."


 "Those of other races have different motives, the human Gu Immortals in the two heavens are of the same race as us. As long as we show enthusiasm and sincerity, it should not be difficult to recruit them."


 Xia clan’s immortals smiled and conversed, some clapped and laughed, the atmosphere of the banquet became increasingly lively.


 Fang Yuan had a smile as he observed the Gu Immortals’ expressions from his seat.


 If they knew their enemy had already known of their plan before they even implemented it, how would they feel?


 Fang Yuan’s gaze moved around before finally stopping on Qin Ding Ling’s face.


 "Although she only cultivates luck path, her leadership is up to standard."


 "At her level, she should have reached the level of being proficient in mimicking other paths too. Ordinary wisdom path rank eights are also not superior to this."


 ’Of course, there is still a large gap between her and Fairy Zi Wei.’



***
Chapter 2006 Shadow Sects True Members


***





 



 Central Continent.


 "This qi harvest fruit is mine!"


 "Get lost."


 "You wish."


 The qi tide had just passed, a group of Central Continent lone immortals was fighting fiercely for around ten qi harvest fruits.


 To grotto-heavens, the qi harvest fruits that emerged inside them were a huge calamity. But the qi harvest fruits that were left behind after the qi tides were precious treasures coveted by every Gu Immortal.


 It had already been a while since qi tides appeared, the five regions’ Gu Immortals were fully aware of the excellent effect of the qi harvest fruit.


 Gu Immortals did not need any qi path attainment, as long as they obtained qi harvest fruits and crushed them in their aperture, they could greatly improve the harmonization of heaven and earth qi. Thereby, gaining freedom of action earlier than other Gu Immortals.


 Just as the immortals were fighting, a snowy ray of light pierced through the skies, shooting towards them.


 The ray of light was sharp and fierce, shooting right towards a Gu Immortal.


 This Central Continent Gu Immortal was only rank six, he sneered when he saw that the ray of light looked fierce but only had rank six aura, he activated his defensive killer moves.


 Bam.


 The ray of light struck the Gu Immortal and pierced through him.


 "How?!" The struck Gu Immortal’s eyes were wide open, his expression filled with disbelief.


 Both sides were rank six, so why was there such a huge gap!


 "Who is it?"


 "Ah, could it be Snow Demon!"


 The remaining two Central Continent Gu Immortals were also rank six. They were pale with fright when they saw the Gu Immortal whom they had been fighting at a deadlock with die immediately.


 The two immediately thought of a mysterious demonic immortal who had emerged recently, this person appeared often to fight for qi harvest fruits and was very vicious.


 The two retreated quickly, not daring to fight.


 That snow ray of light ignored them and moved straight towards its goal, looting the qi harvest fruits.


 After the snow ray obtained them, it left immediately with extreme vigilance.


 After moving for a few minutes and using various concealment methods, this snow ray of light stopped in a nameless valley.


 The snow dissipated and the Gu Immortal’s appearance was revealed, who else could it be but Bai Ning Bing?


 After the fate war, Bai Ning Bing was left outside and was not recalled by Fang Yuan.


 Bai Ning Bing temporarily obtained freedom and did not want to return to Fang Yuan’s side, choosing to cultivate alone. Over this period of time, she was extremely active and had seized many qi harvest fruits, using them in her immortal aperture.


 These qi harvest fruits she obtained would have negligible effects on Fang Yuan’s rank eight grotto-heaven. But to Bai Ning Bing’s rank six blessed land, the effects were conspicuous.


 Bai Ning Bing originally possessed future self and could achieve peak rank seven battle strength. But after the fate war, the lower streams of the River of Time became violent, future self thus lost its effect, Bai Ning Bing’s battle strength returned to its original rank six level.


 "After I get a few hundred more qi harvest fruits, I can battle with all my strength for two hours." Bai Ning Bing used the seized qi harvest fruits while estimating inwardly.


 Suddenly, her heart jolted as she sensed something wrong, she immediately shot out of the valley.


 But it was already late.


 A purple light barrier trapped her rapidly, directly creating an independent space that was isolated from the outside world.


 "This is an immortal battlefield killer move!" Bai Ning Bing frowned: "Who is it, come out!"


 Clap clap clap.


 Following resounding claps, Fairy Zi Wei revealed herself.


 She looked at Bai Ning Bing with a smile: "You actually sensed me activating this battlefield killer move. Worthy of a genius chosen by Fang Yuan."


 "It’s you!" Bai Ning Bing immediately recognized Fairy Zi Wei and her heart sank.


 The enemy was a rank eight Gu Immortal, while her strength was only at rank six. She might still have some hope to resist if she had future self, but the current difference in strength was too big, it made her helpless.


 Fairy Zi Wei fixed her eyes on Bai Ning Bing, asking with interest: "How did you sense it? I did not see you using any special investigative methods."


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression was cold as ice as she replied: "It was only an instinct. You already put an ambush beforehand and waited for me to take the bait?"


 Fairy Zi Wei chuckled: "You took action too many times recently, the clues are all with me, so it is not a difficult thing to deduce when you will make a move and where you will retreat to. Did you actually discover the danger with only your intuition? My immortal battlefield killer move did not leak any aura when it was activated."


 At this time, another figure appeared not far behind Bai Ning Bing, it was Old Man Zheng Yuan.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan coughed: "Lady Zi Wei, this is caused by human qi. Although Bai Ning Bing did not use any special investigative method, she has robust human qi. We must have agitated her human qi when we tried to trap her, which made her sense it intuitively."


 Bai Ning Bing snorted and took on a combat stance: "You talk too much, let’s fight, Heavenly Court!"


 Fairy Zi Wei’s smile became even brighter: "You are wrong, Bai Ning Bing, we are not representing Heavenly Court, but Shadow Sect. We did not come to kill you."


 "What?" Bai Ning Bing was astonished: "You sided with Fang Yuan?!"


 Old Man Zheng Yuan chuckled: "This junior Fang Yuan stole the position of Shadow Sect’s leader. We are representing the true Shadow Sect!"


 Bai Ning Bing’s mind shook as she guessed the truth: "Spectral Soul has revived? You want to find trouble with Fang Yuan through me!"


 "What do you think? Join us, don’t you want to get rid of Fang Yuan and free yourself from all the shackles?" Fairy Zi Wei enticed.


 Bai Ning Bing sneered and stared deeply at Fairy Zi Wei: "Of course I want freedom. But what is the difference between joining you and siding with Fang Yuan? I will be even more restricted with you people than with Fang Yuan!"


 She noticed what was wrong with Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan, they were clearly enslaved by Spectral Soul.


 Standing with Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing had the feeling of being an ally at least. But if she joined the Shadow Sect in front of her, then she would only be Spectral Soul’s slave.


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: "But you don’t have a choice, do you?"


 Old Man Zheng Yuan added: "Surrender or die, choose."


 Bai Ning Bing’s silence did not last long, after a few breaths of time, she nodded: "I will join you."


 Old Man Zheng Yuan approached and patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder: "This is a wise choice. Relax, we will deal with your information path alliance agreements. But your dragonman status is somewhat troublesome, it was Fang Yuan who helped you change that. The dragonman method he used probably went through many changes, it will be very difficult to get rid of this within a short period of time."


 "No worries, I am already used to it." Bai Ning Bing said indifferently.


 She was restricted by Fang Yuan first, then she entered Shadow Sect and was controlled by Old Man Yan Shi; later, she returned to Fang Yuan’s side again, transforming into the new dragonman. Now, she was clamped down by Fairy Zi Wei.


 Bai Ning Bing was right, she was already used to it.


 Almost at the same time, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven.


 "Aunt, this is the soul core I obtained recently, it is extremely strange, please appraise it." An Xun respectfully bowed and handed over a soul core.


 Lady Cold Ash took this soul core and observed it carefully, her expression becoming increasingly strange.


 She had seen countless soul cores, but this soul core gave her a feeling which she had never felt before. Just the dark light circulating on the soul core’s surface was beyond ordinary.


 Suddenly!


 The soul core transformed into dark lightning that struck Lady Cold Ash’s face, it quickly infiltrated her body and imprisoned her soul.


 Lady Cold Ash’s body was tense, and when she reacted, she had already fallen to her own relative’s trap.


 "An Xun, you!" Lady Cold Ash had been concerned with her nephew An Xun and nurtured him wholeheartedly, she had never expected to be betrayed.


 Lady Cold Ash struggled before she stood up abruptly.


 An Xun was given a great fright as he stepped back quickly.


 But at the next moment, Lady Cold Ash’s energy dissipated and sat down again.


 She groaned as dark light filled her eyes.


 Soon, she could not struggle anymore and stood up silently.


 An Xun prostrated on the ground: "Subordinate pays respect to master."


 Spectral Soul’s voice came out from Lady Cold Ash’s mouth: "This body is quite good, I shall use this for now to get close to Wu Shuai."


 Spectral Soul did not have guts Gu, so he could only devour soul cores and digest them slowly.


 Over this period of time, he had already recovered some strength and immediately made a move on Lady Cold Ash.


 After he had succeeded, it meant the whole of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven had fallen into his hands!



***
Chapter 2007 Target — Profound Literature Grotto-heaven


***





 



 Roar—!


 A huge, mountain-like immemorial soul beast with two horns on its head was howling.


 But it was not showing its might and dominance, but madly struggling to flee.


 Its tail was grabbed by an ordinary hand.


 Then, an extremely terrifying absorption force spread out from the palm. There was a whirring sound resembling a wild hurricane as the immemorial soul beast was absorbed completely by the hand within a few breaths of time.


 The owner of that hand let out a burp.


 It was the rank eight soul path expert, owner of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven — Lady Cold Ash.


 Her eyes were pitch-black and threads of black smoke coiled around her body. After a while, she stopped the killer move, the black smoke around her whole body were restrained, and nothing looked out of place from the outside.


 But in fact, her body was already possessed by Spectral Soul and her soul had been devoured.


 Spectral Soul sighed: "I am full again."


 He got much more freedom with Lady Cold Ash’s identity. Over these days, he was actively devouring immemorial soul beasts, increasing and recovering his strength rapidly.


 But Spectral Soul was not satisfied.


 Devouring immemorial soul beasts was not like consuming guts Gu after all, Spectral Soul needed to digest them. Otherwise, the immemorial soul beasts would corrode his soul, make him lose his rationality and finally turn into a deformed soul monster.


 The first choice in strengthening the soul was of course the guts Gu from Dang Hun Mountain, there was no need to digest them and they could be absorbed almost instantly.


 The more Spectral Soul yearned for Dang Hun Mountain, the more he wanted to find Fang Yuan and kill him!


 "Where exactly did this rascal Fang Yuan go to?" Spectral Soul thought of Fang Yuan and could not help but narrow his eyes.


 Fairy Zi Wei had already informed Spectral Soul of the information she had gained from Bai Ning Bing.


 This was great news to Spectral Soul.


 Fairy Zi Wei had found clues of Ying Wu Xie, as long as they got hold of Fang Yuan’s subordinates, they would have enough clues to deduce Fang Yuan’s location.


 "Fang Yuan obtained so many heaven path dao marks and has been missing since the fate war, his situation must be dismal. This is the best chance to capture him."


 Spectral Soul had been a venerable, he queried himself and got the conclusion that even when he was at his peak, it would have been a difficult task to refine so many heaven path dao marks. Let alone the current Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was strong, but he was not a venerable after all and had a limited understanding of the heaven path dao marks.


 "But I can no longer count on the arrangements I left in the sovereign immortal aperture."


 Spectral Soul understood that heaven path dao marks developed naturally, the hidden arrangements he left behind were essentially dao marks and were certain to be transformed by the heaven path dao marks.


 His methods would not be effective after they were transformed.


 If they were effective, why would Spectral Soul have to go through such trouble to search and capture Fang Yuan’s subordinates, he would have already gone to kill Fang Yuan.


 "After half a month, I can devour an immemorial soul beast again to recover my strength... hmm?" Just as Spectral Soul was planning, he suddenly received a message.


 Spectral Soul immediately revealed joy: "Wu Shuai is convening rank eight Gu Immortals of the two heavens alliance to discuss an important event, Lady Cold Ash is also summoned. Great, Wu Shuai is acquainted with Fang Yuan, he might even be Fang Yuan’s clone. I might be able to lure out Fang Yuan’s main body if I enslave him."


 Spectral Soul immediately moved out of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven under Lady Cold Ash’s identity and rushed towards the headquarters of Eastern Sea’s Xia clan.


 In the public blessed land, he smoothly entered Dragon Palace and saw Wu Shuai.


 Wu Shuai was sitting on the main seat while the other people were divided into two rows. On his immediate left was vice alliance leader Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch; on his right was the recent addition, rank eight expert Xiao He Jian.


 Below them were leaders of various variant human forces.


 The human grotto-heaven owners were arranged further back. For instance, Lady Cold Ash’s position was almost close to Dragon Palace’s door.


 The political state of the two heavens alliance was clear from these seating arrangements. Variant humans were dominant and had most of the authority, while human Gu Immortals were firmly at a disadvantage. It was not that they did not resist, but they were helpless. After all, Wu Shuai had a dragonman identity and it was natural for him to be closer to other variant humans.


 ’If I kill all of them, how much of my strength can I recover?’ Spectral Soul looked around with killing intent surging in his heart.


 Sensing her gaze, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord who was standing opposite her nodded slightly, showing goodwill.


 Spectral Soul had already obtained all of Lady Cold Ash’s memories: "This Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, maybe I can make a move against him first. This human rank eight Gu Immortal’s soul is much more suitable for my recovery."


 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord thought: "This Lady Cold Ash can be used. My contribution regarding Granny Skeleton came from her. After this discussion, I should find her to drink tea and probe her intention. If I can rope her into Heavenly Court’s side, my contribution will be even bigger."


 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord’s thoughts were normal.


 In his opinion, the previous Lady Cold Ash did not lose hope and wanted to unite other human forces to counter the current alliance situation, raising the human forces’ position in the alliance. But right now, her plan was already useless, Granny Skeleton did not come at all. And with Heavenly Court already proceeding to the next plan, that was, to split up the whole two heavens alliance, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord saw his chance to make much more contributions!


 Just as Night Heavenly Wolf Lord and Lady Cold Ash were scheming, Wu Shuai spoke: "I think you should all know why I convened everyone this time. That’s right, it is about the qi harvest fruit disaster."


 "Qi harvest fruits have appeared in most of your grotto-heavens. These qi harvest fruits absorb the heaven and earth qi in the grotto-heaven to strengthen themselves, directly harming the grotto-heaven’s foundation. But ordinary methods cannot get rid of these qi harvest fruits, a rash move will only harm the grotto-heaven’s foundation."


 "Today, I gathered everyone to try to collectively think of a good solution."


 After Wu Shuai spoke, the immortals began to offer their suggestions.


 Over this period of time, most of them had racked their minds and were completely focused on this problem.


 These immortals might lack combat proficiency, but their foundations were instead stable and solid. Thus, they suggested many methods.


 However, although there were many methods suggested, which were truly effective?


 No one could guarantee or be certain!


 None of them cultivated qi path as their main path, there were a few who cultivated qi path on the side but their attainment was low and could not be counted upon.


 "There are many methods, let’s try them one by one, there should be a way to resolve this issue. So, what we need to do is to try these methods continuously. Who is willing to try it first?" Wu Shuai summarized and asked.


 Dragon Palace immediately fell into silence.


 No one wanted to be the guinea pig!


 It was extremely crucial to clear up the qi harvest fruits. It was like a heart surgery, a slight mistake and it would be the end of the grotto-heaven. Even if they were fortunate and the grotto-heaven survived, its foundation would be heavily damaged and there would be massive losses.


 "These Gu Immortals are really pitiful, fortunately I have already sided with Heavenly Court." Although Night Heavenly Wolf Lord showed a worried expression, he was calm.


 He had been informed by Heavenly Court that they had already found the solution to the qi harvest fruit issue. So he was not the least bit worried.


 But in fact, Qin Ding Ling only said that to stabilize Night Heavenly Wolf Lord and make him more loyal.


 "It is both hard and easy to resolve the qi harvest fruit." Spectral Soul naturally knew some methods but he did not mention them.


 His current thoughts were filled with how to attack Wu Shuai.


 He could not make a move now with so many people present.


 But how could he find a chance to be alone with Wu Shuai?


 "The biggest obstacle is still this Dragon Palace." Spectral Soul was somewhat wary. Dragon Palace, in essence, was an enslavement path Immortal Gu House, Spectral Soul was not afraid about this. What he was worried about were the dream path methods of Dragon Palace.


 Even Spectral Soul had to be vigilant regarding this, once he was captured by dreamy light smoke, he would immediately be defeated.


 Wu Shuai saw the immortals becoming silent for a long while, he already knew their thoughts.


 He smiled: "Since no one is willing to give it a try, we should find other people to try. There are many grotto-heavens in the two heavens, there are still people who have not joined us and are harboring unfathomable thoughts."


 The Gu Immortals’ eyes brightened, they felt the alliance leader’s idea was simply too great!


 Thereupon, the immortals resounded in agreement, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and others even boot-licked Wu Shuai.


 "Which grotto-heaven do you think is suitable?" Wu Shuai asked.


 At the next moment, various opinions emerged and a large number of targets were mentioned.


 The one which was mentioned the most was Profound Literature grotto-heaven!


 Old Immortal Hua Yu was a human with powerful strength as well as high prestige that allowed him to influence many of the surrounding grotto-heaven forces. If Wu Shuai could get rid of him and incorporate Profound Literature grotto-heaven into the two heavens alliance, there would be countless benefits.



***
Chapter 2008 All Destroyed!


***





 



 Profound Literature grotto-heaven.

 “Xiao Bai, here will do.” In the small path between mountains, Teacher Jiang stopped and spoke to Li Xiao Bai.

 Li Xiao Bai showed sadness and reluctance: “I was able to survive in the capital city all thanks to teacher’s guidance and help. I will engrave this kindness in my heart and never forget it. But after this separation, I wonder when I can see teacher again!”

 “You.” Teacher Jiang sighed and patted Li Xiao Bai’s shoulder, encouraging him: “Although you lost in this world poetry competition, your poems have already spread far and wide. Everyone knows your talent is worthy of the title of a great scholar. Moreover, Su Qi Han has already returned, the capital city is the arena for you to display your talents. Go back, teacher will look forward to your performance.”

 Li Xiao Bai bid farewell to Teacher Jiang with eyes full of tears.

 Li Xiao Bai rode a horse through the mountain path that was covered with trees while pondering about his future.

 He lost in the world poetry competition, although his earlier performances were exceptional.

 Like he had expected, he ran into Teacher Jiang in the later stage. This made Li Xiao Bai fall into an awkward situation — if he won against his teacher, his morals and character would be criticized and there would definitely be a tide of hateful remarks.

 Li Xiao Bai had wanted to use his next chance to continue passing through the stages. But he kept on running into his teacher again and again.

 Teacher Jiang was also helpless, in fact, he also did not want to succeed by stepping on his own student. But he had to grab onto every chance because he had also probed the biggest meaning behind the world poetry competition.

 Li Xiao Bai ran into Teacher Jiang time and again, his hands were tied and he eventually lost the competition.

 Although he felt pity about this, Li Xiao Bai felt thankful as well: “My previous performances were too exceptional and even excessive. If I were to succeed like this, there would definitely be a detailed investigation done on me. Even if I passed the investigation, because I don’t have a good background and am not a renowned person, I am very likely to be schemed against. Many people are coveting this opportunity to become an immortal, how could they let it fall into a minor character’s hand?”

 The world poetry competition’s selections looked extremely fair, but in fact, where there were people, there would be conflicts of interests and many deals going on behind the scenes.

 Just look at the list of candidates that passed the world poetry competition’s selection, they were either influential officials or renowned people, even the so-called dark horses have extraordinary roots and background.

 “It doesn’t matter that I am not selected in this world poetry competition, there will be a second selection in the future.”

 “Even if there is no second world poetry competition, don’t tell me I cannot become an immortal by relying on myself?”

 “Hmm, what smell is this, it is so fragrant!”

 Just as Li Xiao Bai was thinking, a delicate fragrance broke his train of thoughts.

 This fragrance was really pleasing and smelled like the inky fragrance of a book.

 Li Xiao Bai was immediately curious, how could there be such a fragrance in this mountain’s forest?

 He rode the horse and followed the fragrance to its source.

 After riding for a while, dense bush blocked the path ahead, Li Xiao Bai had no choice but to get off the horse and continue on his feet.

 The fragrance became increasingly strong as Li Xiao Bai moved deep into the forest, he knew he was going in the right direction and was getting closer to the source of the fragrance.

 Finally, he brushed aside some leaves and found a pine tree.

 This pine tree was covered with pine cones and these pine cones were releasing the dense book fragrance. And on the branch of the tree, there was an exquisite and unique brown tree-house.

 “Is someone living here? A mountain hermit?” Li Xiao Bai carefully approached and called out: “I am Student Li Xiao Bai, I accidentally passed through here and took the liberty to pay a visit. Please don’t blame me, sage in the mountain.”

 But there was no sound from the treehouse.

 Li Xiao Bai called out several times but there was still no reply. Seeing that there seemed to be no one in the treehouse, he walked towards the pine tree.

 When he reached the pine tree, Li Xiao Bai made another discovery. The treehouse was not constructed on the tree, but was integrated into the tree, like it had directly grown from the tree.

 Li Xiao Bai wanted to enter the treehouse to probe, but after circling around the tree, he found that the treehouse was completely integrated, with only windows but no doors.

 “What do I do?” Li Xiao Bai thought and subconsciously placed his hand on the tree trunk.

 Suddenly, the bark let out crisp sounds as it transformed. In an instant, a spiral staircase appeared around the tree trunk that moved towards the treehouse.

 And a door appeared on the treehouse as well.

 Li Xiao Bai only hesitated for a bit before stepping on the stairs and walking to the treehouse.

 There were three rows of bookcases in the treehouse that were standing against the three walls. In the compartments of the bookcases were many Gu worms.

 “Book fragrance spreads, talented scholars smell. Book house inheritance shall be left to the fated.” At this time, information was transmitted to Li Xiao Bai’s mind.

 Li Xiao Bai inspected it and felt joyous.

 “So this is an information path inheritance.”

 “Although it is only a Gu Master inheritance with no Immortal Gu, there are various rank four and many rank five Gu worms. There is also detailed cultivation instruction, forming a complete system which suits me.”

 “Speaking of which, my luck has been improving recently. Looks like my main body has already stabilized the situation.”

 This inheritance was a peak level Gu Master inheritance, not only did it have many Gu worms, the pine tree itself was an exceptional mortal Gu House — Book House.

 Li Xiao Bai stored Book House and returned back the way he came. He smoothly found his horse and hurried back to the capital city.

 At the peak of the mountain, two figures were standing.

 One immortal and one mortal.

 The immortal was Hua Song, the mortal was rank five Gu Master Teacher Jiang.

 Teacher Jiang had witnessed the whole process of Li Xiao Bai obtaining the inheritance and was extremely grateful: “Teacher, many thanks for helping my student.”

 It turned out that Teacher Jiang’s teacher was Hua Song.

 Hua Song smiled: “He is your student, according to the relationship, he is my grand-disciple. He belongs to our faction, how can I ignore him? When the world poetry competition started, I already noticed him. He clearly had the strength to pass the stages, but because he ran into you, he chose to limit himself. I had been hoping for you two, teacher and disciple, to succeed in passing the competition, but his luck seems to be quite bad, he ran into you again and again during the crucial rounds and was finally eliminated.”

 “I am at fault.” Teacher Jiang lowered his head.

 “Hahaha.” Hua Song patted Teacher Jiang’s shoulder: “You are really outstanding for being able to teach such a superb student. If this Li Xiao Bai had disregarded his teacher for fame and defeated you in front of everyone, I would have punished this kid severely. But he prioritizes this teacher and student relationship, his character is excellent. Although he failed this time, there is no harm in it.”

 “It is this child’s fortune to be noticed by teacher. Just that, teacher, why didn’t you…” Teacher Jiang hesitated.

 Hua Song sighed: “Although I am the host of the world poetry competition, if I were to act in favor of my personal gain, I would be criticized by other Gu Immortals and lose my reputation in front of Old Lord Hua Yu.”

 “Moreover, Li Xiao Bai is still too young, he lacks tempering. If he suddenly became an immortal, it might lead to misfortune because of this good fortune. He should still continue to accumulate experience in the mortal world, a jade stone is useless if it is not polished.”

 “Teacher is right, I was thinking too simplistically.” Teacher Jiang wholeheartedly admired his teacher and said excitedly: “I understand teacher’s effort. Teacher, you don’t want me to bear the feeling of guilt, so you gave Li Xiao Bai such a great inheritance, right?”

 “It is good that you know that.” Hua Song smiled: “You are my student, you were selected this time and will be nurtured to become an immortal. You must concentrate wholeheartedly and not split your attention because of other matters. Concentrate on cultivation, don’t ruin my reputation.”

 “Yes, teacher, I will definitely use all my strength!” Teacher Jiang cupped his hands and bowed solemnly.

 Although Profound Literature grotto-heaven maintained neutrality and was not willing to participate in any fights, they understood chaotic times were coming so they did not hold back in cultivating Gu Immortals.

 Teacher Jiang and others were handled and given plenty of resources with many Gu Immortals guiding them personally.

 Teacher Jiang studied and practised hard everyday, using his time to the fullest.

 Despite him using all his strength to study, his performance was still at low to mid level. This showed the talents of this batch’s Gu Masters.

 Even the teaching Gu Immortals were secretly pleased. This batch was indeed full of the elites of Profound Literature grotto-heaven and everyone was an excellent Gu Immortal seed.

 Over half a month passed, Teacher Jiang and the rest welcomed the most crucial moment of their lives — immortal ascension.

 “With several teachers protecting us, the success rate of immortal ascension is high. Once I become an immortal, my future will undergo a complete transformation and elevation!”

 Teacher Jiang was looking forward to it and studied with even more effort.

 However, just as the first among them was about to undergo tribulation, there was an explosion and the whole of Profound Literature grotto-heaven shook fiercely.

 Following the explosion, an Evil Dragon with the length of mountain ranges descended, filling the sky of Profound Literature grotto-heaven.

 Large numbers of enemy Gu Immortals appeared in all areas of Profound Literature grotto-heaven and attacked at the same time. The flames of war burned everywhere.

 The place where Teacher Jiang’s group was in was given considerable attention.

 “Die!” Wu Shuai controlled Dragon Palace and slammed down.

 “It is Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace, we can’t block it! Retreat!” The Gu Immortals who were guarding this place were pale with fright as they retreated.

 Rumble!

 Earth quaked and mountains shook, dust and stones flew everywhere.

 This learning palace that was arranged meticulously was completely destroyed. Teacher Jiang and the rest could not even dodge and were squashed into pulp, dying miserably.

 The Gu Immortals who taught them felt their hearts bleeding at this scene. Their weeks of guidance were just about to show results, the greatest future potential of Profound Literature grotto-heaven was destroyed all at once by this attack.

 Completely destroyed!

 “Wu Shuai, my Profound Literature grotto-heaven has remained neutral and never created any difficulties for you. But you actually attacked my land and slaughtered innocents, you are too overbearing and sinful!” Old Immortal Hua Yu was alarmed and shouted in fury.

 Wu Shuai laughed heartily inside Dragon Palace, suddenly, his laughter stopped: “Old Immortal Hua Yu, you don’t know when to advance or retreat, you don’t know what’s good for you! I sent messages for you to join time and time again, but you actually made excuses to ignore them, you simply show no regard for me. Today, I will make you and the entire world realize what the outcome of defying my will is! Attack!”



***
Chapter 2009 Following Willingly


***





 



 Attack—!

 Wu Shuai’s shout triggered boundless wind and clouds, resounding throughout the grotto-heaven.

 Many Gu Immortals in Profound Literature grotto-heaven had a change in their expressions, feeling panicked and worried when they sensed Wu Shuai’s ferocious might.

 Profound Literature grotto-heaven had lived in peace for too long and had never experienced such an ordeal. Even the current grotto-heaven owner, Old Immortal Hua Yu, was extremely surprised.

 Because Profound Literature grotto-heaven was an information path grotto-heaven and was most specialized in gathering all kinds of information and clues. They would definitely detect any invasion in advance.

 However, Old Immortal Hua Yu and the rest were completely unaware of this invasion, and Wu Shuai’s surprise invasion could even be considered a masterpiece, he was able to teleport his Gu Immortals to various areas of the grotto-heaven, launching violent attacks at the various important areas and Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals.

 This ambush could be said to be extremely successful.

 Profound Literature grotto-heaven suffered disastrous losses, not only did the meticulously selected future potentials like Teacher Jiang perish, even most of the Gu Immortals of Profound Literature grotto-heaven were killed.

 “Persevere, this is our home, we cannot lose it. I have already requested for reinforcements, we cannot let these despicable thugs succeed!” Old Immortal Hua Yu shouted, slightly stabilizing the morale of the soldiers.

 He then opened his mouth and moved his tongue, spitting out text characters.

 These characters were like a storm as they shrouded Dragon Palace with dense frost energy.

 Immortal killer move — Cold Words!

 The moment Dragon Palace was struck by this move, layers of frost solidified on its surface which greatly slowed its speed. The frost continued to condense and spread, and in a blink of an eye, was already as tall as an adult’s calf. If this went on, the whole of Dragon Palace would be sealed in ice.

 Wu Shuai snorted as he activated his defensive killer move.

 The frost on Dragon Palace’s surface began to melt gradually, and Dragon Palace’s power continued to rise, letting out rays of orange light.

 The orange light shot towards Old Immortal Hua Yu, who immediately changed the words he recited and used a movement method.

 Immortal killer move — Quick Words!

 At the next moment, his speed surged and he perfectly dodged the orange light.

 Immortal killer move — Vicious Words!

 Old Immortal Hua Yu spat out tides of characters from his mouth, these purplish black words were like poison arrows that shot and detonated on Dragon Palace.

 Rumble…

 The series of explosions forced Dragon Palace to retreat constantly, at the same time, large amounts of toxic smoke infiltrated Dragon Palace.

 Wu Shuai was seated on the main seat, he did not panic upon seeing this and immediately activated defensive methods to resolve this danger.

 Old Immortal Hua Yu’s reputation was not undeserving, he truly had some skills, to be able to confront Dragon Palace without losing his ground.

 Naturally, this was because Dragon Palace was an enslavement path Immortal Gu House and was most proficient in the enslavement aspect. Moreover, Wu Shuai did not reveal the Four Dragon Generals although he had already gathered them. What he used normally was the Evil Dragon, which had already become a trump card of Dragon Palace.

 The Evil Dragon was rampaging!

 The two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals were killing and looting!

 Wu Shuai was not in a hurry at all, because the situation was extremely favorable to him.

 Old Immortal Hua Yu became increasingly anxious as the battle continued, he knew he was already tangled up with Dragon Palace and would have to rely on external force to save Profound Literature grotto-heaven from the danger.

 But could the reinforcements arrive in time?

 Old Immortal Hua Yu was awaiting the reinforcements, but he knew there was not much hope. Although he had a high reputation, and Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s relationship with the surrounding grotto-heaven forces was also quite close, but asking these people to reinforce him in fighting against such strong enemies?

 Old Immortal Hua Yu placed himself in their position and thought: if a surrounding grotto-heaven was attacked and asked him for reinforcements, and the enemy was the two heavens alliance, he would also hesitate.

 The two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals continued to wreak havoc.

 Flames of battle rose everywhere as living beings were exterminated.

 “Old Immortal Hua Yu, use your trump cards if you have any left, if you don’t use them now, you won’t be able to save your grotto-heaven. Hahaha.” Wu Shuai laughed wildly.

 Old Immortal Hua Yu was silent, his expression grim.

 The aftereffects of their fight harmed everything around them, causing holes to appear in the grotto-heaven aperture walls, linking the inside to the outside world.

 Suddenly, Wu Shuai’s laughter stopped as he shouted in fury: “Old geezer Qi Sea!”

 The moment he finished speaking, boundless qi currents surged in from outside and gathered into a giant hand.

 The hand was as large as a mountain as it slammed into Dragon Palace and sent it flying far away.

 Following which, a tall and sturdy figure appeared in the grotto-heaven’s sky, looking down at Dragon Palace.

 “Qi Sea Ancestor!” Old Immortal Hua Yu looked up and said with surprise and joy.

 Qi Sea Ancestor’s appearance surprised him, but thinking about it carefully, he felt it was natural. Qi Sea Ancestor was the biggest enemy of Wu Shuai, he would not sit by and watch Wu Shuai leading the two heavens’ forces to do whatever he pleased.

 Roar—!

 Dragon Palace moved back while the Evil Dragon took its place.

 Qi Sea Ancestor, however, held his hands behind his back with no intention to attack: “Wu Shuai, stop now, I can let all of you retreat. If we truly fight, your two heavens alliance will cease to exist.”

 “You…” Wu Shuai’s furious voice came from Dragon Palace: “Qi Sea Ancestor!”

 The Evil Dragon stopped, Wu Shuai seemed to be thinking.

 Old Immortal Hua Yu let out a sigh of relief, looking towards Qi Sea Ancestor with an extremely grateful look.

 Qi Sea Ancestor did this to preserve Profound Literature grotto-heaven and not let it turn into ruins. This was not easy! The two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals were scattered everywhere, Qi Sea Ancestor could take the chance to attack them and deal heavy damage to the two heavens alliance.

 But Qi Sea Ancestor did not do this, instead, he considered Profound Literature grotto-heaven. Moreover, prior to this, Old Immortal Hua Yu had never come into contact with Qi Sea Ancestor.

 “Qi Sea Ancestor took such protective action for an outsider like me. He is truly worthy of being a famed expert and the leader of Eastern Sea’s righteous path!” Old Immortal Hua Yu was extremely moved.

 However, at the next moment, the Evil Dragon attacked and Dragon Palace followed closely behind.

 “Qi Sea Ancestor, it has been too long since the battle that day. Face my move again!” Wu Shuai shouted.

 “Despicable!” Old Immortal Hua Yu cursed when he saw Wu Shuai sneak attacking.

 But Qi Sea Ancestor was smiling as if he was already prepared: “Come.”

 Boom!

 At the next moment, the Evil Dragon and Dragon Palace crashed into a firm and solid qi wall.

 The qi wall broke down but the Evil Dragon and Dragon Palace’s momentum was also completely exhausted.

 “Old geezer Qi Sea, I am relieved that you are so energetic. We shall battle later!” Wu Shuai saw he was unable to gain any progress and started to retreat slowly.

 Dragon Palace and Evil Dragon left the battlefield and moved out of the grotto-heaven.

 The two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals did not dare to stay any longer and started retreating, they were afraid of Dragon Palace leaving them behind in this dangerous place.

 Wu Shuai’s group arrived fast and left just as quickly, leaving behind flames of war and ruin.

 Old Immortal Hua Yu did not rush to provide disaster relief and stabilize the situation, instead, he flew towards Qi Sea Ancestor and bowed deeply: “Ancestor, you helped us in repelling the enemies. Everyone in Profound Literature grotto-heaven is grateful for your kindness.”

 Qi Sea Ancestor smiled brightly as he held Old Immortal Hua Yu’s hands and pulled him up: “We are both humans, it is natural for us to band together and help each other against the variant humans.”

 Old Immortal Hua Yu said with hatred: “Wu Shuai is trying to overturn humanity’s rule, he is a lunatic and a despicable fellow. He is an enemy of everyone in Profound Literature grotto-heaven, we won’t rest until he dies!”

 Qi Sea Ancestor nodded: “In the current era, chaotic times are coming, who can stay out of it? It is good that you realize this!”

 Old Immortal Hua Yu cupped his fists and bowed again: “Looking at the immortals in this world, only Ancestor’s might and prestige has spread everywhere, your moral conduct is worthy of being respected. From today onwards, Profound Literature grotto-heaven will be at your command, we will listen to your arrangements.”

 Qi Sea Ancestor smiled: “Brother Hua Yu, let’s join hands in fighting the variant humans, we will protect our homelands and fight for a beautiful future.”



***
Chapter 2010 Influencing The Five Regions


***





 



 Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 A tea ceremony was in session.


 Old Immortal Hua Yu sat on the lower seat while he let Fang Yuan have the main seat.


 Fang Yuan used Qi Sea Ancestor’s identity to talk with the Gu Immortals, obtaining first hand information regarding the part of white heaven above Eastern Sea.


 There were not just Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals who participated in the tea ceremony. After Qi Sea Ancestor repelled the enemies, Gu Immortals continued to arrive to reinforce them.


 These Gu Immortals were from the surrounding forces and were late in reinforcing Profound Literature grotto-heaven, but Old Immortal Hua Yu asked them to stay and join this tea ceremony regardless.


 Qi Sea Ancestor said frankly: He had already allied with Heavenly Court and wanted to recruit the human forces in the two heavens, to fight against Wu Shuai’s variant human alliance and defend the righteous path of humanity.


 Old Immortal Hua Yu was naturally the first to support it, the other forces also responded quite passionately. Many of the Gu Immortals even express their willingness to join Qi Sea Ancestor’s faction to fight Wu Shuai’s violent and lawless alliance.


 Some Gu Immortals hesitated while many others had to report to their superiors to come to a decision.


 The tea ceremony ended. Fang Yuan was quite satisfied with the result.


 The first step was important if he wanted to interfere in the two heavens’ grotto-heavens. With Wu Shuai’s active cooperation, almost all the two heaven’s Gu Immortals recognized Wu Shuai’s might and felt insecure. Everyone realized they could not evade this calamity because even a powerful force like Profound Literature grotto-heaven was almost exterminated. If not for Qi Sea Ancestor lending a hand, Profound Literature grotto-heaven would have ceased to exist.


 Chaotic times were coming and no one could stay out of it. Only by stepping on the waves of chaos could they survive and grow stronger.


 Qi Sea Ancestor needed only slight effort to persuade five grotto-heaven forces. Of course, it would take some more effort to integrate them. And important details like profit distribution and other rules had yet to be finalized.


 Even so, Qi Sea Ancestor’s action had already caused a huge change in the two heavens’ forces, even affecting the overall situation of the conflict between humanity and the variant human races.


 Fang Yuan naturally would not conceal this news, the moment the tea ceremony ended, he spread this news in treasure yellow heaven.


 In an instant, the Gu Immortal world of the five regions was shaken.


 Some sighed at the changing state of the world and the impending chaos, some praised Qi Sea Ancestor’s righteous move and felt he could shoulder the responsibility to lead humanity, some were guessing Wu Shuai’s next move, and some were thinking of Eastern Sea’s political situation. Qi Sea Ancestor was publicly recognized as the most powerful expert in Eastern Sea, now that he was so close with Heavenly Court, how would Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces face this relationship?


 The five regional walls were gone, the independent five regions merged into one, changes in any one side could change the whole situation of the five regions. Every move of an expert with an identity and status like Qi Sea Ancestor could deeply influence the whole world.


 Eastern Sea, Shen clan.


 "Are there still no clues on Ancestor Shen Shang’s whereabouts?" Shen Cong Sheng sighed: "I don’t blame you, qi tides are appearing everywhere, Divine Emperor City is a very tightly protected area."


 A Shen clan Gu Immortal asked: "First supreme elder, Qi Sea Ancestor has already allied with Heavenly Court now, they even handed over the latter half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance. What should we do?"


 Shen Cong Sheng replied: "I have already discussed this with Song Qi Yuan, Hua Cai Yun, and other first supreme elders. Qi Sea Ancestor is our Eastern Sea’s expert, he cannot be recruited by Heavenly Court. Every clan will take out a portion of cultivation resources from their treasuries and gather them into a big gift to build a good relationship with Ancestor."


 Shen clan’s Gu Immortal nodded, not objecting to it.


 Qi Sea Ancestor was the most valuable existence to rope in, besides his battle strength, it was also because he cultivated qi path.


 Currently, Eastern Sea’s super forces were thinking of developing qi path and they would have double the results if they could get Qi Sea Ancestor’s help in this aspect.


 Fang Yuan put on a great show before, everyone in Gu Immortal world thought Qi Sea Ancestor liked to give guidance and support the younger generation. This made Eastern Sea’s super forces feel there was a high possibility in this matter.


 Western Desert, Fang clan’s headquarters.


 Fang Gong’s expression was dark: "We are willing to pay such a huge price but Heavenly Court still doesn’t want to release Fang Di Chang?"


 One of the gathered Fang clan Gu Immortals said: "First supreme elder, in my opinion, Heavenly Court is not sincere at all, they are just stalling for time and fooling us."


 "Hmph!" Fang Gong slammed his right fist on the table.


 He was furious but helpless.


 In the fate war, Fang clan’s losses were the largest. Not only did they lose Divine Bean Palace, even their strategist Fang Di Chang was captured by the enemy and there was no news of him until now.


 Fang clan naturally thought Fang Di Chang was captured by Heavenly Court. Thereupon, they secretly contacted Heavenly Court and wanted to pay a huge price to redeem Fang Di Chang.


 But Heavenly Court had all along been stalling their request.


 Fang Di Chang was extremely important to Fang clan, without him, Fang clan would be without a strategist.


 After Fang clan refined Divine Bean Palace, they had the possibility of raising their status and becoming the leader of Western Desert’s righteous path. But Divine Bean Palace and Fang Di Chang were gone, destroying Fang clan’s dream of becoming the leader.


 Fang Gong was in a very bad mood, especially after hearing of Qi Sea Ancestor’s actions.


 "Qi Sea Ancestor has already begun to lead Eastern Sea, but me? Fang clan? We are just stagnating at the same spot! Sigh..." Fang Gong felt helpless.


 The only thing that gave him some joy was that Fang Di Chang had already prepared for the future and had passed on Fang clan’s wisdom path inheritance to Fang Yun.


 "Since Heavenly Court is not willing to release Fang Di Chang, we can only prioritize on cultivating Fang Yun." Fang Gong made the decision.


 They could not wait any longer.


 Time waits for no one!


 Cultivating a Gu Immortal, especially a competent wisdom path Gu Immortal, required a long time.


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 Qin Ding Ling looked at the intel and smiled, muttering to herself: "Fang clan is actually willing to pay such a huge price to buy back Fang Di Chang. If they knew Fang Di Chang was already replaced and is now Fang Yuan’s clone, what would they feel?"


 Heavenly Court already knew of Fang Di Chang’s identity.


 The current Divine Emperor City was guarded by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s will. He had already informed Qin Ding Ling of this.


 Although Fang Di Chang was sealed in Divine Bean Palace’s painting, he had a portion of the authority and was resisting stubbornly, even Genesis Lotus’ will could do nothing about it.


 "But it will be over soon." Qin Ding Ling smiled: "That earlier batch of Gu Immortal seeds we sent in are developing extremely well, they already possess strength to defeat Fang Di Chang. As long as we capture him, we can use the close connection between him and Fang Yuan to search for the location of Fang Yuan’s main body."


 Spectral Soul was secretly searching for Fang Yuan’s main body, Heavenly Court was doing the same as well.


 Qin Ding Ling knew Fang Yuan was in a poor state currently and it was the best time to kill Fang Yuan. If they could kill Fang Yuan, not only would it restore Heavenly Court’s reputation, there would even be enormous spoils of war. Be it the various inheritances on Fang Yuan, his Gu worms, his sovereign immortal aperture, secluded domains of heaven and earth, and so on, they were all things Heavenly Court wanted.


 Qin Ding Ling was taking control of Heavenly Court in place of Fairy Zi Wei, although she was only a luck path Gu Immortal, she tried her best and was busy everyday, her hard work was showing results.


 Internally, Heavenly Court was leading the ten great ancient sects, actively cultivating talents and recovering their strength.


 Externally, Heavenly Court was allying with Eastern Sea, they roped in Qi Sea Ancestor first but the price was half of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance. They would soon capture Fang Di Chang, and their hopes of capturing Fang Yuan’s main body were even higher than Spectral Soul!


 "Everything will get better."


 "My Heavenly Court is and will continue to be the supreme leader of humanity!"



***
Chapter 2011 Divine Bean Soldier Calamity


***





 



 Divine Emperor City.


 Inside the painting, Fang Di Chang waved his hand, immediately, a large amount of white sand flew out and scattered around.


 The white sand fell on the ground and immediately melted into puddles of milk that seeped into the ground.


 Blop blop....


 Air bubbles rose from the ground, the beans buried under the ground devoured the milk and grew rapidly.


 In three minutes, Fang Di Chang expended the small amount of rank eight immortal material milk sand he had. The barren land became extremely fertile and green bean sprouts broke out of the ground surface.


 "Again." Fang Di Chang took out a snow path immortal material.


 The immortal material was thrown to the air and was digested by Divine Emperor City, turning into broken lightning rays that covered the whole bean field.


 The broken lightning slightly touched the tender bean sprouts and agitated their growth potential, the bean sprouts began growing with a visible speed.


 "Continue." After the lightning rays dissipated, Fang Di Chang took out the third immortal material.


 Time continued to pass, about three days and three nights later, Fang Di Chang slowly stopped his actions.


 He looked at the field, the beans had already grown into divine bean soldiers. They were standing in rows, silent and still like statues as they waited for Fang Di Chang’s orders.


 Fang Di Chang sighed, thinking: "This is the last batch of divine bean soldiers. My immortal materials are basically all spent."


 As a clone of Fang Yuan, after Fang Di Chang was schemed by Genesis Lotus’ will, he had been trapped in the painting.


 Over this period of time after the fate war, he had been waiting for his main body to rescue him while using all his strength to accumulate troops.


 But even by now, the main body had not come to save him, Fang Di Chang could only prepare to save himself.


 He was now trapped in the painting, unable to contact the main body and even unable to access treasure yellow heaven. But he had refined Divine Bean Palace, so he still held a portion of the authority. This was the reason Genesis Lotus’ will was unable to do anything to him in a short period of time.


 Fang Di Chang used this authority to borrow Divine Bean Palace’s strength in cultivating divine bean soldiers.


 He was constantly accumulating divine bean soldiers, and now, their size had already reached an enormous scale.


 "It is time, move out, invade and seize control of all the paintings!" Fang Di Chang gave a command without any hesitation. The divine bean soldier army began to set out.


 They split into countless divisions as they moved towards the edge of the painting and invaded other painting worlds.


 Outside Emperor City was a large farmland, wheat billowed in the autumn wind and many farmers were harvesting them.


 "This year is an abundant year!"


 "Yes, every family has made good harvests."


 "What is this noise?"


 The farmers were talking happily when they suddenly heard strange sounds and were bewildered.


 A group of over three hundred divine bean soldiers charged into this painting world.


 They discovered these farmers and behaved like sharks that smelled blood, they moved extremely quickly and killed anyone they saw.


 "Run!"


 "There are monsters, run!"


 "Spare me. Spare...."


 Guh.


 Blood splattered everywhere, the last farmer’s head and body were separated, falling into a pool of blood.


 Divine bean soldiers killed all the humans and occupied this painting world.


 At another painting outside of Emperor City.


 It was spring and the scenery was beautiful.


 A large group of scholars, students and young ladies went for an outing.


 In the midst of their joyful talks, several divine bean soldiers appeared suddenly, causing the girls to scream.


 "They dare to offend our young ladies!"


 "What are these things?"


 The scholars and students looked curiously as the guards surrounded the divine bean soldiers.


 The divine bean soldiers began to attack, the guards were already on guard so the battle went to a standstill.


 "These strange things have bad intentions!"


 "Where did these things come out from?"


 "Forget that, let’s talk after killing them first."


 The scholars and the students cooperated with the Gu Master guards and attacked, killing these divine bean soldiers without wasting much energy.


 But soon, an army of a thousand divine bean soldiers arrived in this painting world.


 This time, the guards, scholars and students were unable to resist, after a bitter struggle, most of them were killed and stepped on mercilessly by the divine bean soldiers, while a small portion retreated from this painting world and managed to survive.


 Each divine bean soldier had extraordinary strength and was at least of desolate beast level, but in the painting world, they had to follow its rules, where the gap between immortal and mortal was minuscule.


 Moreover, divine bean soldiers were transported to other painting worlds randomly, so their scales were not equal.


 Fang Di Chang made a heavy attack but the divine bean soldier army was scattered everywhere and engaged in their respective invasions. Thus, some divine bean soldiers made good progress, some met strong resistance, while some were directly annihilated by the Gu Masters in the painting world.


 Even so, Fang Di Chang soon revealed a satisfied smile.


 "My guess was right."


 "Divine Bean Palace’s paintings are connected with Emperor City’s paintings. Although I am sealed here, my divine bean soldiers originated from Divine Bean Palace and are of the same origin as the whole of Divine Emperor City, so they can move out."


 "The more painting worlds these divine bean soldiers occupy, the more control I will have over Divine Emperor City. After gaining a certain amount of control, I can even go a step further and suppress Genesis Lotus’ will, becoming the owner of Divine Emperor City!"


 Fang Di Chang’s huge move this time made the Gu Immortal seeds, sent by Heavenly Court into Divine Emperor City’s painting world, gather and discuss a plan.


 "What is going on with these divine bean soldiers?" Chen Da Jiang frowned.


 Sun Yao’s eyes were red: "I also don’t know, these monsters appeared and began killing wantonly, they are extremely vicious. Those pitiful beggars and homeless people were all killed by these monsters."


 "Maybe this is our fortuitous encounter or maybe it is a test?" Tang Ru Qi guessed.


 Ying Sheng Ji frowned: "I killed many divine bean soldiers, but I have not made any gains until now."


 Wei Wu Shang analyzed calmly: "Divine bean soldiers are a product of Divine Bean Palace, according to rumors, Gu Immortals can raise these wood path soldiers in a large scale in Divine Bean Palace. When it is time to battle, the Gu Immortal can release them to fight the enemies. Previously, when Divine Bean Palace was with Western Desert, they scattered a large number of divine bean soldiers to fight our Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects."


 "So what is the reason behind these divine bean soldiers’ sudden appearance?" Zhao Shu Ye asked.


 Wei Wu Shang shook his head: "I don’t know, it has been some time since we arrived here but the painting world here is too vast and profound, we don’t know a lot of its secrets."


 "What is the point of trying to figure out the reason?" Right at this time, Xiao Qi Xing walked over.


 "Ah, it is Brother Xiao."


 "What information do you have? Or do you know the truth of the matter?"


 These Gu Immortal seeds asked one after the other, they thought highly of Xiao Qi Xing because he had the best progress among them.


 He mixed into the military faction and continued to advance in ranks and was already a junior officer now.


 Xiao Qi Xing said: "I don’t care about the reason behind these divine bean soldiers’ appearance, I only know the higher-ups have sent the order to mobilize the army to exterminate these divine bean soldiers. This time, I am leading my troops alone and need assistance. We will cooperate and kill these divine bean soldiers. There will definitely be rewards after the battle."


 "It is fine with me. These monsters should be killed!" Chen Da Jiang said.


 Sun Yao nodded: "These divine bean soldiers are too vicious, they are simply disregarding human lives. I will take revenge for those pitiful beggars and homeless people."


 "Count me in too." Zhao Shu Ye also expressed her stance.


 Soon, all of these Gu Immortals agreed and temporarily joined Xiao Qi Xing as his subordinates.


 Xiao Qi Xing laughed heartily, he was pleased and proud with this huge increase in strength and manpower: "Move out! Let us kill these divine bean soldiers."



***
Chapter 2012 Fang Di Changs Death


***





 



 Divine Emperor City, painting world.


 In the vast plaza, Xiao Qi Xing led a large group of troops and was facing a group of divine bean soldiers.


 The scale of this group of divine bean soldiers was bigger than Xiao Qi Xing’s side.


 "How do we fight them?" Sun Yuan Hua had just asked when the divine bean soldiers charged.


 Xiao Qi Xing stopped his side from attacking and smiled: "Everyone, please stay put for now and look at how I fight them."


 Saying this, Xiao Qi Xing flicked his fingers repeatedly, a large amount of Gu worms flew out of his aperture.


 These Gu worms fell to the ground and turned into human shapes. Most of them were ordinary soldiers, a few clearly looked like elites, and an extremely small number of them looked much more brave and valiant.


 "These are soldier Gu, sergeant Gu, lieutenant Gu?" Gu Ting narrowed his eyes.


 "They should be." Wei Wu Shang counted roughly: "There are over five hundred of them, looks like Xiao Qi Xing progressed really well in the military camp to be able to accumulate so many human path Gu worms."


 "Formation!" Xiao Qi Xing shouted while activating arrow formation Gu.


 These soldiers immediately gathered, captains led lieutenants, lieutenants led sergeants, and sergeants led soldiers.


 And the entire army formed a giant arrow that rushed head on towards the incoming divine bean soldiers.


 "Charge—!"


 Xiao Qi Xing’s army roared loudly, on the contrary, the divine bean soldiers were silent like there was no life.


 The two sides were like colliding waves which began to mix into each other.


 Xiao Qi Xing’s gaze was like lightning as he put all his attention on controlling his troops.


 In the chaotic battle, his troops were further divided but they always maintained the most basic military formation.


 On the contrary, the divine bean soldiers were a messy and disordered group.


 After the initial stalemate, the situation began to slowly fall into Xiao Qi Xing’s grasp. Once he occupied the upper hand, this advantage snowballed and soon, it turned into absolute dominance.


 Finally, Xiao Qi Xing’s side won a complete victory with all divine bean soldiers killed off.


 "How is it?" Xiao Qi Xing returned with victory and showed off to the other Gu Immortal seeds.


 Zhao Shu Ye rolled his eyes, not bothering to reply.


 "Brother Xiao is truly amazing!" Chen Da Jiang raised his thumb.


 "Hahaha." Xiao Qi Xing laughed heartily and said to Chen Da Jiang: "If you had walked the same path as me back then, you would also have such accomplishments today."


 "We should continue. We have only cleared up one painting." Wei Wu Shang said.


 "Don’t be careless. These soldiers are only yellow bean divine soldiers, they are the most basic type of divine bean soldier." Gu Ting said.


 They continued to march forward and fight divine bean soldiers.


 After a while, they arrived at the most flourishing street of Divine Emperor City.


 Divine bean soldiers were wantonly killing the people in the city and it was a scene of chaos.


 Sun Yao’s eyes turned red with fury. The first time she entered here, she had arrived at this street and enjoyed its flourishing scenes. She had never expected such a beautiful scene to be completely destroyed by the divine bean soldiers, everywhere was littered with corpses and blood flowed into a river.


 "This will need everyone’s assistance." Xiao Qi Xing was modest for once: "The paths are narrow and vision is not clear, my troops won’t be able to move properly."


 The other Gu Immortal seeds had no objections as they charged to the front lines and attacked.


 Xiao Qi Xing stayed at the rear, observing the situation while controlling the soldiers to move forward.


 He was deeply aware that he came to compete for Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance, these Gu Masters beside him were his greatest competitors. Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated, this was the best opportunity to gain information about these people.


 These Gu Master elites of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects were indeed extraordinary.


 Xiao Qi Xing had made a lot of progress, these Gu Masters were also not any inferior.


 Ying Sheng Ji continuously took out doctor Gu, which took human forms and saved people everywhere.


 Chen Da Jiang went through the outer gate, a group of officers moved around him as he joined the front lines with a long sword and a steel chain.


 Sun Yao gave a bigger surprise to Xiao Qi Xing, three female dancers moved around her, their long sleeves fluttered in the wind and weakened the divine bean soldiers. Moreover, Sun Yao also held a human path killer move — Joy in Helping People; this move strengthened her allies.


 As for Wei Wu Shang, he appeared and disappeared as he moved in the chaotic battle like a fish in water.


 "This guy has already mastered thief Gu." Xiao Qi Xing realized.


 These elites immediately shone brightly the moment they made their moves. Xiao Qi Xing also felt heavy pressure as he warned himself: "I really cannot underestimate these people!"


 This chaotic battle lasted for five minutes before the whole street was cleared.


 Without staying any longer, Xiao Qi Xing’s group marched towards other paintings once again.


 The divine bean soldiers in their path were all annihilated.


 Naturally, they were not the only group who were counterattacking. The warriors in the painting worlds also organized many groups and participated in the battle, killing the divine bean soldiers.


 Ye Fan and Hong Yi were also mixed among other groups, they were secretly conversing.


 "These divine bean soldiers are really odd, there are so many types of them."


 "The ten great ancient sects’ members have also grown, we need to conceal ourselves and not be discovered by them."


 They were the earliest people to enter the painting world.


 At this moment, their accumulation far surpassed the Central Continent elites, but Ye Fan and Hong Yi could only move secretly. After all, the five regions world was the main world, once they were discovered by Heavenly Court, the situation would become a mess.


 The counterattacking groups became faster the more they killed, their efficiency was increasing continuously and casualties were reducing.


 After they had sufficient experience, they completely saw through the types of divine bean soldiers. Yellow bean divine soldiers were only cannon fodder, green bean soldiers could shoot flying arrows, red bean soldiers could self-detonate, black bean soldiers had the greatest defense.


 After understanding the characteristics of the different divine bean soldiers, they began to launch targeted attacks. These divine bean soldiers were far weaker than their external appearance.


 The counterattacking groups continued to gain victories and seized back more territories.


 Finally, they gathered on the city walls of Divine Emperor City.


 There was an ocean of divine bean soldiers outside the city walls, Xiao Qi Xing could not help taking in a sharp breath when he saw this.


 The enemy force was overwhelming, it was not something their group could handle. They could only have a chance of defending the city by allying with other groups.


 Divine bean soldiers rushed forward without any formation.


 Xiao Qi Xing’s group attacked with long range skills from top of the city walls.


 Divine bean soldiers were like ants as they began climbing the city walls.


 The ones guarding the city staked their lives to counterattack, not retreating a step.


 The whole battlefield was like a huge meat grinder, large amounts of lives were lost every second.


 This battle lasted three days and three nights.


 Xiao Qi Xing collapsed and sat weakly on the ground. His snowy-white military robe was already dyed red with blood.


 Cheers spread continuously in the surroundings, they had won. This largest group of divine bean soldiers was completely exterminated by them.


 Victory was assured!


 Next would be to clear up the remaining small groups of divine bean soldiers in every painting.


 "Wait a second, we seem to be able to walk out of Divine Emperor City."


 "We can follow the path the divine bean soldiers took and attack their base!"


 When they were clearing up the battlefield, many made a big discovery.


 The troops began to gather once again and battled their way to Fang Di Chang.


 In this painting world, Fang Di Chang’s strength was greatly reduced but he still had a group of divine bean soldiers around him.


 "So you are the main culprit behind all these!"


 "You are going to pay for your sins!"


 "Why, why do you need to kill these innocent people, what grudge do you have against them?"


 Emotions surged, but Xiao Qi Xing’s group glanced at each other and moved towards the rear silently.


 "So the cause of the divine bean soldier calamity was him."


 "He is a Gu Immortal of Fang clan, Fang Di Chang, who had once refined Divine Bean Palace."


 "I did not expect him to still be alive, and he is creating chaos in the painting world!"


 "Don’t tell me, did our sects send us here to get rid of him?"


 "Strange, why didn’t Heavenly Court attack and kill Fang Di Chang directly? Maybe this is a test for us, or maybe we can only deal with him while following the rules of the painting world?"


 Xiao Qi Xing’s group conversed quickly, their expressions were extremely serious. They were the ones chosen and nurtured by their respective sects, thus they had a lot of information about the Gu Immortal world, they had detailed information about the participants of the fate war.


 "Kill!"


 "Take revenge for our friends and family!"


 "I will cut him into a thousand pieces!!"


 The Gu Masters of the painting world attacked Fang Di Chang.


 "A bunch of trash." Fang Di Chang stood at the center and commanded his troops calmly. The divine bean soldiers beside him changed their formation and moved smoothly like water. The cooperation between the various types of soldiers was extremely smooth and fluid.


 Instantly, the warriors of the painting world suffered heavy casualties.


 Xiao Qi Xing’s group was also shocked.


 "The scale of these divine bean soldiers is quite small, how could they have such results?"


 "With a Gu Immortal commanding them, they are completely different from before."


 "What should we do? Battle or retreat?"


 "Fight! We have numbers on our side, Fang Di Chang might be strong, but the gap between us is not the gap between immortal and mortal. We have a high chance of success!"


 "Slaughter the immortal!!"


 Someone shouted the slogan which made Xiao Qi Xing’s group extremely excited.


 The moment they joined in the battle, the Gu Masters in the front lines felt like they had received strong reinforcements.


 In fact, not only them, even Ye Fan and Hong Yi were also mixed in the battle, helping out secretly.


 Fang Di Chang snorted coldly. Under his command, the divine bean soldiers’ formation kept on changing while being extremely stable.


 Xiao Qi Xing’s group battled hard for a long time, but to their horror, they discovered that the casualty difference between the enemy and their side had reached a terrifying level. There were only negligible losses to the divine bean soldiers.


 "What should we do?"


 "An immortal is still an immortal in the end!"


 "Let alone when Fang Di Chang is a wisdom path Gu Immortal."


 Xiao Qi Xing’s group’s morale fell sharply and they had the thought of retreating, not daring to fight with Fang Di Chang.


 But at this time, Fang Di Chang’s body shook suddenly as he coughed a mouthful of blood. He snorted coldly and looked up at the sky, laughing coldly: "Genesis Lotus’ will, you couldn’t endure it and took action after all."


 Fang Di Chang was suppressed by Genesis Lotus’ will, his control over the divine bean soldiers was no longer as smooth as before.


 Xiao Qi Xing’s group immediately felt the pressure on them reducing sharply, they were surprised and happy as they attacked once again.


 Fang Di Chang’s divine bean soldiers continued to fall till they were all annihilated.


 Fang Di Chang had no choice but to attack personally, he rampaged through the army, killing everyone in his path with no one being able to rival him.


 This did not last long, his condition continued to deteriorate as he began to receive injuries.


 After some more time, Fang Di Chang was soaked in blood and started to stagger.


 "To think that I, Fang Di Chang, would actually die in such a place!" Fang Di Chang shouted in sadness as he self-detonated resolutely.


 Boom!


 The Gu Masters surrounding him were wiped out with no intact corpses.


 After a short period of shock, the surviving Gu Masters shouted in joy.


 "We won!"


 "We finally killed the demon."


 "Sob... father, mother, I have avenged you."


 Xiao Qi Xing’s group was also excited and their faces were flushed red: "We killed an immortal! We succeeded in slaughtering the immortal!"



***
Chapter 2013 Survival Through Death


***





 



 Xiao Qi Xing’s group strolled along the streets.


 The huge battle had just ended, the flourishing and bustling street had turned into a scene of desolation, with no pedestrians moving around. Even if there were, they were mostly injured ones.


 "Fang Di Chang is not worthy of being in Western Desert’s righteous path! He slaughtered innocents and caused many deaths. Letting him die like this is really letting him go easy." Chen Da Jiang said hatefully.


 Ying Sheng Ji sighed as he added: "Yes, this was once a place filled with rich vitality."


 "Hehehe. You guys are truly funny." Wei Wu Shang laughed: "This is only a painting world, it is Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s killer move. The people here are not real existences. No matter how many are dead or injured, after a few years, it will be restored back to normal."


 "Yes. Compared to these things, I am more curious about the rewards the sects will give us!" Gu Ting said.


 Xiao Qi Xing’s eyes brightened: "We killed an immortal as mortals, and even got rid of the hidden disaster in Divine Emperor City. With such a huge contribution, not only our sects, even Heavenly Court should personally reward us, right? Hahaha!"


 Xiao Qi Xing laughed heartily and was inwardly pleased.


 He had the best performance and had contributed the most in putting down the divine bean soldiers and eliminating Fang Di Chang.


 In terms of rewards based on contribution, he would be at the top!


 In an alley which the group passed by, two beggars were sitting at a corner, looking at everything with indifference.


 The behaviors of these ten great ancient sects’ Gu Immortal seeds naturally fell into these two beggars’ view.


 "I owe my thanks to you, Brother Shen." One beggar transmitted his voice.


 The other beggar laughed: "Should I address you as Fang Yuan, or Fang Di Chang?"


 The other beggar replied: "I am only a clone, and strictly speaking, I can’t even be considered a clone now, I am only a remnant will. So, you don’t need to address me as Fang Yuan. As for Fang Di Chang, he is already dead, having died by self-detonation. I am a nameless person now, just a lowly beggar remains."


 Shen Shang’s eyes shone: "You are too modest. Even without me, you were already prepared to use death to escape."


 The other beggar nodded, not denying it: "In my previous plan, if I could occupy and seize the painting worlds with the divine bean soldiers, it would have been the best result. But the chance for this was not high. By preempting the actions to take after defeat, I was naturally prepared for everything. Self-detonation destroyed my body and soul, but this will was secretly left behind."


 Pausing for a moment, Fang Yuan’s will continued: "I have to thank you for your help regardless. If I relied on just my methods, there is a high probability of Genesis Lotus’ will discovering me. But with you shielding me, it is a completely different case. Shen Shang, your human path attainment continues to grow by the day."


 Shen Shang chuckled: "That is true. Since the fate war, after I deciphered the venerable human path killer moves, my human path attainment rose quite a bit. And after I arrived in this painting world, I acted as a beggar, observing and experiencing life which gave me a lot of insight. A beggar has a beggar’s advantage; beggars stand at the lowest level of society, they can observe the attitudes of people, experience kindness and harshness, feel hunger and fullness, warmth and cold."


 Shen Shang then changed the topic, asking: "What do you plan to do now? Leave here or continue to stay?"


 Fang Yuan’s will did not hesitate: "I am unable to leave here. Even if only a will remains of me now, it has only temporarily escaped the observation of Genesis Lotus’ will and has not grasped a way to leave. What about you?"


 Shen Shang also shook his head: "I also haven’t found the method to leave. I have already secretly checked those Gu Immortal seeds of the ten great ancient sects. They are able to enter and exit here because they have obtained the approval of Genesis Lotus’ will. But I believe that as long as I continue to stay in hiding and research, my human path attainment will continue to accumulate and attain a qualitative change. By that time, I can find a method to leave this place."


 Fang Yuan’s will looked deeply at Shen Shang, he could see Shen Shang was happy to stay in here.


 However, when Fang Yuan thought of it, it was also not strange.


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had made this huge move, he created a special small world to develop human path.


 Over here, human path was supreme and other paths were secondary. Human path had the greatest development while other paths had little progress.


 At the same time, this world followed the rules of the mortal world, there was an insignificant gap between immortals and mortals, which was more beneficial for the development of human path.


 Moreover, the inside and outside were separated, when outsiders came here, they would be isolated from the five regions and could not even connect to treasure yellow heaven. This stopped information from spreading outside or entering and corrupting the people here. Thus, it created an isolated sacred land of human path.


 Shen Shang primarily cultivated human path. In here, he was like a gluttonous monster that saw absolutely rare delicacies, he was like a fish in water and even felt deeply attached to this place.


 Fang Yuan’s will was currently possessing a body, it was created from Shen Shang’s beggar Gu.


 He had two choices in front of him now. One was to wait for the main body to rescue him, the other was to cultivate alongside Shen Shang and use Shen Shang’s strength to get free.


 All the information concerning the divine bean soldier calamity was gathered in Qin Ding Ling’s hands.


 "Fang Di Chang died by self-detonation?" Qin Ding Ling frowned.


 This result somewhat disappointed Qin Ding Ling, she had been hoping to capture this clone of Fang Yuan alive. And through him, deduce the location of Fang Yuan’s main body.


 "I did not expect Fang Yuan’s clone to resolutely kill himself, but this also conforms to Fang Yuan’s vicious personality." Qin Ding Ling did not hold much doubts.


 "If we could capture him alive, that would have been better. In the painting world, the gap between immortals and mortals is not big. Unfortunately, these Gu Immortal seeds have not grown enough and were unable to grasp the opportunity." Qin Ding Ling sighed inwardly.


 Xiao Qi Xing’s group thought they made important contributions by slaughtering an immortal, but in her mind, Qin Ding Ling reviewed it poorly.


 However, even so, Qin Ding Ling decided to reward these Gu Immortal seeds heavily. They were important cultivation targets after all.


 After dealing with the matter of rewards, Qin Ding Ling put her attention on Eastern Sea’s conflict once again.


 Eastern Sea’s conflict was the clash between humans and variant humans.


 One side was led by Qi Sea Ancestor while the other was led by Wu Shuai. They had fought several times in the immemorial two heavens as well as sea areas of Eastern Sea, and the battles were becoming increasingly fierce.


 After Qi Sea Ancestor saved Profound Literature grotto-heaven, he united several grotto-heaven forces in the two heavens.


 Although Wu Shuai was defeated, he was not willing to show any weakness. On one hand, he gathered the forces of the two heavens that joined him, on the other hand, he ambushed and invaded those grotto-heaven forces that wanted to wait and see.


 Wu Shuai’s direction was extremely clear and blunt.


 Before attacking the five regions, he must clean up the two heavens to stabilize their base.


 On one hand, this was because the distance between the two heavens’ grotto-heavens was short and they could dispatch troops easily. If Wu Shuai ignored this, when the main army was outside in the future, the grotto-heavens only needed to pose an attack and it could cause Wu Shuai’s army to end up losing their home ground.


 On the other hand, qi harvest fruits of various sizes had appeared in grotto-heavens of Wu Shuai’s subordinates. Every time Wu Shuai attacked another grotto-heaven, he would test the variant human Gu Immortals’ suggestions to get rid of the qi harvest fruits. Wu Shuai’s side was in dire need of such trial and error.


 Because of Wu Shuai’s violent strategy, more and more human forces in the two heavens sought Qi Sea Ancestor’s protection.


 Qi Sea Ancestor defended the grotto-heavens while integrating various forces. But on the whole, they were still at a disadvantage.


 Wu Shuai’s two heavens alliance was strengthening at a much faster speed than Qi Sea Ancestor’s.


 He was actively protecting the variant humans’ benefits, which caused increasingly more variant human grotto-heavens to join him. In the two heavens, variant human grotto-heavens were much larger in numbers than human grotto-heavens.


 The final batch of variant human forces who adopted the thought of waiting and seeing took the initiative to side with Wu Shuai. On one hand, they were forced to because of the situation, on the other hand, if they did not surrender, there was no hope in resolving the hidden danger of the qi harvest fruits in their grotto-heavens.


 Wu Shuai’s prestige soared but the qi harvest fruit’s issue was still troubling him. The two heavens alliance tested many methods but they had all failed in eliminating qi harvest fruits.


 Over at Qi Sea Ancestor’s side, the progress in researching the mysteries of qi harvest fruit was also quite slow.


 Wu Shuai’s and Qi Sea Ancestor’s sides fought frequently, but there were not many casualties. It was because both sides were not focused on eliminating the other side, but on clearing up the danger of the qi harvest fruits.


 "The one who knows the most about the mysteries of the qi harvest fruit is probably Demon Immortal Qi Jue. Unfortunately my strength is restrained at present and unable to deal with him." Fang Yuan sighed in pity.


 He had already resolved the huge problem of heaven’s will, but he still had no clue as to how to refine heaven path dao marks.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue, who Fang Yuan was thinking about, had currently arrived at Western Desert.


 "It should be nearby." Demon Immortal Qi Jue flew low and searched everywhere.


 He did not succeed in borrowing Gu from Qi Sea Ancestor, so he used qi path investigative methods to search for other qi path Immortal Gu.


 And on this search, he found several qi path Immortal Gu.


 These qi path Immortal Gu were mostly wild Immortal Gu, they were naturally born after enormous qi tides, as for the rest, they were looted from other Gu Immortals.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not go overboard, he only looted qi path Immortal Gu and spared the Gu Immortals.


 Moving and stopping along the way, Demon Immortal Qi Jue gradually left Eastern Sea and arrived at Western Desert.


 "I deduced that a qi path Immortal Gu is near here." Just as Demon Immortal Qi Jue was mumbling, a Gu Immortal suddenly appeared within his investigative range.


 Rank eight Gu Immortal, Red Heart Traveler!



***
Chapter 2014 Qi Jue Takes Blood Qi


***





 



 Seeing this Gu Immortal, who was wearing a headband and a green robe, having a tall and powerful stance and handsome appearance, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s mind shook: "That qi path Immortal Gu I deduced, could it be on this person?"


 The moment this thought emerged, Demon Immortal Qi Jue attacked!


 With a loud sound, a giant white qi hand moved to catch Red Heart Traveler.


 Almost at the same time that Demon Immortal Qi Jue discovered Red Heart Traveler, Red Heart Traveler also discovered Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not recognize Red Heart Traveler, but Red Heart Traveler already had Heavenly Court’s first hand information on Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Seeing the white qi hand fly towards him, Red Heart Traveler’s heart jumped and he quickly evaded.


 Red Heart Traveler was a Heavenly Court Gu Immortal and the previous Demon Judgment Board leader, he was very strong. During the fate war, he came to Western Desert and disguised as a blood path demonic immortal, attracting the attention of many super forces of Western Desert’s righteous path, thus restraining a large number of hostile forces for Central Continent.


 Looking at the whole of Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world, Red Heart Traveler had the confidence to fight against almost any Western Desert Gu Immortal. But right now, his opponent was Demon Immortal Qi Jue, one of the strongest Gu Immortals in the present age.


 Red Heart Traveler was well aware that he was not Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s match. The gap was too large, and the loser of this battle was certain to be him.


 So Red Heart Traveler retreated without any hesitation.


 At the next moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue saw a lump of blood red light emerge behind Red Heart Traveler’s head, after which the latter’s speed increased sharply and was able to dodge his qi hand.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue exclaimed slightly, mumbling inwardly: "Blood path again? It seems like blood path is very prolific in this age."


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was naturally not willing to let go of Red Heart Traveler so easily, so he gave chase.


 One chased and one fled, they had soon traveled over ten thousand li.


 To his surprise, Demon Immortal Qi Jue discovered his main movement method was actually unable to catch up to Red Heart Traveler. Naturally, he was not left behind in the dust either.


 "I have already modified my movement method but I am still unable to catch up to this person. Who is this person? A rank eight blood path Gu Immortal...."


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue searched his memories and gradually found some clues.


 He had previously soul searched Qing Hui Zi and obtained a lot of information. Red Heart Traveler’s true identity was not exposed but he created havoc in Western Desert, and with the sensitive identity of a rank eight blood path expert, information regarding him was already spread in treasure yellow heaven and every Gu Immortal in the world had learned of it.


 After chasing for some more time, Demon Immortal Qi Jue suddenly shouted: "Where exactly are you running to?"


 His preparation was finished, he activated a killer move.


 Red Heart Traveler immediately felt the surrounding qi currents engulf him, severely affecting his speed.


 He sighed inwardly, he could only turn around and fight Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s moves were majestic and powerful, milky white qi currents surged like a tsunami with unstoppable might.


 When they truly fought, there was no surprise, Red Heart Traveler fell into a disadvantage. But his methods also were not weak, blood red light spread and blood red flowers bloomed, there was no evil feeling, on the contrary, they were warm and righteous as they defended him.


 Red Heart Traveler struggled with all his might, but in just several rounds, his whole body was soaked with sweat. He sighed internally: "As expected of a monster that was recorded in history, he is too strong!"


 Red Heart Traveler felt he was like a small boat that was using all its strength to dodge and delay for time under the tidal wave-like attacks of Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 After several more rounds, Red Heart Traveler was already in a perilous situation.


 At this time, there was suddenly a beast roar. An immemorial desolate beast drilled out from the desert and went for a surprise attack on Demon Immortal Qi Jue from behind.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was caught off-guard but he did not panic, he waved his hand and a mountain-like giant qi hand slammed into the immemorial desolate beast.


 But just as this immemorial desolate beast was about to be struck by the giant hand, it suddenly let out bright light and transformed into an immemorial swallow that shot towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue like a black arrow.


 "So it is a transformation path Gu Immortal! Haha, interesting." Demon Immortal Qi Jue was slightly surprised, he praised while he fought against this immortal.


 The aid was from Nine Spiritual Fairy.


 She and Red Heart Traveler had come to Western Desert together to help each other out.


 With her reinforcement, Red Heart Traveler’s situation immediately turned better, he managed to escape from the horrible outcome of death.


 "We can’t fight for long! This old demon is truly terrifying, we are not his match. We are only able to resist him now because he is not familiar with our methods yet." Red Heart Traveler hurriedly transmitted his voice.


 He had fought Demon Immortal Qi Jue and felt the terror of an expert at the peak of the present age. Demon Immortal Qi Jue was unable to get rid of him because he had resurrected not long ago and had yet to completely adapt to the changes. If they truly fought, it was only a matter of time before Heavenly Court’s two immortals were killed by Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 "I have an idea, follow me!" Nine Spiritual Fairy transmitted her voice, retreating while fighting.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue chased after the two immortals all the way to a desert.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy suddenly transformed into an immemorial desolate beast and held Red Heart Traveler in her mouth before plunging into the desert.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue snorted coldly: "Foolish action!"


 With a clap of his hands, heaven and earth shook. Milky white qi current slammed the desert surface like a tsunami, the surrounding hundred li of desert was forcibly pressed down to over ten feet deep!


 Nine Spiritual Fairy let out a muffled groan as she suffered heavy injuries.


 Red Heart Traveler quickly used healing methods on her.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy did not dare to return to fighting and concentrated only on moving deeper into the ground.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was just about to plunge into the desert and continue chasing when he suddenly heard a beast roar. At the next moment, a huge immemorial soul beast flew out of the nearby desert ground.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s pupils shrunk slightly when he saw this immemorial soul beast.


 This immemorial soul beast had a strange shape and looked quite furious. It had a tortoise shell, four tiger paws, dragon tail, snake neck, and a human head. Its head was full of disheveled hair and its eyes were letting out ominous light and fury.


 This was a legendary immemorial desolate beast with many Immortal Gu!


 "Oh, you found Qing Chou." Seeing Demon Immortal Qi Jue tangled with the immemorial soul beast, Red Heart Traveler exclaimed in shock.


 This immemorial soul beast was Qing Chou.


 After Divine Bean Palace was seized by Fang clan, Qing Chou left Divine Bean Palace and hid itself in some areas.


 But in the fate war, Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City had merged into one and Genesis Lotus’ was in control of it. After the fate war, Genesis Lotus’ will naturally handed all kinds of information to Heavenly Court.


 Not only did Qin Ding Ling know of Fang Di Chang’s true identity, she also obtained information on Qing Chou. Divine Bean Palace had imprisoned Qing Chou for so many years, Genesis Lotus’ will had an extremely high understanding of it and knew of a secret method to find it.


 Qin Ding Ling obtained this secret method and secretly commanded Nine Spiritual Fairy to search for Qing Chou and subdue it.


 Qing Chou was a legendary immemorial beast, not only did it have outstanding battle strength, it also had a natural ability to recognize everything related to Spectral Soul. If Heavenly Court obtained it, not only could they deal with Fang Yuan, they could even deal with Spectral Soul, it could be considered as killing two birds with one stone.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy had found Qing Chou’s location not long ago, but her strength was insufficient and she had no confidence in succeeding. When Red Heart Traveler ran into Demon Immortal Qi Jue, she thought of a plan to lure Demon Immortal Qi Jue into fighting with Qing Chou.


 "Amazing, like this, we can watch from the sidelines and even possibly benefit from their conflict." Red Heart Traveler smiled.


 "Qing Chou is not Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s match, we need to observe the situation before making a decision." Nine Spiritual Fairy talked while moving deeper into the ground, the further away they were from the battlefield, the better.


 However, beyond the expectations of Heavenly Court’s two immortals, Demon Immortal Qi Jue felt something amiss and breathed out boundless qi currents that filled the sky.


 He entered them and quickly disappeared.


 Without an opponent, Qing Chou also chose to leave the battlefield, escaping to the horizons.


 Deep underground, Heavenly Court’s two immortals looked at each other. Red Heart Traveler suddenly said: "Damn it! That Blood Sea true inheritance is going to be taken!"


 Nine Spiritual Fairy was stunned for a moment before reacting: "You really found that blood path true inheritance?"


 Red Heart Traveler nodded, sighing: "Heavenly Court’s clues were not wrong, the crucial key was the qi tide that exposed the Blood Sea true inheritance. I searched for over half a month before finally arriving at the location. But I ran into Demon Immortal Qi Jue over there."


 Nine Spiritual Fairy was silent.


 Meanwhile, Demon Immortal Qi Jue returned back to the original spot.


 "It is really here!" He inspected for a while, discovering the target was still here and had not moved.


 After trying for a while more, he successfully obtained this Blood Sea true inheritance.


 Back then, Blood Sea Ancestor had set up hundreds of thousands of inheritance sites that spread over Central Continent, Southern Border, Northern Plains, Western Desert and Eastern Sea. Among them, there were nine true inheritances.


 One of the true inheritances had now fallen into Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s hands.


 "Blood path true inheritance... amazing, with this true inheritance, it will be several times easier for me to deal with blood path Gu Immortals."


 "And this blood qi Immortal Gu is really suitable for me. Hahaha."


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed heartily.


 Almost all the killer moves he activated before consumed qi path immortal materials. Now that he obtained a qi path Immortal Gu, his strength was raised further.


 Although there was still some difference from his peak condition in history, he was already much stronger than when he fought Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 2015 Sand Wolf Citys Huge Change


***





 



 Western Desert.


 Wind blew hard and sand flew everywhere. A merchant caravan pulled by camels was moving with difficulty through the barren desert.


 "Oh heavens, we finally returned to Sand Wolf City." Inside the caravan, Peng Da spoke with deep emotions as he showed an exhausted expression.


 Gu Master Mo Li was sitting on a camel to the side, he looked at Peng Da and laughed: "Kid, your words are quite different from when we moved out the first time."


 Peng Da’s face flushed a little. When Mo Li had just organized the merchant caravan, Peng Da had been extremely excited and thought the adventure would be amazing and fun.


 But after a few caravan trips, Peng Da had already fully realized his former naivety. In this world, peddling was not only difficult and extremely dangerous, it was also extremely tiring. With even some slight carelessness, his fragile life would be lost in the vast and merciless desert.


 However, Peng Da’s emotions resonated with other Gu Masters in the merchant caravan.


 "Yes, we are back home again."


 "We did not encounter any danger in this journey, but it was truly exhausting. I am going to take a good bath after returning."


 "I am already unable to control myself, I’ll go drink my fill at the tavern, hahaha."


 Mo Li smiled, he thought of his wife as well as his son, who had changed a lot recently. His son was selected and was heavily cultivated, his prodigal son had truly turned over a new leaf.


 These beautiful wonders of life gave Mo Li brand new hope and motivation. Being a caravan merchant was difficult, but he found joy in his own way.


 "Wait, something is going on!" The investigative Gu Master who was at the forefront of the caravan suddenly shouted.


 Peng Da immediately tensed up while also feeling somewhat strange. According to common sense, this was near Sand Wolf City and there should be no danger here. So why was there the sudden warning?


 Mo Li immediately activated his investigative Gu worm, his body slightly stiffened as he shouted: "The situation is strange, rush forward with full speed!"


 Peng Da and the rest did not know the reason but seeing Mo Li take the lead, they naturally believed in the merchant caravan leader and followed quickly.


 When they got close to Sand Wolf City, they did not even need to use Gu worms to discover the abnormalities.


 Puffs of gray smoke curled upwards, there was also fire and a burnt smell in the air that all came from Sand Wolf City.


 Everyone in the merchant caravan had a bad feeling as they moved even faster.


 Finally, they arrived in front of Sand Wolf City’s gate.


 "Impossible!"


 "What exactly is going on?!"


 "Oh heavens, this is a dream, right? It must be a dream."


 Some of the merchant caravan members simply knelt on the ground, some broke down and started crying, even the most stable, leader Mo Li, was standing in a daze.


 Peng Da’s eyes were wide open as he looked at the scene in front of him in disbelief.


 The flouring Sand Wolf City had now become ruins. There were corpses everywhere, rubble and wreckage littered the roads, fire burned and smoke was everywhere, the scene was too horrible to look at.


 Mo Li mumbled when he suddenly jolted, running towards the inner city.


 His movement jolted many people, Gu Masters began rushing to their homes.


 Peng Da did not have a home so he rode a camel and followed Mo Li.


 Mo Li was fast, and with anxiety burning his heart, he directly left Peng Da far behind. Fortunately, Peng Da had returned to Sand Wolf City several times and knew the path to Mo Li’s home.


 When Peng Da reached Mo Li’s home, he saw ruins. Mo Li was kneeling on the ground, silently looking at his wife’s corpse that he had dug out.


 Peng Da, however, sensed deep sadness from Mo Li’s silence.


 "How could this be? What exactly happened here?" While Peng Da was sad, even more so, he was bewildered.


 As far as he was concerned, Sand Wolf City was a large city with many Gu Masters stationed here, but it was actually destroyed and turned into a city devoid of life!


 What kind of strength could have the power to destroy the whole of Sand Wolf City?


 Was it a qi tide disaster?


 But it did not look like that at all from the traces.


 "This world is truly too dangerous. People are living in danger, even Gu Masters are the same. There is simply no safe place." Peng Da felt his insignificance growing increasingly.


 He looked at Mo Li who was kneeling like a statue and opened his mouth several times before finally saying: "Uncle, we need to pull ourselves together. Don’t forget you still have a son."


 These words shook Mo Li, his eyes lit up with some hope once again.


 "Peng Da, thank you for your reminder! My son is still in the inner city area, he is a Gu Immortal seed and is heavily nurtured. He must be okay, he has to be guarded properly! Let’s go find him!"


 Mo Li carried his wife’s corpse and rushed towards the inner city area with Peng Da.


 The whole inner city area had turned into a huge crater.


 The inner city area — was gone!


 Several caravan members were standing at the edge of the crater, watching it blankly.


 Mo Li walked towards them and looked at the huge crater in front of him, his face turned extremely pale and his lips trembled, unable to say anything.


 Peng Da took in a sharp breath of air, he could see this huge crater was a beast’s footprint. Such a large footprint meant this beast was unimaginably huge!


 "This is not man-made."


 "A beast calamity!"


 "A mountain sized beast attacked Sand Wolf City and killed everyone!"


 The caravan members analyzed and started weeping again.


 Mo Li fell into deathly silence and Peng Da did not know how to console him. Mo Li once had a beautiful home and now it was all gone, only he himself was remaining.


 As far as Mo Li was concerned, as far as the surviving caravan members were concerned, fate was simply too cruel!


 Boom—!


 Just at this time, there was a sonic boom in the sky above everyone.


 This sound immediately attracted everyone’s attention.


 "Could it be that the giant beast did not leave?" Peng Da quickly raised his head and saw two figures floating in the sky.


 "Gu Immortals!" The other Gu Masters shouted.


 "Disaster befell this place as well." The Gu Immortals in the sky talked, their voices echoing and spreading below, they did not conceal it.


 "This damned beast, it has caused my Mo clan to suffer such disastrous losses. Wait until I capture it, I will pull out its tendons and flay its skin to ease my anger." Another Gu Immortal said in fury.


 "Let’s go, we will catch up to it soon." The two Gu Immortals quickly flew away.


 The Gu Masters on the ground were silent for a while when someone suddenly started to cry out loud.


 "Father, mother, you died so miserably. I, your son, cannot avenge you, but the immortals will uphold justice for you!"


 Peng Da was silent, his mood was extremely heavy. At this moment, he suddenly had a realization: Even if one becomes a Gu Master, even if they are a rank five Gu Master, what use is it? Only by becoming a Gu Immortal could they have some sort of control over their own fate in this world.


 "I want to follow them to take a look." Mo Li suddenly said with a resolute expression.


 "Leader, are you crazy?" The surrounding Gu Masters quickly persuaded.


 Mo Li’s attitude was firm: "I am incompetent! I cannot avenge my wife and child, but I will stake all my strength to see the death of the culprit with my own two eyes! If I can’t even grasp this chance, even if I live on, I will feel regret for the rest of my life!"


 These words resonated with the remaining Gu Masters, they agreed and expressed that they wanted to move alongside Mo Li to see justice being upheld.


 "Uncle, I also want to follow you." Peng Da said.


 "You should stay behind, kid." Mo Li’s expression softened somewhat as he looked at Peng Da.


 Peng Da smiled bitterly: "Uncle, you have saved me time and time again, you are my closest person in this world. Since I followed you, I will definitely not separate with you at this crucial moment. Let me continue to follow you, uncle!"


 Mo Li looked deeply at Peng Da for a good while before nodding and saying with a hoarse voice: "Then follow me, rascal."


 The group of Gu Masters followed the direction the Gu Immortals flew towards and left the ruins of Sand Wolf City.


 On the way, the footprints of the giant beast was exceptionally obvious, which kept them on the correct path.


 They rushed like this for a day and a night when they suddenly heard thunder in the horizon.


 "This is not thunder, it is the fight between the Gu Immortals and the giant beast!"


 "Listen closely, you can vaguely hear a beast’s howl."


 The Gu Masters were excited as they sped up, wanting to get closer.


 But at this time, a dark qi current sprayed out like a rainbow crossing the sky.


 A thread of the qi current fell near the Gu Masters. A trace of the dark qi brushed past a Gu Master’s shoulder.


 That Gu Master suddenly cried out in terror, his skin and muscles started rotting and he soon melted into a white skeleton!


 Everyone was horrified at this shocking change and quickly escaped in all directions.


 Fortunately, the dark qi dispersed with the wind and did not linger.


 "It is too dangerous to go closer!"


 "This is only the aftereffect of the fight between the Gu Immortals and the giant beast, we have no strength to resist it."


 "If we move in any closer, we will lose our lives."


 Most of the Gu Masters stopped and turned back.


 "I still want to try it. You can leave." Mo Li was the only remaining Gu Master.


 Peng Da still wanted to follow him, but this time, Mo Li’s attitude was firm, he drove him away.


 Alone, Mo Li moved some distance with difficulty, when he climbed up a sand dune and looked, he could not help taking in a sharp breath at what he saw.


 Far away in the horizon, dark fog covered everywhere.


 The fog was clearly the dark qi current from earlier. In the dark fog, Mo Li could vaguely see a figure of a mountain-sized beast as well as the occasional lightning flashes.


 Mo Li breathed in deeply and was about to continue moving forward when he was suddenly hugged from behind.


 "Uncle, do you want to die? Don’t go any forward, you will lose your life!" Peng Da shouted.


 "Brat, why haven’t you left yet?" Mo Li was furious.


 Peng Da said with sincerity: "Uncle, you are my benefactor, how can I forget your kindness and watch you send yourself to death’s door? I know you want to die, your condition is not right, I have been following you all the way but you were unable to discover me! Uncle, live on, don’t kill yourself!"


 But Mo Li was not persuaded: "Brat, get lost!"


 "I won’t!"


 "Screw off——! This has nothing to do with you. You are still young and have a long life ahead of you, don’t come here to die."


 "Uncle, I will save you!"


 "I don’t need you to save me, even if I die, I will stake my life to take revenge. Even if it is an insignificant attack, as long as it lands on that damned beast, I will be satisfied!!"


 Boom——!


 Just as the two were bickering, a hurricane flew over from the battle on the horizon.


 The hurricane was like a pillar that connected heaven and earth, it moved quickly towards the two.


 "Damn it!" Peng Da and Mo Li simply did not have the time to dodge and were swept away by the hurricane.


 The two insignificant figures disappeared into the violent hurricane in an instant.



***
Chapter 2016 Dazzling Smile


***





 



 Western Desert.


 Dark clouds covered the sky and thunder rumbled as the fierce fight of the Mo clan Gu Immortals with the mysterious giant beast continued.


 "Die, beast!"


 "I will tear out your bones and tendons as resources to compensate for the losses my Mo clan suffered."


 The two Mo clan Gu Immortals were furious, the giant beast brought disaster to Mo clan, causing heavy losses. The areas these two were responsible for suffered even more severe damage.


 "You want to kill me?" During the battle, the mysterious giant beast suddenly spoke human words.


 Mo clan’s two immortals were shocked and their hearts jumped wildly.


 At the same moment, the giant beast opened its mouth and shot out its long purple-red tongue.


 The long tongue moved with astonishing speed and pierced through a Mo clan Gu Immortal’s body. Almost instantaneously, this Mo clan Gu Immortal was corroded by the strong poison and turned into nothingness.


 Only the immortal aperture turned into an indistinct light speck and fell to the ground.


 "You are a legendary immemorial beast!?" The remaining Mo clan Gu Immortal was horrified and retreated in panic.


 But it was already late.


 The mysterious giant beast was Qing Chou. It laughed coldly as ghost qi started surging around it. The dense layers of ghost qi turned into ghostly figures which blocked the Mo clan Gu Immortal.


 Qing Chou closed in slowly: "Didn’t you want to kill me and pull out my bones and tendons?"


 Mo clan’s Gu Immortal shouted in fear: "Spare me, I belong to Mo clan. Spare me and Mo clan won’t pursue you any further."


 "Pursue me?" Hearing this, a trace of anger flashed past Qing Chou’s face: "You two idiots do not even know you are being used by others. Go and die!"


 "Ahhh—!" The Mo clan Gu Immortal let out a painful shriek as ghostly figures pounced on and killed them.


 After killing these two Gu Immortals, Qing Chou looked towards the desert.


 Sand flew wildly on the ground, turning into a giant monster, it was an immemorial sand monster. This was the assistance brought by the Mo clan Gu Immortals, they were able to restrain Qing Chou by using it.


 But the Mo clan Gu Immortals had not expected Qing Chou to be a legendary immemorial desolate beast with wisdom that surpassed ordinary humans. Qing Chou took advantage of this point, pretending to be an ordinary immemorial desolate beast, which made the Mo clan immortals complacent and relax their guard. Then with Qing Chou’s fierce counterattack, the immortals died.


 With the death of the Mo clan immortals, this immemorial sand monster was no longer controlled; its movement began to slow down and it stood on the ground while looking at Qing Chou.


 Qing Chou stared at the immemorial sand monster: "Get lost!"


 The immemorial sand monster shook with fear and immediately turned around, plunging into the desert and escaping.


 Qing Chou scared away the monster but the surrounding ghost qi intensified further, it looked at a certain area in the sky and sneered: "Two despicable worms, are you still not coming out?"


 The moment its words came out, Heavenly Court’s two immortals, Nine Spiritual Fairy and Red Heart Traveler, slowly showed themselves. They were floating in the sky side by side and were looking down at Qing Chou.


 Previously, when Red Heart Traveler was searching for the Blood Sea true inheritance, he was obstructed by Demon Immortal Qi Jue. After realizing Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s goal, Red Heart Traveler resolutely gave up on the Blood Sea true inheritance and continued to chase Qing Chou with Nine Spiritual Fairy.


 After all, Qing Chou’s matter concerned Heavenly Court’s plan. And, even if he got the Blood Sea true inheritance, it would only raise Red Heart Traveler’s strength. The more important thing was clear with one glance.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy and Red Heart Traveler possessed Heavenly Court’s secret method, so they continued to trace and soon discovered Qing Chou.


 But the two did not dare to make a move rashly.


 This was Western Desert, enemies were all around them, and it was not the territory of these two immortals. If they rashly started a fight, with the other being a legendary immemorial desolate beast, once the fight entered a stalemate, Western Desert’s native Gu Immortals would interfere and the situation would become too unstable.


 After some discussion, Nine Spiritual Fairy transformed into an immemorial desolate beast and destroyed the surrounding resource points, attracting some Mo clan Gu Immortals.


 The two Mo clan immortals brought an immemorial sand monster but they were not even able to make Qing Chou expend its energy, instead, Qing Chou discovered traces of the two Heavenly Court immortals.


 With their plan failing and Qing Chou exposing their position, the two Heavenly Court immortals showed themselves and attacked.


 Boom boom boom!


 The two immortals were both rank eight and were extraordinary indeed. Their moves were violent and their attacks were like unceasing waves.


 Qing Chou immediately fell into a disadvantage.


 But Qing Chou was an immemorial desolate beast, its body was extremely tough and thick, there was no injury even after getting hit by several rank eight killer moves.


 After dozens of exchanges, it became familiar with the techniques of the Heavenly Court immortals and began to slowly turn around the situation.


 However, this did not last long, a qi tide began to appear.


 It was because the immortal apertures of the dead Mo clan immortals had opened the entrance and started to absorb heaven and earth qi to stabilize themselves.


 There was a difference in the heaven and earth qi in these two immortal apertures and the outside world, and along with the accumulated impact from the fights between the Gu Immortals and Qing Chou, a giant qi tide was formed.


 Qing Chou suffered heavy restriction in the qi tide, its strength fell sharply. On the contrary, the two Heavenly Court immortals had offered their immortal apertures and only had phantom apertures, thus they were not affected too much in the qi tide.


 Qing Chou roared and struggled but it was all in vain.


 It then realized that the two Heavenly Court immortals still had another layer of planning. They did not just use the two Western Desert immortals, they even calculated their immortal apertures in their plan!


 Just as Qing Chou was fighting bitterly, Peng Da shook his head and opened his eyes.


 "Where am I?" After a moment of daze, he discovered he was being carried by Mo Li and they were moving on a huge sand dune.


 "Uncle, you saved me again." Peng Da sighed.


 "You are awake." Mo Li smiled.


 "Uncle, you can put me down."


 But Mo Li shook his head: "Your injuries are severe, although I healed you, you should not move within a short period of time."


 Peng Da smiled bitterly: "I have troubled uncle again. Where is this?"


 Mo Li replied: "Sigh, we were swept away for over ten thousand li by the hurricane, we are now going back."


 Mo Li had lived many years in the desert, he naturally had a method to distinguish the directions.


 Peng Da was immediately worried after hearing Mo Li’s words: "Uncle, you still want to return? You want to go back and die?!"


 Mo Li was silent for a while, his voice was low and deep, containing resolution: "I also know returning is risky, but if I don’t even see the appearance of the killer of my wife and son, I will never be able to rest easy!"


 "Uncle..." Peng Da did not know what to say. He understood the sadness and hatred Mo Li was feeling right now, and it was because of this, he was unable to persuade him further.


 Mo Li continued: "Brat, I am thankful for your concern. After we travel a bit further, I will drop you off with enough water and food. It won’t be an issue for you to cross the desert and get to the nearest city."


 "Uncle, I won’t leave, I can’t leave you alone."


 "Don’t make a scene!"


 "I am not making a scene, you are the one who is irrational!"


 Just as the two were quarreling, the sand below Mo Li began to move and formed a huge whirlpool that sucked both of them inside.


 Mo Li quickly used his Gu worms but it was of no use.


 He was pale with shock: "What is going on? My Gu worms actually have no effect!"


 Peng Da also tried with no result, his face was extremely pale: "Is this quicksand? We are going to be sucked in!"


 This quicksand was too strange, their methods were useless on it.


 The two were getting closer and closer to the center of the quicksand, their bodies were slowly buried under the sand and their faces were ashen.


 "Am I going to die?" Peng Da mumbled.


 Mo Li heaved a deep sigh: "I implicated you, Peng Da."


 "I, I don’t blame you uncle. It was all my choice." Peng Da felt his heart beating wildly and his throat parched, he did not know what to express.


 The feeling before impending death was really the worst!


 But soon, Peng Da’s attention was caught by another thing.


 He found that uncle Mo Li who usually had great mental fortitude was actually crying.


 Mo Li sobbed: "I am going to die but my revenge has yet to be done! I did not even see the killer’s true appearance. I am too weak, too weak! I don’t even have the qualifications to approach the enemy. The gap between immortals and mortals is too big, I am only a mortal, I am like an ant!"


 Peng Da opened his mouth to console Mo Li, but he did not know what to say.


 At the next moment, the hot sand poured into his mouth as Peng Da quickly closed it. His whole body was buried and his sight was filled with darkness.


 "Am I going to die?"


 "I am dying like this?!"


 "Hehehehe, I am truly pitiful, to think that my journey in this new world is going to end like this."


 "I really don’t want to die, I really don’t want to die!"


 Suddenly, in his dark vision, there were specks of starlight.


 "Huh? I didn’t die?" Peng Da sat up and looked at the scene in front of him in disbelief.


 He was now at the bottom of a dry well, the quicksand whirlpool continued to rotate in the entrance of the well, but the strange thing was that the sand did not fall down.


 There was a mysterious force here that stopped the quicksand whirlpool and only allowed Peng Da and Mo Li to enter it.


 "Uncle, uncle?" Peng Da immediately saw Mo Li and shouted twice before he got a reaction.


 "Kid, you are awake? This is an immortal opportunity, we have struck gold!" Mo Li turned around, saying with excitement and shock: "This is very likely an inheritance left by a Gu Immortal."


 "Uncle, you are certain?" Peng Da’s eyes opened in incredulity, this was too dreamlike, the ups and downs of life came too suddenly.


 He was not a greenhorn who had just transmigrated, the current Peng Da had traveled with Mo Li’s caravan many times and knew about the Gu world. Gu Immortals and Gu Immortal inheritances were always a topic of discussion among Gu Masters in their idle time, he did not expect the unreachable thing to appear in front of him now.


 "Damn it, damn it!"


 "Why is there no reaction?"


 Mo Li attempted many things and was getting restless but the starlight showed no reaction.


 "Uncle, this might not be a Gu Immortal inheritance, right? I feel like you are thinking too much." At this time, Peng Da finally stood up and walked towards Mo Li.


 Mo Li did not retort, he also began to doubt his previous judgment.


 But right at this time, the starlight suddenly made a movement. Like tidal waves, they passed by Mo Li and entered Peng Da’s body.


 The two were shocked.


 This happened so fast that when they reacted the starlight had already entered Peng Da’s body.


 Without the starlight, the well fell into darkness.


 Mo Li activated his Gu worm, creating a lump of fire in his hand that brightened the well once again.


 Peng Da was standing on the spot in daze like a statue with his eye eyes wide open.


 Mo Li quickly neared him: "Peng Da, Peng Da! Are you alright?"


 Only then did Peng Da react: "Un... uncle, you were correct, this is truly a Gu Immortal inheritance and it is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance!"


 "What, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable?!" Mo Li was shaken, they had a lot of understanding regarding venerable existences as well. Due to the current time and situation, the Gu Immortal world’s knowledge was no longer secret among mortals.


 Mo Li’s gaze turned slightly complicated: "This means to say, Peng Da, you are an otherworldly demon? No wonder the inheritance did not respond to me."


 Peng Da felt ashamed: "Uncle, I didn’t intentionally conceal it from you. It was just that..."


 "Alright." Mo Li waved his hand: "So what if you are an otherworldly demon? You are still Peng Da, the person I know, isn’t that so?"


 Peng Da was extremely moved and nodded his head quickly: "Yes! Thank you for understanding, uncle."


 Mo Li shook his hand: "Alright, alright, you really struck it big this time. Since you inherited the Demon Venerable’s inheritance, then use the method to leave here quickly. Ordinary methods are useless here."


 Peng Da felt ashamed: "The situation is like this, uncle, although I have many Gu worms, I cannot use them. This is the first time I am seeing these Gu worms and need a lot of practice. Moreover, according to the inheritance, I must use one of the killer moves to leave here."


 "Then practise it quickly, ask anything you don’t understand, uncle will guide you!"


 "Yes, thank you uncle."


 "Is there still a need for thanks between us?" Mo Li smiled: "Practise quickly, we don’t have much water and food."


 As the inheritor, it did not matter if Peng Da ate or drank in the well, but Mo Li could not share the same benefit.


 Over the next few days, Peng Da practised without resting. He was only a mortal so the Gu worms he practised with were all mortal Gu.


 This was the first time he was coming in contact with these Gu worms, although there were detailed explanations in the inheritance, he still needed to practise and master these Gu worms.


 Mo Li helped Peng Da to study and learn, once they had some progress, Peng Da would hand the Gu worms to Mo Li for demonstration and guidance.


 Mo Li was an experienced Gu Master, although he did not have the qualifications to inherit the Thieving Heaven true inheritance, he had much more efficient ways to probe these Gu worms.


 Finally, Peng Da was barely able to master the usage of several Gu worms and found a way to use a killer move.


 "Go on Peng Da, try to succeed in one attempt!" Mo Li encouraged Peng Da.


 "Watch this, uncle." Peng Da used the killer move for the first time but it did not succeed.


 The killer move activation failed and he suffered backlash, he coughed blood and fell on the ground.


 "Peng Da, are you okay?" Mo Li quickly inspected Peng Da’s body.


 Peng Da squeezed words out through his mouth: "I have disappointed you, uncle. But rest assured, I will definitely... ah!"


 Suddenly, his eyes opened wide.


 He then looked at his chest with an incredulous expression.


 His chest was pierced through by Mo Li’s hand, his heart was destroyed because of this sneak attack!


 "Un... uncle..." Even more blood started flowing out of Peng Da’s mouth.


 Mo Li raised his head slowly, his eyes were filled with tears and his expression was extremely twisted, unfamiliarity and fear filled Peng Da’s mind.


 Mo Li’s voice was extremely hoarse: "I want revenge, I want revenge! But the true inheritance chose you, uncle had no other options, Peng Da! You are too young, you practised for so long but you could not even master a killer move. Uncle cannot wait any longer, uncle cannot depend on you."


 Mo Li then took out his hand.


 Peng Da powerlessly fell onto the ground, his eyes helplessly looking at the entrance of the well.


 He was dead.


 But Mo Li did not stop, he activated his Gu worms and captured Peng Da’s soul.


 "Alright, the Thieving Heaven true inheritance is mine now." Mo Li laughed. Peng Da’s blood was splattered on his face, his bloodstained face had a dazzling smile.



***
Chapter 2017 Bai Ning Bing Versus Hei Lou Lan


***





 



 Central Continent, on a certain nameless and ordinary peak.


 Four Gu Immortals arrived at the base of the mountain while concealing themselves.


 "Hei Lou Lan is on this mountain." Ying Wu Xie looked at the peak and spoke.


 At his sides were Fairy Zi Wei, Old Man Zheng Yuan, and Bai Ning Bing.


 After Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan forced Bai Ning Bing to surrender, they obtained Ying Wu Xie’s whereabouts. Ying Wu Xie was a split soul of Spectral Soul and his mission had always been to rescue his main body.


 But due to his strength and Fang Yuan’s arrangements, Ying Wu Xie could not enter Heavenly Court. After the fate war, fate Gu was destroyed and Fang Yuan escaped, while Ying Wu Xie wandered around Central Continent, resenting Fang Yuan for not saving Spectral Soul’s main body.


 After Fairy Zi Wei provided enough evidence, Ying Wu Xie learned his main body was no longer in Heavenly Court and had gotten free by himself.


 Ying Wu Xie was exulted, he directly abandoned Fang Yuan and joined Fairy Zi Wei’s group.


 Through Ying Wu Xie, Fairy Zi Wei’s group learned that he had just recently separated from Hei Lou Lan. Thus, the four immortals quietly arrived at this place.


 Ying Wu Xie said softly: "Hei Lou Lan is a formidable person, although her cultivation is low and her battle strength is not high because future self has lost its effect, she has great endurance and knows how to wait patiently, she is ambitious and cannot be looked down upon."


 Ying Wu Xie did not doubt his side’s strength, but what he was most worried was if Hei Lou Lan would side with them and betray Fang Yuan or not.


 In this aspect, Fairy Zi Wei was confident, she said with a smile: "I have full confidence in making Hei Lou Lan surrender. She has a complex relationship with Fang Yuan, but it is not firm. Hei Lou Lan wants to kill her own father for revenge, this is her greatest wish. Fang Yuan has captured Hei Cheng and because his strength is higher than Hei Lou Lan’s, she has always been controlled by him. We can use this to make her surrender."


 Know yourself and your enemy, and you will never be defeated.


 Back then, Fairy Zi Wei tried all sorts of methods to deduce Fang Yuan’s position, but could not do anything because Fang Yuan was slippery like an eel and his most skilled wisdom path aspect was in blocking deductions.


 Fairy Zi Wei could not do anything against Fang Yuan, but she investigated everything about Fang Yuan’s subordinates. But at that time, even if she wanted to use these indirect ways to find Fang Yuan’s location, they all ended up in failure.


 But now, Fairy Zi Wei was going against Hei Lou Lan. Those past failures had now become her source of confidence.


 Immediately, Fairy Zi Wei made arrangements: "This time, Ying Wu Xie, you stay behind. Bai Ning Bing, you will approach Hei Lou Lan. You can say you obtained news from Ying Wu Xie and came to visit. When you near her, sneak attack and seal her in ice. After you get her under control, I will persuade her."


 "How about I go with her?" Ying Wu Xie did not feel assured.


 Bai Ning Bing glanced at him and flew away.


 Ying Wu Xie quickly looked at Fairy Zi Wei, Fairy Zi Wei, however, shook her head: "We will watch it from here."


 Bai Ning Bing flew across the sky like a flash of white light, she looked down at the peak and shouted: "Hei Lou Lan, are you here?"


 After a while, Hei Lou Lan came out from a mountain cave and frowned slightly as she looked towards Bai Ning Bing: "Why are you here?"


 Bai Ning Bing laughed and pointed at Hei Lou Lan: "I have joined Spectral Soul now and have come to capture you. Hei Lou Lan, if you are smart, then just let yourself be captured."


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes opened wide: "Are you for real?"


 At the base of the mountain, Ying Wu Xie almost stomped his foot in anger: "I knew that Bai Ning Bing would spoil the matter. Her nature is eccentric and she prioritizes fun. She did this on purpose, she definitely felt this way would be more interesting!"


 Sure enough, Bai Ning Bing’s laughter was heard: "Of course I am for real!"


 Saying so, she turned into white light and charged at Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan had already been preparing and with a shout, she raised her hands and sent out a large amount of flames to counter the white light.


 Bai Ning Bing was caught off-guard and was forced back to the sky.


 But she looked even more excited: "Fire path method? You actually changed to this path? Haha, interesting, I already wanted to fight you! But how long can you block me for?"


 Immortal killer move — Bai Xiang!


 Bai Ning Bing directly activated her trump card method, her body was no longer a flesh and blood body, and was covered in overflowing frost qi that even shrouded the mountain peak.


 Hei Lou Lan entered the mountain cave and Bai Ning Bing gave chase without being afraid of any traps.


 The two fought inside the cave, causing explosions that cracked and shattered the mountain rocks.


 After several exchanges, Hei Lou Lan fell into a disadvantage and her situation did not look good.


 Hei Lou Lan’s aptitude, temperament, and natural talents were at top level, but her fortune was not good and she ran into Fang Yuan too early. Fang Yuan dominated her and used Hei Cheng to control her, which greatly influenced her cultivation.


 Hei Lou Lan’s strength qi Immortal Gu, flying bear strength Immortal Gu, and self strength Immortal Gu became Fang Yuan’s possessions. Slavery Immortal Gu was also borrowed by Fang Yuan and consumed. Divert disaster Immortal Gu was destroyed when she underwent tribulation.


 During the period of the fate war, Hei Lou Lan almost always relied on the killer move future self. Once the future self was broken, Hei Lou Lan returned to her previous self.


 Fang Yuan did not summon her back, Hei Lou Lan also held ambitions and did not want to be controlled by Fang Yuan, so she actively searched for a way to be free.


 She possessed her aunts’ true inheritances, and after enough pondering, she resolutely changed to cultivating Blazing Heaven Demoness’ fire path.


 But unfortunately, before she had good progress, she was discovered by Fairy Zi Wei and was now chased by Bai Ning Bing.


 Hei Lou Lan felt bitter inside, she wanted to retreat but was chased closely by Bai Ning Bing.


 When she slowly lost the strength to attack and was about to be captured by Bai Ning Bing, a white light flew over from the horizon.


 This white light appeared slow but was extremely fast, Bai Ning Bing’s Bai Xiang form actually could not dodge it and was struck.


 In an instant, Bai Xiang froze in the air, no longer moving.


 "Hei Lou Lan has reinforcements?!" Ying Wu Xie was shocked.


 "Not reinforcements, this should be Longevity Heaven’s members." Fairy Zi Wei said with a smile.


 Ying Wu Xie realized, Fairy Zi Wei had already taken Bai Ning Bing’s nature into her calculations, her main goal had been to use Bai Ning Bing to trigger Longevity Heaven’s ambush. The reason she did not send Ying Wu Xie was in fact because she wanted to protect him, Ying Wu Xie was Spectral Soul’s clone after all, he was truly one of them. And Bai Ning Bing, who possessed Bai Xiang, was the perfect candidate to probe the ambush!


 "This is a time path killer move, is it Fang Yuan?" Hei Lou Lan had a complex expression as she looked towards the horizon through the gaps in the cave.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar appeared in the horizons, and in almost an instant, arrived at the center of the battlefield.


 Calamity Luck Altar sent out a strong light that shone on the unmoving Bai Ning Bing.


 Although the killer move Bai Xiang was amazing, Calamity Luck Altar was a rank eight Immortal Gu House that was personally created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. If Bai Ning Bing was struck head-on, her death was certain.


 Fairy Zi Wei quickly made a move, sending out a purple aurora to cover Bai Ning Bing while blocking Calamity Luck Altar’s powerful light.


 "I was wondering who it was, so it turns out to be the leader of the defeated Heavenly Court!" Bing Sai Chuan’s voice came from Calamity Luck Altar.


 Fairy Zi Wei shook her head slightly and flew to the sky with Old Man Zheng Yuan: "We have already joined Lord Spectral Soul, we are no longer in Heavenly Court’s faction."


 Bing Sai Chuan sneered: "Like I care about which side you are on! Hei Lou Lan is my Longevity Heaven’s descendant, she is a member of Northern Plains. Don’t even dream of harming her!"


 Fairy Zi Wei retorted: "The five regions have merged, all the regional walls have disappeared, what do you mean by Northern Plains? We will need to fight to decide where Hei Lou Lan goes."


 Bing Sai Chuan did not speak any nonsense, he directly controlled Calamity Luck Altar to collide into Fairy Zi Wei.


 A huge battle erupted!


 Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing were put under control, unable to budge.


 Hei Lou Lan’s face was ashen, she was fully aware that be it Heavenly Court or Longevity Heaven, they were trying to use her to search for clues about Fang Yuan!


 This was the result of having low cultivation level, she had become an object for the two sides to fight over. No one asked her if she was willing or not.


 This battle did not last long, both sides were holding back.


 It was Fairy Zi Wei who took the initiative to stop: "No need to fight anymore, there is no harm in giving Hei Lou Lan to you."


 Bing Sai Chuan had Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar while Fairy Zi Wei was without Star Constellation Chessboard and was in a weakened state. The reason she attacked was because she wanted to trigger a qi tide and use it to claim victory.


 But Bing Sai Chuan clearly knew of Fairy Zi Wei’s plan and made Calamity Luck Altar use all its might. Fairy Zi Wei saw the battle turning increasingly fierce and knew her side would have to use their full strength if they wanted to hold on until the qi tide arrived, so she directly chose to stop.


 "We have a common objective, it doesn’t matter where Hei Lou Lan ends up in. Fang Yuan is at his weakest state currently, if we miss this rare chance and let him recover, it will be too late. We can even work together, what do you think, Bing Sai Chuan?" Fairy Zi Wei made a proposal.


 Then, she showed evidence to prove her current faction.


 "Who could have thought that there would be a day when we cooperate!" Bing Sai Chuan was silent for a while before sighing.


 Both sides had their own venerable as their backer and they both wanted to kill Fang Yuan, they had the qualifications to cooperate as well as a common goal, so working together was indeed a wise choice.



***
Chapter 2018 Impending Fatal Calamity


***





 



 Central Continent, deep beneath a certain Earth Trench.


 Calamity Luck Altar was floating in the air, there were tall cliffs on both sides, while below it was unfathomable darkness.


 It was emitting soft light and did not conceal its aura, scaring away any beast that tried to approach it.


 At the middle of the cliff was a giant cave that was dug by Fairy Zi Wei and the rest.


 Purple light flickered in the cave and a wisdom path formation was already set up, Fairy Zi Wei sat at the center and Old Man Zheng Yuan sat at the assistant’s position, on one hand, he was using human path methods to cooperate with Fairy Zi Wei, on the other hand, he was using a portion of the immortal formation to guard against Bing Sai Chuan.


 After all, it was the first time these two sides were collaborating, they had to err on the side of caution.


 There were several formation cores at the edges of the formation as well. Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Ying Wu Xie were sitting in these formation cores as the crucial clues.


 Purple light swayed, rising and falling at times like tides.


 After a long while, Fairy Zi Wei opened her eyes slowly and stopped this wisdom path immortal formation, the overflowing purple light dissipated slowly.


 "How is it?" Bing Sai Chuan’s question came from Calamity Luck Altar.


 Fairy Zi Wei sighed and shook her head: "It is still not enough. But this method is absolutely effective. These three have set alliance agreements with Fang Yuan, their connections are extremely tight. As long as we capture even more Gu Immortals, we can deduce Fang Yuan’s exact location."


 The large formation was dismantled and the Gu worms flew back to Fairy Zi Wei’s immortal aperture.


 Ying Wu Xie and the others stood up.


 Bai Ning Bing smiled: "This is not difficult. During the fate war, Fang Yuan had dispatched not only us but also a large number of transformation path Gu Immortals."


 Hei Lou Lan added: "From what I know, these transformation path Gu Immortals were incorporated after Fang Yuan annexed an immemorial grotto-heaven. After the fate war, Fang Yuan disappeared without leaving behind any traces, these people should still be scattered around Central Continent."


 Ying Wu Xie shook his head: "But these transformation path Gu Immortals don’t have a close connection with Fang Yuan, it is better if we look for Lady White Rabbit and Fairy Miao Yin, these two are crucial characters that are only second to us."


 Fairy Zi Wei had stored all the Gu worms by now, she did not have formation flag Gu or similar methods, it was rather time-consuming every time she dismantled the formation.


 She looked towards Calamity Luck Altar which had been guarding from the side: "It is better if we split our forces to search for White Rabbit and Miao Yin. If we encounter Fang Yuan’s transformation path Gu Immortal subordinates along the way, we can make the decision to make a move at our own discretion."


 Shortly after, Bing Sai Chuan’s response came from Calamity Luck Altar: "Of course. For our following plans, we will need more communication between us."


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: "Indeed."


 Although the scale of this cooperation was small and duration was short, it had huge significance and both sides had begun to trust each other.


 Calamity Luck Altar picked up Hei Lou Lan while Bai Ning Bing and Ying Wu Xie stayed with Fairy Zi Wei, both sides separated and departed on their own.


 Immemorial two heavens.


 Crescent Moon grotto-heaven.


 "Fairy Crescent Moon, you won’t surrender even if the alternative is death?" Xiao He Jian, Lady Cold Ash and the rest were looking down from high above, looking at the dying Gu Immortal in the ruins.


 Fairy Crescent Moon had rank eight cultivation and was the owner of Crescent Moon grotto-heaven. She had the terrain advantage but she was completely outnumbered, she was only hanging on her last breath now.


 She spat and said with hatred: "You bandits, my Crescent Moon grotto-heaven has no conflicts with the outside world and has never provoked you nor had any ambitious plans. I will never surrender to you!"


 "Then die!" Lady Cold Ash was already impatient, she pointed her finger, a grey light shot out and struck Fairy Crescent Moon.


 Lady Cold Ash put her hand inside her sleeve, Fairy Crescent Moon’s soul was carried by the grey light and brought to her.


 "This is a rank eight Gu Immortal’s soul, devouring her soul will be much more effective and also much easier to absorb." Lady Cold Ash was Spectral Soul, but he was able to conceal it from the whole of Wu Shuai’s alliance.


 Xiao He Jian looked at her: "Lady Cold Ash, you battled in the front lines and slaughtered countless enemies, collecting a vast number of mortal souls and many Gu Immortal souls. Those are your battle spoils, but Lord Alliance Leader specially asked for this rank eight soul. You cannot take it."


 Spectral Soul was slightly stunned before smiling and handing this rank eight soul to Xiao He Jian: "Since our alliance leader wants it, why would I dare to take it."


 Inside her heart, however, she was snorting coldly: "I shall hand this to you for the time being, in the future, I will settle both our old and new grudges together!"


 Xiao He Jian nodded with approval and took Fairy Crescent Moon’s soul while consoling Lady Cold Ash: "Let’s go, let the others clean up here. Follow me to see the alliance leader and report the battle."


 "I can finally get close to Wu Shuai. This is a good chance!" Spectral Soul’s mood lifted upon hearing that.


 However, when the two arrived in Dragon Palace’s hall, they only saw Wu Shuai’s will sitting on the main seat.


 Wu Shuai’s will heard the report and praised: "Lady Cold Ash, you made the most contributions in this invasion of Crescent Moon grotto-heaven, well done."


 "It is our duty to work for alliance leader." Lady Cold Ash was extremely disappointed but showed a smile on her face.


 "Alright, you can leave. When we hand out the rewards based on contribution later, you will not be disappointed." Wu Shuai’s will waved his hand.


 The two left Dragon Palace, Spectral Soul, however, felt discontent inwardly: "It is really a pity that we were not able to see alliance leader."


 Xiao He Jian glanced at her, feeling some disdain towards Lady Cold Ash’s conduct in trying to flatter the alliance leader when they were not even in front of him: "How can Lord Alliance Leader be available whenever you want? He has been in closed cultivation to resolve the danger of the qi harvest fruits. We only need to follow his orders."


 "Yes."


 Xiao He Jian’s expression softened as he patted Lady Cold Ash’s shoulder: "Work well and follow me, you will be able to play a key role in the alliance one day!"


 "Then I will depend on lord’s guidance." Spectral Soul put up a performance while internally scheming on when to capture Xiao He Jian!


 "It is good that you understand." Xiao He Jian smiled and walked forward.


 He had joined the alliance because of Qi Jue’s true inheritance, as a lone force, he was suppressed by Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and others. But Xiao He Jian’s strength surpassed ordinary rank eights, he was slowly stabilizing his footing in the alliance and had won over some Gu Immortals under him.


 Lady Cold Ash’s performance had been extremely outstanding in the latest battle and she had displayed extraordinary battle strength, so despite her being a pure human, Xiao He Jian wanted to rope her in to his side.


 On the other side.


 "Granny Skeleton has arrived—!" The doorman shouted.


 Granny Skeleton entered the hall and saw Qi Sea Ancestor on the main seat, she quickly cupped her hands and bowed, getting straight to the point: "Skeleton grotto-heaven is willing to come under Qi Sea Ancestor."


 Qi Sea Ancestor nodded: "Hahaha, Granny Skeleton, you are wise. You will not regret joining my side."


 Granny Skeleton sighed and asked: "I wonder when Lord Ancestor can get rid of the qi harvest fruit’s problem?"


 "I have already made good progress in this, you can rest assured." Fang Yuan changed the topic, "Skeleton grotto-heaven is the nearest to Crescent Moon grotto-heaven. Crescent Moon grotto-heaven has now already fallen to Wu Shuai’s side, I am willing to send troops and station some Gu Immortals in Skeleton grotto-heaven, I hope you can cooperate."


 Granny Skeleton sighed, although Fang Yuan did not show the ability to resolve the danger of qi harvest fruits, due to the outside world’s condition, Granny Skeleton could only lower her head and join him.


 "With the current situation, there is really nothing else I can do. Currently, there are almost no unaffiliated grotto-heavens left in the immemorial two heavens. They have either joined Wu Shuai or have been recruited by Qi Sea Ancestor. Sigh, I wonder what the future will be like." Granny Skeleton did not obtain the answer she wanted and left worriedly.


 The pressure on Fang Yuan was also increasing.


 "A wisdom path great expert was deducing about me just now, the strength is also quite high! It seems like Fairy Zi Wei."


 Fairy Zi Wei was deducing the whereabouts of Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan naturally sensed it. This was the same as a contest of the two’s wisdom path methods across space.


 "According to my luck, this situation is not looking good. The fatal calamity is impending, danger is lurking everywhere, and there is only a trace of hope."


 Fang Yuan’s Cooking Luck Pot might only be at rank seven, but he could glance at a portion of his luck and deduce the entirety from it.


 Fang Yuan had already made positive progress regarding the qi harvest fruits. But he was still at his wits’ end on how to refine heaven path dao marks.


 He was aware that this trace of hope fell on the heaven path dao marks. Only be refining the heaven path dao marks and recovering his strength could he get free from the incoming calamity. If he could not refine them or did not refine them in time, it would be dangerous.


 "But where is this breakthrough point that I seek?"



***
Chapter 2019 Rank Eight Hatred Gu


***





 



 Western Desert.


 The intense rank eight level battle was still continuing.


 Qing Chou roared, its tongue shot out with lightning speed.


 Bam bam bam...


 The blood red figures that surrounded Qing Chou were easily pierced and destroyed by its tongue.


 Every time the blood red figures exploded, Red Heart Traveler’s face would turn a shade paler. His brows were furrowed and his teeth were clenched shut, but his fighting spirit did not diminish as he used all his strength to maintain the battlefield killer move.


 "Red Heart Traveler won’t be able to hold on for long like this." Nine Spiritual Fairy, who was fighting Qing Chou, had been paying attention to Red Heart Traveler’s condition.


 They had tied down Qing Chou with a lot of difficulty, Red Heart Traveler had used a battlefield killer move and was able to temporarily entrap this legendary immemorial desolate beast.


 However, Qing Chou had intelligence comparable to a human’s, after it discovered it was unable to break free from this battlefield killer move, it concentrated its attacks on Red Heart Traveler in order to break through.


 Once Red Heart Traveler was unable to hold on, the battlefield would dissipate and Qing Chou could walk out free. With this experience, it would definitely be extremely vigilant and it would be almost impossible to capture it again in a short period of time.


 "Fine! I can only use that move." Nine Spiritual Fairy gritted her teeth and made a huge decision.


 Immortal killer move — Nine Spiritual Transformations!


 Her body suddenly shook as she transformed back to her human form. She was a transformation path great expert and should be much stronger after transformation to another form. But right now, even though she returned to her human form, her aura was surging and she was even stronger than her previous self. Nine spiritual lights shot out one after another from her immortal aperture and formed an enormous nine-colored barrier of light, the barrier had nine layers with distinct colors.


 Qing Chou had been concentrating on Red Heart Traveler, so it felt a great shock from Nine Spiritual Fairy’s sudden outburst and quickly split some of its attacks towards her.


 But at this stage, the killer move nine spiritual transformations was already completed and had no flaws.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy gave a clear roar, the nine-colored barrier shook and the nine layers of light mixed together, becoming extremely dazzling.


 The mixed light sphere then transformed into a rhinoceros with a large head and small body, and was shining with various colors. It charged towards Qing Chou.


 Qing Chou roared and gave up on Red Heart Traveler for the moment, and without dodging, it charged towards this rhinoceros.


 With a loud explosion, the surroundings shook intensely.


 After the two enormous monsters collided, it was actually Qing Chou who had to take a small step back while the huge rhino only stopped in its spot.


 Qing Chou was shocked and furious, it had not expected this rhino to be so strong. As far as it was concerned, this multi-colored rhino was translucent and it could even see Nine Spiritual Fairy who was in the center, there was no feeling of it being a solid transformation. But the collision made Qing Chou realize: this multi-colored rhino was stronger than the previous solid transformations!


 "Qing Chou fell into a disadvantage in the collision, this is the first time since the battle started! Nine spiritual transformations is indeed worthy of being a legendary transformation path killer move." Red Heart Traveler was happy and worried at this sight. The price of using nine spiritual transformations was very high, after a Gu Immortal cultivates the killer move nine spiritual transformations, they can only use it nine times in their life.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy had chosen to expend one usage of such a valuable killer move on Qing Chou, it showed her determined will!


 Qing Chou roared, its bestial nature was agitated, it charged at Nine Spiritual Fairy again.


 But the multi-colored light sphere that Nine Spiritual Fairy was in changed suddenly, from a large rhino to a southern fire sparrow.


 The fire sparrow spread its wings and flew to the sky.


 Qing Chou charged at empty space, without even looking up, it activated its defensive methods.


 Sure enough, at the next moment, Qing Chou heard the sharp cry of the fire sparrow, then the sparrow collided onto its back. Whoosh, blazing flames engulfed it.


 Qing Chou’s hurriedly activated defensive methods only lasted for a few breaths of time before they broke.


 Qing Chou counterattacked fiercely, beast roars and bird cries mixed together, the two sides were at a deadlock.


 Red Heart Traveler finally had a brief respite and quickly used the time to adjust his condition. While regulating his breath and observing the battle, he started to feel worried.


 "Qing Chou is too sturdy, although it is being suppressed and the battle tempo is firmly held by Nine Spiritual Fairy, it has sufficient stamina."


 "On the contrary, Nine Spiritual Fairy might hold the upper hand and have control over the battle, but she cannot last for long. If there is no external help and this goes on, she will definitely run out of stamina and die."


 Red Heart Traveler decided to take a risk.


 He accumulated his strength while waiting patiently. After waiting for two hours, he finally saw a chance.


 The chance was momentary, Red Heart Traveler immediately made his move!


 He spat out a mouthful of blood. The fragrant blood flew to the air and started rotating. Like a miniature blood sun, it emitted endless blood red light, rushing to Qing Chou.


 Although Qing Chou was in a fierce battle with Nine Spiritual Fairy, it had never let go of its vigilance against Red Heart Traveler.


 However, when it used its killer move to block this tiny blood sphere, it was of no use. The blood sphere seemed to be illusory, it passed through the obstruction and struck Qing Chou’s chest, turning into a red sun insignia.


 Qing Chou’s expression changed immediately, it could feel that its every movement was being tied down by the red sun insignia.


 This was an extremely powerful seal, it quickly showed its might, it slowed down movement, interfered with killer moves, and lowered fighting spirit.


 "Damn it, damn it!!!" Qing Chou roared and started attacking wildly.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy used all her strength to hold Qing Chou back, but was being beaten back little by little.


 With a loud explosion, Qing Chou finally broke through Red Heart Traveler’s battlefield killer move.


 However, Red Heart Traveler had a smile of victory on his face.


 Qing Chou’s whole body was bound by blood threads, the source of the countless blood threads was the blood sun insignia at the center of its chest.


 "Success. Cough cough cough!" Red Heart Traveler coughed out large mouthfuls of blood, his face pale like paper.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy quickly suppressed the increasingly slower Qing Chou while transmitting her voice: "Red Heart, do you need my help?"


 Red Heart Traveler shook his head slowly and used a killer move with difficulty, healing his wounds while enduring the intense pain.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy spent much effort before finally suppressing Qing Chou.


 Looking at Qing Chou, who was bound by the blood threads like a mummy, Nine Spiritual Fairy praised: "What method is this, it could actually capture Qing Chou!"


 Red Heart Traveler was barely able to reply: "This is a temporary move I created, I have not named it yet."


 Nine Spiritual Fairy looked towards Red Heart, slightly widening her eyes: "I am truly amazed!"


 Red Heart Traveler shook his head, smiling bitterly: "Don’t overestimate me. I detected that Qing Chou’s vital Gu was rank eight hatred Gu, so I made this move. If it were other legendary immemorial beasts, this move would be a joke. I could have the chance to use this move because you did not hesitate to activate nine spiritual transformations."


 Nine Spiritual Fairy also shook her head: "Capturing Qing Chou concerns the plan of capturing Fang Yuan, this is an important matter for Heavenly Court and for the people of the world, how could I refuse to pay such a small price. But is this hatred Gu the one recorded in \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e?"


 "Yes." Red Heart Traveler nodded.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy sighed: "This explains why Qing Chou can distinguish its enemies. Unfortunately, it did not have a killer move to make full use of it. Now that we have captured it, we can take out the hatred Gu and use Heavenly Court’s killer move to find the location of Fang Yuan, Spectral Soul, and other demons!"


 Red Heart Traveler restrained his aura: "Let’s go, we cannot stay here for long."


 They had engaged in a fierce battle for a long while, although the battlefield killer move saved a lot of time and also concealed most of the traces of battle, there were bound to be Gu Immortals who would come to check this place.


 Not to mention other forces, Mo clan’s assembled troops might already be rushing on their way.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy and Red Heart Traveler had battled for a long while, their conditions were not perfect. They detained Qing Chou and moved towards Central Continent.


 Sure enough, just a short while after they left, several Gu Immortals of Mo clan arrived with surging momentum in an Immortal Gu House.


 "There was a fierce battle here!"


 "Although there are few traces, it can be seen that it was a rank eight level fight."


 "No wonder my clan’s Gu Immortals perished so quickly."


 "Give chase, we have an Immortal Gu House with us, they won’t be able to run far!"


 Mo clan’s group followed the traces and chased the two Heavenly Court immortals.


 Several days went by again.


 A sandstorm blew and a Gu Master was struggling to move in the desert.


 He reached the center of the battlefield and saw the deep craters that were mostly buried by the sandstorm. He raised his head and roared.


 This person was Mo Li, who killed Peng Da and seized Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance!


 He went through all kinds of troubles to get here as soon as possible, thinking of seeing the true appearance of the culprit that killed his wife and son, but he was too late.


 "I am going to find you and cut you to pieces!"


 "No matter who you are or what monster you are, I will kill you!!"


 Mo Li knelt on the desert and roared towards the sky.


 Peng Da’s soul was floating beside him. Peng Da gave a cold laugh: "Hehehe, you, a mere mortal, wants to take revenge against an immortal beast?"


 "So what if it is an immortal beast?" Mo Li’s eyes were red as he stared at Peng Da’s soul, his expression was malevolent: "I have Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, I have Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance! I can definitely become a Gu Immortal and succeed in taking revenge!"


 Peng Da laughed again: "There is another possibility as well, this immortal beast was already killed by the Gu Immortals. You have no target to take revenge against already."


 Mo Li was stunned and was silent like a statue.


 After a long while, he suddenly moved his hand and grabbed the throat of Peng Da’s soul, he seemed to be in a state of insanity: "No! It won’t die, I won’t allow it to die! It must die by my hands!!"


 Mo Li continued to shout: "I will become a Gu Immortal, I have Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, I can definitely take revenge! I can definitely take revenge! Tell me, tell me how to use the next Gu worm!"


 While grabbing Peng Da’s soul, Mo Li activated his Gu worms, wisps of white smoke and sizzling sounds came from the area where Mo Li’s hand touched Peng Da.


 Peng Da’s soul immediately let out a sharp screech from the unbearable pain: "I will speak, I will speak, this is called electric circuit Gu."


 "Electric circuit Gu? What is this thing?"


 Peng Da’s soul hesitated for a bit: "How can I explain this? You are not an otherworldly demon, you won’t be able to understand what an electric circuit is. Simply speaking, it is the path that electric currents move along."


 Mo Li sneered: "What is so hard to understand about it? It is not like I have not read \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e! \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e has recorded that lightning Gu chose to cooperate with Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance to find a way out, they eventually managed to leave immemorial blue heaven. This should be the true meaning behind electric circuit[1]!"


 Peng Da’s soul was stunned.


 Mo Li kept on praising: "Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable is truly worthy of being a venerable. He actually has such creative thoughts, he must have obtained the inspiration from \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e, thus creating electric circuit Gu!"


 Peng Da’s soul: "..."


 [1] It can be read as ’Lightning Path/Road’ which is how these Gu world people interpret the Gu.



***
Chapter 2020 Rank Nine Lightning Gu


***





 



 Forest Lightning grotto-heaven.

 “Forest Lightning Grotto Lord, you betrayed the two heavens alliance and actually colluded with Qi Sea Ancestor, this is an unforgivable sin and you will be executed for it.” Xiao He Jian looked down from above.

 Behind him were a large number of Gu Immortals from the two heavens alliance. They were all standing silently and expressionlessly, showing the numerical superiority.

 On the contrary, Forest Lightning Grotto Lord was facing the enemies alone, his strength paled in comparison.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord gave a bitter smile: “Since you found out, I don’t have anything to say. But do you think I am willing to collude with the enemy? The alliance wants to experiment on the qi harvest fruit in my Forest Lightning grotto-heaven. None of the alliance’s previous attempts have succeeded and all the grotto-heavens they have tested on have detonated. I sided with the two heavens alliance for self-protection. But now, you want to sacrifice my home? Since that is the case, it is better to surrender to the enemy, I might even have some new hope.”

 Xiao He Jian frowned, snorting coldly: “You have no confidence in our two heavens alliance and Lord Alliance Leader Wu Shuai. Perhaps this time will succeed.”

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord chuckled: “If alliance leader Wu Shuai had a fair disposition, I would have nothing to say. But he is clearly protecting variant humans while sacrificing humans. The grotto-heavens the alliance has experimented on are all human grotto-heavens. Wu Shuai is a dragonman after all, I have seen through this alliance’s farce! Human Gu Immortals present here, watch carefully, this will be your outcome in the future. After me, it will be your turn.”

 Hearing this, the human Gu Immortals clearly had a slight change in expressions. Forest Lightning Grotto Lord had no doubt spoken of what they were worried about.

 Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor were the same person, they naturally had a tacit agreement. They looked to be confronting each other on the surface, but were secretly dividing the two heavens’ forces. By now, there were no neutral grotto-heavens in the two heavens. The grotto-heavens in the two heavens were either destroyed or had joined Wu Shuai or Qi Sea Ancestor.

 After the two sides divided the two heavens, they ceased fighting and began to find a way to solve the qi harvest fruit problem.

 Compared to Qi Sea Ancestor who was researching in closed cultivation, Wu Shuai’s qi path attainment was clearly much weaker. So, Wu Shuai’s two heavens alliance had no choice but to experiment and be very rough with their actions to pursue efficiency. The experiments to eliminate the qi harvest fruits had failed many times and destroyed many grotto-heavens as a result.

 When it was Forest Lightning grotto-heaven’s turn, Forest Lightning Grotto Lord was not willing to bet his home, so for self-protection and survival, he secretly contacted Qi Sea Ancestor.

 He was truly an unfortunate guy, Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai were in essence the same person.

 Qi Sea Ancestor was Fang Yuan’s main body and he informed Wu Shuai directly.

 Wu Shuai thus sent the command to Xiao He Jian to gather some Gu Immortals to punish the traitor.

 Looking at Forest Lightning Grotto Lord, Xiao He Jian sneered silently and said with impatience: “Who is going to get this criminal?”

 Lady Cold Ash stepped forward like she wanted to be the vanguard: “Let me.”

 Xiao He Jian nodded: “Good.”

 Lady Cold Ash directly charged towards Forest Lightning Grotto Lord, Xiao He Jian was inwardly happy and thought: “Cold Ash is perceptive and has a lot of capability. My efforts to win her over were not a waste.”

 Lady Cold Ash fought with Forest Lightning Grotto Lord, both were at rank eight and went at each other, neither yielding a step.

 The other Gu Immortals of the two heavens alliance were watching the battle from atop the clouds. In a fight between Gu Immortals, for a group attack to work, they would have paid attention to cooperation. Different paths would cause conflicts between dao marks, if there was no skillful cooperation, it might instead waste their efforts.

 Naturally, this did not hinder the observing Gu Immortals from accumulating their energy and attacking when there was a chance.

 But the two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals did not find any opportunity to sneak attack.

 Lady Cold Ash gradually gained the upper hand and control of the battle. Forest Lightning Grotto Lord saw the situation was bad and immediately escaped below ground.

 Lady Cold Ash was Spectral Soul’s disguise after all, how could Forest Lightning Grotto Lord be her match? The deadlock earlier was only a deception, it was nothing more than Spectral Soul’s act.

 Xiao He Jian saw Forest Lightning Grotto Lord fleeing and laughed heartily: “Chase!”

 The immortals gave chase.

 They did not care about the large Forest Lightning grotto-heaven and only targeted Forest Lightning Grotto Lord. As long as they got rid of this sole rank eight, other resistances would not be an issue.

 They even took the initiative to maintain the safety of Forest Lightning grotto-heaven, after all, this grotto-heaven needed to be tested on and they would have a share in the distribution of the resources inside it.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord kept on moving deep underground.

 Lady Cold Ash did not give chase and stayed beside Xiao He Jian.

 Soon, the first group of Gu Immortals who had entered deep underground returned with soot covering them.

 When he obtained their report, Xiao He Jian was slightly stunned: “There is such a thing? There is a lightning forest deep underground?”

 The returning Gu Immortals naturally brought evidence.

 Through methods similar to shadow image Gu, the two heavens alliance’s immortals saw a vast lightning forest.

 In the pitch-black underground, lightning flashed and thunder rumbled every moment.

 The flashes of lightning formed a tall silver tree. The tall tree only lasted for a moment, but it had large thunder leaves, many silver lightning branches and so on, they were materialized and tempted all the immortals.

 “Heaven, these are all priceless lightning path rank eight immortal materials!”

 “This is only the superficial wealth of the lightning forest. According to the records in u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e, the source of lightning forest is lightning Gu. The size of this lightning forest is enough to prove there is a rank eight lightning Gu here!”

 “Forest Lightning Grotto Lord wants to resist by relying on lightning Gu?”

 “Hmph, wishful thinking. How could a mere rank eight Immortal Gu oppose our two heavens alliance?”

 The immortals discussed but no one was willing to enter the forest.

 After all, the lightning forest was a dangerous area and Forest Lightning Grotto Lord possessed an enormous terrain advantage here. If they rashly invaded, it was very likely to be an unrewarding venture.

 Xiao He Jian frowned: “Who will go capture Forest Lightning Grotto Lord?”

 Lady Cold Ash stood up once again without hesitation.

 Xiao He Jian showed a pleased smile: “Cold Ash, if you win, your contribution will be at the top for this battle.”

 “Thank you.” Lady Cold Ash was about to move.

 “Wait.” Night Heavenly Wolf Lord also walked out: “The Lightning forest is a dangerous region, let me accompany Cold Ash. If there is any unexpected mishap, I can be of some assistance.”

 “Let’s do it that way then.” Xiao He Jian agreed to Night Heavenly Wolf Lord’s request.

 Thereupon, the two immortals charged towards the depths of the underground. Other Gu Immortals along with Xiao He Jian were floating in the air, watching the battle as well as waiting patiently.

 Lady Cold Ash charged to the bottom and arrived in front of the lightning forest. She directly opened her immortal aperture and let out countless soul beasts.

 The soul beasts charged towards the lightning forest like a violent tide.

 Rumble…

 Lightning struck continuously and explosions resounded unendingly. There were severe losses to the soul beasts, they used their lives to forcibly pave open a path.

 Lady Cold Ash and Night Heavenly Wolf Lord smoothly entered the depths of the lightning forest.

 “I didn’t think Lady Cold Ash would actually deal with the lightning forest like this.”

 “She is really resolved to suck up to Xiao He Jian regardless of the cost.”

 “There have been many rumors recently about the alliance leader wanting to make Xiao He Jian a vice alliance leader?”

 “The alliance only has one vice alliance leader, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, currently. It is not strange for Lord Wu Shuai to make this arrangement to keep the balance between his subordinates.”

 “Lady Cold Ash might be a human Gu Immortal but she doesn’t want to have the same outcome as Forest Lightning Grotto Lord’s. So she wholeheartedly wants to climb ranks in the alliance, she is doing her best to protect her grotto-heaven.”

 Gu Immortals observed the battle while conversing secretly.

 After a while of effort, Lady Cold Ash and Night Heavenly Wolf Lord fought their way to the center of the lightning forest and saw Forest Lightning Grotto Lord once again.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord was refining rank eight lightning Gu and quickly stopped the refinement when he saw the two immortals. He shouted in anger: “Stop! If you take one more stop, I will destroy this lightning Gu!”

 The immortals were surprised.

 “So this lightning Gu is still a wild Immortal Gu and Forest Lightning Grotto Lord has not actually refined it?”

 “What is going on?”

 “Haha, I understand! Forest Lightning Grotto Lord’s ambition is not small.”

 “Oh, please explain.”

 “If I am not wrong, this lightning forest should have been just an ordinary lightning path resource point at the start. But at a certain point, it gave birth to a wild lightning Gu. Because of this lightning Gu, the lightning path resource point gradually transformed into a small lightning forest. Forest Lightning Grotto Lord did not refine this wild lightning Gu, instead he added resources to grow this lightning forest. The larger the scale of the lightning forest, the lightning Gu, which is the source, will also keep on advancing further. Forest Lightning Grotto Lord kept on investing resources and finally advanced this wild lightning Gu to rank eight!”

 The two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals saw through the ambitions of Forest Lightning Grotto Lord.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord was a lightning path Gu Immortal and was not proficient in refinement path. But this lightning forest was created naturally, it was simply nature refining Gu itself!

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord cleverly borrowed the power of nature and added momentum to the original foundation, his goal was to advance lightning Gu to rank nine level!

 And during this process, if he refined this wild Immortal Gu, the process of nature refining Gu would be interrupted and could not be recovered.

 Thus, Forest Lightning Grotto Lord had left this wild lightning Gu in its state and did not refine it.

 It was extremely difficult to seize other’s Gu worms. But wild Immortal Gu were different.

 A rank eight wild Immortal Gu, the crucial thing was that it even had the possibility of advancing to rank nine! This discovery was extremely huge, Xiao He Jian and the rest opened their eyes wide, revealing greed and wariness.

 “This is of vital importance, we cannot be rash.” Xiao He Jian quickly transmitted his voice to Lady Cold Ash and Night Heavenly Wolf Lord.

 Lady Cold Ash and Night Heavenly Wolf Lord paused their attacks.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord spoke conditions: “As long as you spare me and my Forest Lightning grotto-heaven, I will offer this lightning Gu to you.”

 Xiao He Jian quickly contacted Wu Shuai and reported this matter.

 The matter concerned a future rank nine lightning Gu, Xiao He Jian did not dare to decide by himself.



***
Chapter 2021 Blue Heaven Shatters


***





 



 Soon, Xiao He Jian received the reply. He personally flew underground and faced Forest Lightning Grotto Lord: “Alliance Leader has said that he can let you go, but Forest Lightning grotto-heaven must belong to the alliance. Of course, the alliance will not carry out any risky attempts on the qi harvest fruit in the grotto-heaven.”

 “No!” Forest Lightning Grotto Lord’s attitude was extremely firm: “This grotto-heaven is my home, I will not give it up! It won’t change owners, this is my territory, what qualifications does the alliance have to seize it? I will look after the lightning Gu for the moment, retreat and don’t try to invade again from now on. I can set an agreement with the alliance to never seek lightning Gu. If the alliance wants rank nine lightning Gu, you can provide the resources to raise it in the lightning forest here.”

 Xiao He Jian did not respond and only reported Forest Lightning Grotto Lord’s request to Wu Shuai.

 Wu Shuai mumbled for a while, unable to come to a decision.

 He then sent this information to the main body through secret methods and let the main body decide.

 Fang Yuan fell into deep thought.

 “Rank nine Immortal Gu have supreme might, it is indeed worth yielding a step. But this lightning Gu is only rank eight currently. To raise it to rank nine, who knows how many resources and how big of a price we have to pay. And there could be many unexpected mishaps during this process!”

 “Another crucial point is that lightning Gu’s information cannot be concealed, this news will definitely lead to chaos. Be they Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, or other forces, they will all interfere. Wu Shuai’s and Qi Sea Ancestor’s forces must have an all-out battle in the end.”

 Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was deep and immediately deduced the future changes.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord concealed the secret of lightning Gu because he wanted to keep it for himself. But now that he could not keep it, he could only use this chip to negotiate.

 Since he could secretly contact the enemy, he would not just negotiate with Wu Shuai’s alliance, he was sure to contact Qi Sea Ancestor.

 Fang Yuan’s Qi Sea Ancestor disguise protected humanity and had allied with Heavenly Court, he could never let a variant human force like Wu Shuai’s alliance obtain rank nine lightning Gu!

 Thus, Qi Sea Ancestor would have to send troops.

 At that time, Forest Lightning Grotto Lord would surely curry favor with both sides and strive to win some respite. This Forest Lightning Grotto Lord truly had high astuteness and was deeply aware of the way of survival of the weak.

 But like this, it was bound to increase the friction between Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai. This was exactly what Fang Yuan had been trying to avoid.

 And at that time, Heavenly Court would definitely add fuel to the fire, even Longevity Heaven, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and the five regions’ forces would stir up the situation from the dark.

 Although Fang Yuan was the leader of both sides, he was unable to restrict every subordinate. In the fight between these subordinates, if anyone died, Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor would need to take some action to preserve their side’s benefit and prestige. The situation would escalate and continue being irremediable until it finally leads to an all-out battle.

 But if Fang Yuan suppressed the situation, this would not fit the attitudes of Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor. It would definitely be filled with giant loopholes in the eyes of wisdom path Gu Immortals. Heavenly Court would start to have doubts and the whole situation would turn even more dangerous.

 Thus, this situation was not as simple as just a lightning Gu.

 This would implicate many things, it would involve variant humans, humans, and even the overall situation of the two heavens and five regions!

 Fang Yuan was unable to come to a decision immediately for such a huge matter.

 After all, he had to think of many factors, the important thing was that his current strength had fallen. He was at his weakest state and now was the time when he needed to rest and recuperate.

 “I remember lightning Gu is recorded in "The Legends of Ren Zuu", the power it showed was quite strong…”

 Fang Yuan browsed through "The Legends of Ren Zuu".

 "The Legends of Ren Zuu", chapter four, section thirty —

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance and Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence were sent flying away by fate Gu and were forced to leave Ren Zu, arriving at immemorial blue heaven.

 Rumble!

 Thunder rumbled unceasingly here. Lightning flashed, imprinting the sky and forming a forest of lightning.

 “I am angry! I am angry!” The source of this lightning forest was a lightning Gu, it was roaring continuously.

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance and Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence were extremely afraid. The lightning was too strong, so long as a lightning bolt struck them, they would be heavily injured or even die.

 They did not move at all, afraid of lightning Gu discovering them and bombarding them to death.

 They waited patiently for lightning Gu’s anger to dissipate. They would move once it calmed down.

 But lightning Gu was extremely angry and its anger did not show any signs of decreasing. The lightning forest kept on growing in size.

 “What should we do?” Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence was worried: “How can we return to father? Brother, do you have any good suggestions?”

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance shook his head, his brows furrowed: “It is all fate Gu’s fault! It forcefully separated us from father, I am definitely going to take revenge in the future. Argh, my heart hurts every time I think of fate Gu.”

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance held his chest, he found his heart aching more and more.

 How could this be?

 He quickly opened up his chest and looked at the depths of his heart.

 “Oh, why is there a Gu in my heart?” Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance was astonished: “It is no wonder my heart is in constant pain, this Gu was biting on my heart.”

 Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence also saw this Gu worm: “Isn’t this love Gu? I heard father mentioning it before.”

 “No, I am hatred Gu.” The Gu worm spoke: “Although I look similar to love Gu on the surface.”

 Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence urged: “Hatred Gu, why are you gnawing on my brother’s heart, please stop quickly.”

 But hatred Gu said: “I won’t! I am building my home here, I am changing your brother’s heart into a heart of hatred.”

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance was furious: “Who allowed you to build your home in my heart? Get out quickly, I don’t welcome you. If you don’t get out, I will crush you to death!”

 Hatred Gu laughed loudly: “I was attracted by lightning Gu’s anger, but unexpectedly discovered that your heart is more suitable for my home. I won’t leave.”

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance was furious, he actually put his hand inside his heart and grabbed hatred Gu.

 Hatred Gu was like a curved blade without a handle, Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance’s hand was pierced and bled as he grabbed it.

 He clenched his teeth and exerted strength, crushing hatred Gu to death.

 But at the next moment, hatred Gu resurrected from the blood and became even bigger.

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance crushed it to death again, hatred Gu revived once again, its size becoming slightly bigger again.

 “It is useless.” Hatred Gu said: “Hatred cannot be killed, vengeance only breeds more hatred and grudges, the more you treat me like this, the more your hatred will increase.”

 Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence was somewhat stunned and helpless against hatred Gu.

 “It hurts, it hurts, it hurts!” Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance covered his chest, his face pale from the pain.

 Hatred Gu was drilling in and out of his heart, creating holes after holes, transforming his heart into a heart of hatred.

 The current Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance hated fate Gu even more.

 “If I was not sent flying here by fate Gu, how could I have encountered hatred Gu? How could my heart be pierced by hatred Gu?”

 “I will definitely destroy fate Gu, I will definitely take revenge.”

 The more Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance thought, the more he hated. He was no longer afraid of angering lightning Gu, he stood up suddenly.

 “Sister, let’s go, I don’t want to stay here.” Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance held Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence’s hand.

 But Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence hesitated: “Brother, there is lightning all around us, we don’t know when it will strike, it is too dangerous.”

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance said: “Sister, don’t be afraid. The hatred in my heart has shown me a path, that is the path of revenge. There is no lightning on this path, as long as I follow it, I can find fate Gu and take revenge against it. Quick, follow me!”

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance dragged Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence.

 The strange thing was that despite lightning bolts crackling around them, not a single one struck Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance and Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence.

 The two ran and ran when they suddenly collided into something.

 “What is ahead?” Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence touched the air in front of her and found it was like a transparent wall.

 “This is the heavenly wind qi wall, the border of the immemorial nine heavens.” Hatred Gu explained.

 “Brother, there is a wall ahead, we cannot leave.” Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence said helplessly.

 But Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance had a different perspective: “Where is the wall? I only see the path ahead, as long as we follow along this trail, we can definitely leave and find fate Gu!”

 Time and again, Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance got up and rushed forward before colliding into the heavenly wind qi wall, his head bled as he fell to the ground. Then, he climbed up and charged forward again.

 Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence wanted to stop him, but Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance did not listen.

 Hatred Gu laughed: “It is useless. I have already built my home in his heart, although his eyes are open, he can only see the path that I point towards, he cannot see any other thing. Hahaha.”

 Right at this time, lightning Gu sensed Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance and Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence, the terrifying lightning forest began to quickly spread towards them.

 There was no road to advance or retreat, Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence was extremely anxious but did not have any ideas: “It would have been great if we still had wealth Gu!”

 Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance did not listen to her, he continued to collide into the heavenly wind qi wall. Blood filled the ground.

 Lightning Gu finally reached closer, Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence cried: “Am I going to die here?”

 But Lightning Gu restrained its power and approached slowly, it let out a rumbling sound: “Don’t worry, oh humans, I won’t harm you or injure you. On the contrary, I want your help.”

 Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence stopped crying and asked curiously: “Lightning Gu, you are so strong, how can we possibly help you?”

 Lightning Gu: “I have been trapped here all along, immemorial blue heaven is large but I am already sick of it. I want to go out but I am unable to find a path that leads to the outside, thus I am angry. Anger often leads to hatred, so hatred Gu was attracted here.”

 “But from your brother, I can see the path to exit. Therefore, humans, let us cooperate. I will help you break the heavenly wind qi wall and you will bring me out of here, alright?” Lightning Gu proposed.

 Myriad Gold Wondrous Essence and Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance were very happy at this suggestion.

 “I agree to it. Your help will be great.” Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance replied.

 Thereupon, lightning Gu landed on Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance’s hand and started to emit a terrifying radiance.

 Hatred Gu laughed loudly: “Let me lend you a hand.”

 Lightning Gu obtained hatred Gu’s strength and became extremely powerful.

 Rumble rumble…

 Lightning Gu erupted with fierce strength, not only destroying the heavenly wind qi wall but even shattering the whole of immemorial blue heaven!

 “Quickly leave!” Blazing Glory Lightning Brilliance was greatly shocked and knew that they had created a huge disaster, he quickly grabbed his sister and left with lightning Gu and hatred Gu.



***
Chapter 2022 Heavenly Court Seeks To Fight


***





 



 “According to u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e, hatred Gu and lightning Gu can cooperate and amplify each other’s power to form a terrifying killer move that directly destroyed immemorial blue heaven?”

 Fang Yuan read it carefully again as he wondered, did this mean that these two Gu worms could counter heaven path?

 Where were heaven path dao marks most gathered in?

 Undoubtedly, the immemorial nine heavens.

 Besides them, there was Fang Yuan’s body.

 “This seems to be an avenue to resolve my current predicament.” Fang Yuan pondered: “But only lightning Gu is here, it won’t work without hatred Gu. Where is this Gu worm? Is there currently such an Immortal Gu in existence? If not, how do I refine it? If it exists, the situation is even more troublesome as I will need to scheme and plan to seize it.”

 “In fact, even if I have these two core Immortal Gu, it is still a mystery on how to form them into that killer move. u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e is too vague about it.”

 Just at this time, Qin Ding Ling personally sent a letter through treasure yellow heaven.

 Fang Yuan opened and read it, the letter Gu directly talked about Forest Lightning grotto-heaven’s matter. Qin Ding Ling was very eager about lightning Gu, and even wanted Qi Sea Ancestor to stop researching the qi harvest fruits for the time being and lead his subordinates to cooperate with Heavenly Court in fighting for lightning Gu.

 “Why is Heavenly Court so anxious?” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light: “Also, they obtained the information too quickly. Looks like they have arranged some spies on Wu Shuai’s side.”

 Qin Ding Ling was not Fairy Zi Wei after all, she was slightly hurried in doing things, which allowed Fang Yuan, who had deep wisdom path attainment to deduce some possibilities.

 “Since that is the case…” Fang Yuan smiled bitterly, Heavenly Court’s urgent letter made him come to a decision.

 Forest Lightning grotto-heaven.

 Xiao He Jian’s expression changed slightly, he had received Wu Shuai’s command.

 His gaze turned cold as he shouted: “Alliance Leader sent the command to kill Forest Lightning Grotto Lord without worrying about lightning Gu. It is nothing to lose a mere rank eight Immortal Gu. We must execute all the Gu Immortals of Forest Lightning grotto-heaven and then attempt to get rid of the qi harvest fruit. Don’t worry about the grotto-heaven’s resources, use all your strength to complete the task in the shortest time possible!”

 “What?!” Hearing these words, not only Forest Lightning Grotto Lord, even Lady Cold Ash and Night Heavenly Wolf Lord were astonished.

 This was a future rank nine Immortal Gu, Wu Shuai gave up on it so resolutely?

 For an instant, none of the three immortals made a move due to the shock.

 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was Heavenly Court’s mole, he naturally thought of helping to preserve Forest Lightning Grotto Lord to harm Wu Shuai’s alliance.

 And Lady Cold Ash was basically Spectral Soul, he also thought of preserving this point of conflict that would incite a fierce battle between Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor. As long as there was chaos, he could gain many chances to act.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord suddenly shouted: “Xiao He Jian, such audacity, you actually gave a false command. Wu Shuai is expanding his strength, how can he give up on the future rank nine Immortal Gu? As someone who joined recently, you truly have ill intentions!”

 Xiao He Jian’s expression turned cold from Forest Lightning Grotto Lord’s incrimination.

 He did not retort, instead glaring at Lady Cold Ash and Night Heavenly Wolf Lord: “This is our alliance leader’s command! Are you going to believe a traitor or me? Attack!”

 Saying so, Xiao He Jian did not wait for the two and charged in by himself.

 Bam bam bam…

 Killer moves were let out, destroying a large portion of the lightning forest.

 “Charge!” The alliance immortals who were above ground also received Xiao He Jian’s order and came over, besieging this lightning forest.

 Since the situation became like this, Lady Cold Ash and Night Heavenly Wolf Lord could not care about their own schemes, they sighed and joined the group in attacking.

 “Wu Shuai, you are really cruel! You are so narrow-minded, you will definitely die miserably!” Forest Lightning Grotto Lord knew he was going to die and let out a vicious curse while exerting strength to destroy lightning Gu.

 “In your dreams.” At the next moment, Lady Cold Ash suddenly appeared behind him.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord stiffened, Lady Cold Ash took the chance and actually seized lightning Gu from his hands!

 “What method is this?” The immortals were astonished.

 Although Spectral Soul’s attainment levels had fallen to a miserable level, he still had plenty of methods. The accumulation of a venerable could not be estimated by ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals.

 “Great job!” Xiao He Jian was exulted. He had held no hope in taking lightning Gu, but who could have thought it would truly be seized. This was Lady Cold Ash’s merit and his as well. By now, his vice alliance leader position was already half confirmed. The remaining half would be by completing the task given by Wu Shuai!

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord counterattacked madly.

 To preserve lightning Gu, Lady Cold Ash had forcibly endured his attacks and got injured.

 “Retreat and guard lightning Gu!” Xiao He Jian quickly came to help, he blocked Forest Lightning Grotto Lord for Lady Cold Ash.

 To prevent interference, other immortals began to plunder resources while watching Xiao He Jian fight Forest Lightning Grotto Lord alone.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord had already fought with Lady Cold Ash before, his condition was not optimal and almost all of his methods were exposed.

 Based on the superficial strength shown, Xiao He Jian was stronger than Lady Cold Ash as well.

 This battle held no suspense, and soon, Xiao He Jian defeated Forest Lightning Grotto Lord.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord was not resigned to being defeated and was still thinking of escaping.

 But the surrounding Gu Immortals had been observing the battle and encircled Forest Lightning Grotto Lord with no way for him to flee.

 Forest Lightning Grotto Lord was beheaded and Forest Lightning grotto-heaven was destroyed. The alliance’s experiment on the qi harvest fruit failed this time as well.

 Moreover, because Wu Shuai asked for the battle to be finished as quickly as possible, most of the resources in Forest Lightning grotto-heaven were destroyed. The participating Gu Immortals could only collect very few resources.

 The greatest gain was that wild rank eight lightning Gu. But it was clear this was going to be handed to Alliance Leader Wu Shuai.

 Fang Yuan thought for a good while before finally deciding to deal with the problem directly, getting rid of Forest Lightning grotto-heaven so that the conflict could not grow.

 Wu Shuai’s fast decision not only astonished the alliance members, it even destroyed Heavenly Court’s plan.

 Qin Ding Ling had obtained first hand information from Night Heavenly Wolf Lord and immediately contacted Qi Sea Ancestor.

 Fang Yuan received the letter; in the letter, Qin Ding Ling was still insisting on seizing lightning Gu even though it had already fallen into Wu Shuai’s hands. Even if they could not seize lightning Gu, they had to destroy it!

 “Looks like Heavenly Court is determined to get lightning Gu. Heavenly Court should have lightning Gu’s Immortal Gu recipe, they can refine it themselves if this Gu is destroyed.”

 Fang Yuan was even more curious, why was Heavenly Court so anxious to get lightning Gu? Why did such the powerful Heavenly Court have such pressing needs for this Immortal Gu? Lightning Gu was not fate Gu after all!

 Fang Yuan did not understand Heavenly Court’s scheme, but Qin Ding Ling’s attitude made Fang Yuan’s previous plan fall through.

 Fang Yuan made Wu Shuai destroy Forest Lightning grotto-heaven without any regards for the safety of lightning Gu to strangle the possible conflict to death and prevent a war between the two sides.

 But Heavenly Court held an attitude akin to asking for battle, Fang Yuan also could not refuse it easily.

 After all, Qi Sea Ancestor was allied with Heavenly Court.

 How should he deal with this?



***
Chapter 2023 Inviting Qi Sea


***





 



 Profound Literature grotto-heaven.

 Capital city, Su clan.

 There was a book house erected inside a certain guest room’s courtyard.

 This book house was a mortal Gu House, it had the form of a tree house, covered with green leaves and branches.

 Right now, Li Xiao Bai was sitting cross-legged inside the book house.

 A beautiful girl was standing in front of him, she was Su Qi Han. Su Qi Han’s expression was somewhat serious: “Xiao Bai, have you really thought it through? A vital Gu cannot be changed easily.”

 Li Xiao Bai nodded with a smile: “Qi Han, don’t be too worried. I have thought it through properly, I am most interested in composing poems. So to me, poetry Gu is the most suitable vital Gu. It was just that I was not qualified to change my vital Gu before. But since this book house has extraordinary might and has the function of assisting me in changing vital Gu, how can I let go of such a chance?”

 Su Qi Han sighed: “Since you have decided, I won’t urge you anymore. I will guard you from outside.”

 “Mm.” Li Xiao Bai did not stand on ceremony, directly closing his eyes.

 After he obtained this Book House inheritance, he returned to the capital city and reunited with Su Qi Han. Although he lost in the poetry competition, he had already proven himself. Su Qi Han invited him to stay temporarily in Su clan, no one opposed to it, instead, this became a beautiful story.

 Li Xiao Bai was not stingy, after staying in Su clan, he shared this Book House inheritance with Su Qi Han. The two spent almost every day in the book house, continuously cultivating, researching, and communicating intimately with each other.

 Although the two had undergone intimate activities because of a coincidence, they did not have close feelings for each other. Su Qi Han’s previous actions came from her own high moral character.

 But over these days of contact, Su Qi Han increasingly appreciated Li Xiao Bai’s talents and started to feel an attraction to him.

 Li Xiao Bai obtained this fortuitous encounter but did not conceal it from Su Qi Han and shared it with her. From this, Su Qi Han saw that Li Xiao Bai’s character was pure and kind, willing to give her anything, he was definitely not a heartless scholar.

 Although the two had not been officially engaged, Su Qi Han had already treated Li Xiao Bai as her sole lifelong partner.

 Su Qi Han walked out of the book house with worry: “This book house has high value and contains many branches of information path like verses, ditties, odes and songs. However, these branches are limited to Gu Master cultivation and there are no ways to advance to Gu Immortal. I have already hinted Xiao Bai many times that as long as he marries into and lives in my Su clan, he can obtain Su clan’s Calligraphy Immortal cultivation technique. Unfortunately, he has no interest in calligraphy and is wholeheartedly focused on poems. Oh, since he likes it, I have no way to persuade him otherwise. If he accomplishes nothing in the future and stays as a Gu Master, I will work hard to become a Gu Immortal and an official of the Imperial Court. I will protect and take care of him for the rest of my life. I will watch him compose and recite poems, as long as he is happy, I am also happy.”

 Profound Literature grotto-heaven had an Imperial Court.

 The high ranking officials of the Imperial Court were all Gu Immortals. Su Qi Han was Su clan’s most beloved daughter and the apple of their eye, her aptitude and talents were astonishing as well, so it was natural for her to come in contact with Su clan’s immortal cultivation technique.

 “Young miss, you should take a rest, you will be tired if you keep on standing. With us here, Great Scholar Li’s safety is guaranteed.” The guards and the maids urged Su Qi Han.

 Su Qi Han shook her head: “Stand guard outside the courtyard. I will personally guard him here.”

 The book house started shaking, gentle light spread from the inside to the outside through the windows.

 A few minutes later, the book house turned silent, the leaves and the branches were no longer shaking.

 Inside the book house, Li Xiao Bai opened his eyes slowly.

 The process of changing vital Gu went smoothly, Li Xiao Bai looked inside his aperture and saw a Gu worm that looked like a heart; it had a red jade-like texture and was covered by a layer of light gold radiance.

 It was his new vital Gu, rank five Gu worm — Poetry.

 Poetry Gu was classified in information path and belonged to a side-branch of information path cultivation. The most common form of information path cultivation were oaths and vows, like sea oath Gu, mountain pledge Gu, promise Gu, black and white paper Gu. Second was transmitting information like goose Gu, paper crane Gu, butterfly letter Gu, flying sword letter Gu, messenger dove Gu, and so on. Thirdly was watching, listening, reading, and writing, for example, water text Gu belonged to the writing category. Beast language Gu was related to reading and speaking.

 Verses, ditties, odes, songs, and so on were simply not mainstream.

 Li Xiao Bai had made such a decision, it was no wonder Su Qi Han was worried about his future prospects.

 But she did not know Li Xiao Bai’s true intention.

 “This grotto-heaven’s environment is special as it is under the effect of the killer move, assisting literary talents. As long as I create great poems, I can obtain rewards and advance quickly. The five regions chaotic war is drawing close, such a way that can quickly increase one’s strength with no side-effect is priceless. Although Su Qi Han can get in contact with Gu Immortal cultivation methods, she does not know the outside world’s situation.”

 “I have changed my vital gu to poetry Gu, next, I will practice poetic Gu and emotion poetry Gu, use gather poem Gu to gather poems externally and advance poem wall Gu. Additionally, I should also practice poem boundary Gu, this is an extremely outstanding Gu worm which effect is similar to a battlefield killer move.”

 Just as Li Xiao Bai was thinking, the door was opened slowly and Su Qi Han entered with a concerned look.

 “Xiao Bai.” Su Qi Han spoke softly.

 Li Xiao Bai gave a light smile and nodded towards her: “Everything went smoothly.”

 Su Qi Han smiled, her beautiful watery eyes revealed delicate concern: “That’s good.”

 Boom—!

 Suddenly, the sky shook and an explosion resounded throughout the grotto heaven.

 “What’s going on?” Li Xiao Bai and Su Qi Han were alarmed and rushed out of the room, they looked at the sky but it was clear and blue. A gust of wind blew past them.

 The wind only lasted for a very short period of time, and after it passed by, there was no other abnormality.

 The mortals, Gu Masters, and even Gu Immortals living in the capital city sensed this suddenly appearing and disappearing abnormality. Most of the people were baffled, but a few Gu Immortal officials who knew the inside details were joyous.

 “Success!” In a certain area of Profound Literature grotto-heaven, Old Immortal Hua Yu bowed deeply towards Qi Sea Ancestor in excitement: “Congratulations to Ancestor for successfully handling the qi harvest fruit calamity. Ancestor has saved the whole of Profound Literature grotto-heaven, this favor is the same as giving us new life! From now on, if you have any orders for me, I will undoubtedly use all my strength without question!”

 Qi Sea Ancestor laughed heartily, lifting Old Immortal Hua Yu up: “No need to be so courteous.”

 The immortals standing at the side were extremely happy.

 “Ancestor has divine might!”

 “Wu Shuai’s side tested repeatedly and destroyed so many grotto-heavens. Ancestor tried for the first time and succeeded, Wu Shuai can never match you.”

 “I wonder when Ancestor can resolve our qi harvest fruit problem?”

 “Yes, our grotto-heavens’ qi harvest fruits have already become extremely large and are getting closer to self-detonation.”

 Gu Immortals praised loudly while also urging Fang Yuan to continue his work.

 Fang Yuan waved his hand: “This test was a success but I sensed some flaws in it. I need to be in closed cultivation for three days to solve this issue. At that time, I will clear up the danger for everyone, wouldn’t that be even better?”

 The immortals were exulted: “We shall listen to Ancestor’s arrangements!”

 Fang Yuan smiled, a sharp light flashing across his eyes.

 Heavenly Court.

 Soon, Qin Ding Ling received this news and immediately showed joy: “Good, good! My choice to cooperate with Qi Sea Ancestor was indeed correct.”

 Qi Sea Ancestor did not let down their expectations, not only creating a method to resolve the qi harvest fruit problem, but even succeeding after using it once. According to the information, Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s qi harvest fruit was not only safely removed, the fruit also burst and formed a harmless qi tide that swept past the whole grotto-heaven and raised the grotto-heaven’s foundation by a good amount.

 Qin Ding Ling was in a great mood.

 Over this period of time, Heavenly Court had already walked out of the shadow of defeat in the fate war. With Qin Ding Ling and the other Heavenly Court immortals’ schemes and efforts, good news came one after another.

 Firstly, the variant human forces were restrained, secondly, Qing Chou was captured, and now, the qi harvest fruit’s danger was eliminated.

 “But now, should we get rid of the qi harvest fruit in Heavenly Court first or try to fight for lightning Gu?”

 Qin Ding Ling could not come to a decision by herself and gathered the Heavenly Court immortals for a meeting.

 “Qi Sea Ancestor is worthy of being a qi path great expert, with this method, his force will be stable and in an impregnable position.”

 “Wu Shuai’s alliance is still experimenting with various methods, their qi path attainment is too shallow.”

 “As long as Qi Sea Ancestor defers for some time, there might not even be a need to start a fight and Wu Shuai’s alliance will break apart by itself.”

 Qin Ding Ling shook her head at this optimistic plan: “Wu Shuai is a formidable person. Even a rabbit will bite if it is forced to a corner, let alone this dragonman. Once he obtains this news, he might immediately lead his troops to fight Qi Sea Ancestor.”

 “That’s right. Qi Sea Ancestor can safely remove the qi harvest fruits, but Wu Shuai cannot. The longer their fight is delayed, the more unfavorable it is to Wu Shuai. It is very likely for Wu Shuai to send his troops.”

 “In that case, we have to move ahead of time and ask Qi Sea Ancestor to resolve the qi harvest fruit in Heavenly Court.”

 “You are right. Once the battle starts, Qi Sea Ancestor will not be able to deal with too many matters, he will definitely have to bear the full force attack from Wu Shuai. The situation is already like a conflict between fire and water, the fight won’t be stopped easily once it starts, and it might really be a life and death battle.”

 Qin Ding Ling looked at Nine Spiritual Fairy: “How is the refinement of hatred Gu going?”

 Nine Spiritual Fairy shook her head: “There has been a breakthrough just recently. Hatred Gu’s condition is extremely strange, it has already merged into Qing Chou. We found a method to refine hatred Gu just recently. It will take quite long to refine hatred Gu. But the good news is that if we succeed, we can manipulate Qing Chou as well.”

 Qin Ding Ling nodded: “Since hatred Gu has yet to be obtained completely, there is no need to hurry in seizing lightning Gu. We will conceal this news as much as possible and invite Qi Sea Ancestor to come to Heavenly Court secretly and deal with the qi harvest fruit. After finishing this matter, we will then fight with Wu Shuai.”

 The immortals did not have any objections.

 “But how should we reward Qi Sea Ancestor?” A Gu Immortal asked.

 “This is not difficult. Qi Sea Ancestor is very interested in the qi path Immortal Gu in my Heavenly Court’s treasury. In the previous letters, he had repeatedly asked to borrow these qi path Immortal Gu, but I did not agree and kept on making excuses.” Qin Ding Ling smiled.

 Another Gu Immortal added: “We also need to be on guard against another person, Demon Immortal Qi Jue!”

 Qin Ding Ling nodded: “I have also considered it. This demon is also a qi path great expert, if he collaborates with Wu Shuai, it will balance the situation of both sides again, he is a huge threat.”

 “It is difficult to track Demon Immortal Qi Jue, who knows where he has gone now. He has just revived and is not familiar with the various paths of the present age. He is currently purchasing qi path immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven and exchanging for inheritances of every path, he is taking even Gu Master inheritances. Wu Shuai has chips to transact with him!”

 Qin Ding Ling stressed once again: “So the current plan is to immediately invite Qi Sea Ancestor to Heavenly Court while hiding the information and striving for every second we can get!”



***
Chapter 2024 Strategies of the Three Parties


***





 



 Within Dragon Palace, the atmosphere was heavy.

 “The situation has become like this, what do you all think about it?” Wu Shuai was the only person seated, he had already gathered the alliance’s immortals and explained to them the actions that Qi Sea Ancestor took inside Profound Literature grotto-heaven.

 Heavenly Court tried all ways to conceal the information but at the same time, Wu Shuai informed all of the Gu Immortals within the two heavens alliance.

 After hearing this nightmarish news, the response was huge as all of the immortals’ expressions changed.

 “Is this for real?” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch asked immediately before reacting to what he had said, his face turned pale: “I am not questioning Lord Alliance Leader, but this is truly too sudden and surprising.”

 Wu Shuai snorted coldly: “Do I need to lie to you?”

 “This is not good!” Xiao He Jian’s expression was solemn: “Qi Sea Ancestor is a qi path great expert, since Demon Immortal Qi Jue was able to use a qi harvest fruit to revive, then there is also a high chance that Qi Sea Ancestor can get rid of the threatening qi harvest fruits. If the enemy has a method to get rid of the qi harvest fruits, they will have a complete upper hand in this situation.”

 “Indeed, indeed.”

 “What do we do now?”

 “My tribe’s grotto-heaven’s qi harvest fruit has already grown to a huge size, if we do not get rid of it, it will explode soon.”

 “But our experiments have not succeeded once, we already ruined many grotto-heavens.”

 “It is impossible for us to come to a peaceful truce with Qi Sea Ancestor, we should be wary of them using this chance to attack us!”

 The immortals discussed as their tone contained fear and panic.

 Spectral Soul who was acting as Lady Cold Ash stood among them, cheering secretly. He wanted the war to start as soon as possible, if there was chaos, he would gain a great opportunity to take action.

 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord showed the same attitude as the rest but he was happy on the inside. He had already joined Heavenly Court, this situation was very advantageous to him.

 “Panicking to this degree, what a disgrace!” Gu tribe’s leader suddenly shouted.

 Everyone looked towards him.

 Even though Gu tribe’s leader joined the two heavens alliance, he had always been silent. But everyone knew that he was the closest person to Wu Shuai. In terms of Wu Shuai’s trust, he surpassed Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian, who were both vice alliance leaders!

 Gu tribe’s leader suddenly spoke, Xiao He Jian shook internally as he realized something. Before he spoke, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had already taken the initiative: “With Lord Alliance Leader here, we have nothing to fear. At this crucial juncture of life and death, I am willing to follow Lord Alliance Leader and listen to your commands.”

 Xiao He Jian cursed internally but he quickly followed: “I will listen to Lord Alliance Leader’s decision!”

 Wu Shuai nodded slightly, snorting: “The current situation is critical, if we sit and wait here, we will definitely perish, there is no exception. We have to fight with all our strength now for a hope of survival. They are able to eliminate the qi harvest fruit because of Qi Sea Ancestor’s method. As long as we do our best and kill Qi Sea Ancestor, we will gain complete victory. Even if we cannot kill him, as long as we gravely injure him, the situation will also be alleviated.”

 After Wu Shuai said that, Gu tribe’s leader immediately shouted: “Alliance Leader is wise!”

 Wu Shuai looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian, these two vice alliance leaders immediately shouted: “Alliance Leader is wise, this plan is superb!”

 “What ideas do you all have? If anyone has a better suggestion, you can tell us now.” Wu Shuai purposely asked the other Gu Immortals.

 But what ideas could these people have?

 In fact, Wu Shuai said he was going to attack the enemies because he had no other choice now, this was their only hope. Other than this, could they surrender to Qi Sea Ancestor?

 It was not that they did not know this, but nobody had the guts to say it. Forest Lightning grotto-heaven was the best example, everyone saw that pitiful end, who would still dare to follow in its footsteps?

 “Since everyone agrees, we will discuss about the way we will send our troops, we will use our time efficiently and catch the enemy off guard.” Wu Shuai said as he decided with lightning speed.

 Gu tribe’s leader added: “Lord Alliance Leader is right, every second we waste now will mean the enemy gets an additional second of advantage.”

 Immediately, the immortals started to discuss their offensive strategy.

 This discussion lasted nearly an hour before they came up with a refined plan.

 Wu Shuai opened the door of Dragon Palace, ordering the immortals to make preparations, they would move out in seven days.

 Night Heavenly Wolf Lord returned to Night Wolf grotto-heaven, he mobilized his forces and gathered more troops while quickly informing Heavenly Court of this new development.

 After Qin Ding Ling received the information, she summoned the Heavenly Court immortals for a meeting.

 “The situation has changed, it seems that Wu Shuai has some spies around Qi Sea Ancestor.”

 “Like I said before, we cannot underestimate Wu Shuai.”

 “Since Wu Shuai is going to take the initiative to attack, let’s use this chance to take him down!”

 “That will be hard, they have Dragon Palace and Di Zang Sheng to defend them. Unless we can awaken some immortals from the graveyard, we will not have sufficient strength to deal with the enemies.”

 “Time is too pressing, we have seven days and the situation will occur far away in Eastern Sea.”

 “We can only inform Qi Sea Ancestor now and ask him to make preparations while pretending to be ignorant. When Wu Shuai attacks, he will definitely suffer a setback.”

 “Did you forget that Wu Shuai has spies around Qi Sea Ancestor? If Qi Sea Ancestor learns this information from us, it will also likely alert Wu Shuai.”

 Prince Feng Xian suddenly spoke at this time: “Why must we inform Qi Sea Ancestor?”

 The discussions suddenly stopped.

 “Qi Sea Ancestor is our ally, if we do not tell him about this, it will not benefit our alliance.”

 Prince Feng Xian shook his head slowly as he smiled: “As long as we keep quiet, why would Qi Sea Ancestor find out that we know this? Our spy in the two heavens alliance has always been kept as a secret, if we tell him now, the spy might get exposed.”

 “We ally with Qi Sea Ancestor because we need his strength to resolve Heavenly Court’s problem of the qi harvest fruit, we also want to use him as our pawn to gather an external force that can resist the variant human forces from getting stronger.”

 Prince Feng Xian continued to speak: “And thirdly, if possible, we want to recruit Qi Sea Ancestor into becoming a Heavenly Court member.”

 Qin Ding Ling looked at Prince Feng Xian: “Then in your opinion, what should we do?”

 Prince Feng Xian breathed in deeply: “In my humble opinion, we should pretend that we do not know this and act according to our original plan. Now that Qi Sea Ancestor has already secretly moved out, he will arrive in Heavenly Court in three days. By then, we can get him to solve our problem of the qi harvest fruit.”

 “Heavenly Court is huge and has immense foundation, the qi harvest fruit here is the largest in the world. Qi Sea Ancestor suggested us to create a qi path immortal formation, it will take at least six days to get rid of the qi harvest fruit. We can purposely delay the formation creation time, if Wu Shuai’s invasion succeeds, Qi Sea Ancestor’s force will suffer a huge loss.”

 “Qi Sea Ancestor will become anxious and want to return to help them but as the person controlling the formation, how can he leave? Qi Sea Ancestor’s force will be without a leader, they will not be able to defeat Wu Shuai. In fact, even if they get wiped out, so what?”

 “Our strength will not fall while Qi Sea Ancestor will become a loner. By coming to Heavenly Court secretly and failing to protect his force, causing its destruction, his reputation will fall to rock bottom. Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world will also look down on him. Who would respect someone who goes missing in battle while helping forces of other regions?”

 “At that point, Qi Sea Ancestor will understand that his status in Eastern Sea will never recover. By then, we will have no worries anymore, we can send people to take revenge for him. During the process, we can move him with logic and emotion, by tempting him with future gains, I am sure there is a high chance we can get him to join Heavenly Court.”

 The immortals were silent, they looked at each other before looking towards Prince Feng Xian.

 At this moment, all of the immortals’ gazes became different from before.

 After hearing Prince Feng Xian’s strategy, their impression towards him changed completely!

 Prince Feng Xian’s arms were behind his back, he stopped speaking as he smiled.

 This scheme was vicious, none of the Gu Immortals here thought of it except him, the reason was because of his own life experiences.

 Prince Feng Xian came from Spirit Affinity House, he was used as a spy initially to develop in Northern Plains. After many years, he became rank eight and also married into Gong tribe, he was the strongest spy in Northern Plains that came from Central Continent.

 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals have been too used to being overlords, their mindsets were also too fixed in place. But all of the immortals here were rank eight elites, they soon understood that Prince Feng Xian’s plan was the most advantageous to Heavenly Court.

 Even if Wu Shuai claims victory, so what?

 Only the grotto-heavens in the two heavens would suffer. Even if Eastern Sea gets involved in the fight, its foundation would not be affected.

 Even if Eastern Sea’s righteous path was toppled, that would only be one region. Humanity would still be the ruler of the world!

 “Alright.” Qin Ding Ling looked at everyone’s expressions as she said, making a decision: “We will act according to Prince Feng Xian’s proposal.”



***
Chapter 2025 Three Qi Immortal Gu


***





 



 Heavenly Court was constantly filled with bright light.

 Fang Yuan, who was disguised as Qi Sea Ancestor, had already arrived in Heavenly Court.

 He floated in the air as he observed the qi harvest fruit in front of him.

 The qi harvest fruit in Heavenly Court was large beyond common sense, it was like a towering mountain range, vast and colossal.

 “Such a huge qi harvest fruit cannot even fit in an ordinary rank eight grotto-heaven, it will destroy the aperture walls from its sheer size. Only Heavenly Court has such a deep foundation and because of the use of Cang Xuan Zi’s space path fruits, the space inside is large enough to accommodate this qi harvest fruit.”

 Fang Yuan sighed internally.

 The last time he came to Heavenly Court, he had participated in the fate war with his original appearance and caused Heavenly Court to lose badly. This time, he was acting as Heavenly Court’s friend, he was here to resolve their problem of the qi harvest fruit.

 Changes in situations and circumstances were often hard to predict.

 “How is it?” Qin Ding Ling stood beside Fang Yuan, asking.

 Fang Yuan nodded: “This is the first time I’ve seen such a huge qi harvest fruit, it shows that your foundation is truly unfathomable, this is truly the number one force in the world.”

 After pausing for a while, Fang Yuan continued: “After my inspection earlier, even though my method is effective, this qi harvest fruit is too big. We need to set up the immortal formation first, the larger the qi path immortal formation, the more time we can save.”

 Qin Ding Ling was slightly surprised: “Ancestor, to think that you have already come up with the immortal formation’s design.”

 Fang Yuan shook his head: “No, the qi path immortal formation that we will set up is only going to amplify my qi path killer moves. The actual way to get rid of the qi harvest fruit is still through the qi path killer moves that I will use.”

 Qin Ding Ling nodded upon hearing this, the explanation was logical.

 She smiled as she took out a qi path rank eight Immortal Gu: “Heavenly Court does not lack qi path Immortal Gu, to resolve the problem of the qi harvest fruit, Heavenly Court is willing to use up our qi path resources. Ancestor, look at this Immortal Gu.”

 Fang Yuan’s attention was drawn to this Immortal Gu.

 “Don’t tell me this is… human qi Immortal Gu?” Fang Yuan’s pupils expanded as his expression changed.

 Human qi Immortal Gu resembled a bee, it was thumb-sized and constantly moved its wings, floating above Qin Ding Ling’s palm, it emitted a cloud-like qi.

 Qin Ding Ling handed human qi Immortal Gu to Fang Yuan.

 Fang Yuan extended his hand and held the Gu, he looked at it fixedly and praised: “Good Gu, good Gu. This Gu is related to human path, it has immense potential for development!”

 Qin Ding Ling smiled as she took out a second Immortal Gu, handing it to Fang Yuan.

 This was earth qi Immortal Gu, it resembled a butterfly, brown in color, it also gave off a cloud-like qi.

 Fang Yuan’s left hand held human qi Immortal Gu while his right hand held earth qi Immortal Gu, he looked at them with great interest: “Wonderful, wonderful.”

 “And this is heaven qi Immortal Gu.” Qin Ding Ling said as she passed Fang Yuan a third rank eight Immortal Gu.

 Heaven qi Immortal Gu resembled a dragonfly, it was green in color and had eight pairs of thin bluish wings, when it moved its wings, its entire body would emit a translucent qi current.

 Fang Yuan had a solemn expression: “This heaven qi Immortal Gu is tightly connected with heaven path. Truthfully speaking, the method that I created to get rid of the qi harvest fruit only succeeded after I comprehended a trace of heaven path’s profundity. If I had this Gu, I would have succeeded much earlier.”

 “Gu Immortals cultivate all sorts of paths, human path and heaven path are the most unique. Ancestor, you have already reached the peak of qi path, thus you are able to mimic other paths easily and comprehend the true meaning of various paths.” Qin Ding Ling praised before changing her words: “These three qi Immortal Gu are the core of triple qi retraction killer move, they are priceless treasures of Heavenly Court. Only Heavenly Court members can have them.”

 Qin Ding Ling saw Fang Yuan’s expression and felt internally happy, she hinted to him that these Gu worms would be available if he joined Heavenly Court.

 After hearing this, Fang Yuan showed a hesitant expression, but he was smiling to himself internally.

 All of the expressions he showed were just an act.

 If he really cultivated qi path solely, these three qi Immortal Gu would be incredibly alluring. Fang Yuan had tried many times already, these three qi path Immortal Gu were the cores of triple qi retraction, they could not be replaced. If he used other qi path Immortal Gu in place of them, even if he manages to create a triple qi retraction killer move, its value in battle would fall drastically.

 Thus, even though Fang Yuan had the complete Primordial Origin qi path true inheritance now, he did not benefit much from it.

 Furthermore, Qi Sea Ancestor was just one of Fang Yuan’s identities. He also had no lack of rank eight Immortal Gu. Attitude, Mutation, Wisdom Sword, Years Flow Like Water, Soul Beast Token, Regret, Spring, Summer, Big Qi, Region, Addition, Steal Life, Water Refinement, Advance Refinement, Dream Token, he simply had too many of them.

 In Fang Yuan’s eyes, only rank nine Immortal Gu could truly excite him.

 But rank nine Immortal Gu were too rare.

 He originally had one, which was wisdom Gu. But this Immortal Gu was tampered by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable long ago, he had no choice but to sacrifice it in the fate war.

 Qin Ding Ling lent all three qi Immortal Gu and let Qi Sea Ancestor familiarize himself with them, she also arranged several Gu Immortals to modify the qi path immortal Gu formation with Qi Sea Ancestor.

 Having everyone’s help, the qi path immortal formation was finalized in a few days.

 Fang Yuan and the Heavenly Court immortals started to set up the formation.

 This qi path formation’s main owner was naturally Fang Yuan.

 But in the other formation cores, there would be Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals stationed, they could help him out while also supervising his actions.

 Qi Sea Ancestor was an outsider after all, even though he underwent an alliance agreement, he was still not a Heavenly Court member. How could Heavenly Court not guard against him?

 The truth was, the assisting Gu Immortals were not the only ones guarding against him.

 The core Immortal Gu of this qi path formation, Heaven Qi, Earth Qi, and Human Qi, were temporarily lent to Fang Yuan by Qin Ding Ling. If any situation occurs, Heavenly Court could immediately take them back and make Fang Yuan lose control of the entire qi path formation.

 This qi path formation was modified along with several Heavenly Court Gu Immortals. Even if they had low qi path attainment, they still had general knowledge, it was hard to deceive them. Also, Fang Yuan did not conceal anything inside this qi path formation.

 The formation was definitely not an issue.

 “Earth qi Gu, go!” Fang Yuan first tossed earth qi Immortal Gu as he instilled immortal essence.

 Earth qi Immortal Gu quickly flew out, it went into the ground below the qi harvest fruit.

 Boom!

 Suddenly, with a loud explosion, the ground below the qi harvest fruit started to shake, earth qi started to rise up continuously.

 Fang Yuan started to collect the earth qi, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals around him also took action, some helped with the gathering while others set up small formations around the small holes that the earth qi emerged from.

 While Fang Yuan was setting up his formation, deep underground at another area of Heavenly Court, there was a huge underground square.

 Qing Chou’s mountain-like body was deep within this underground square, unmoving like a statue.

 Bam…

 Suddenly, a loud sound could be heard from afar.

 The underground square shook slightly, several cracks appeared on the ground.

 But Red Heart Traveler, who was defending this place, was not flustered, he immediately acted to stabilize the situation. The cracks on the ground could be seen disappearing at an observable rate.

 “What’s the commotion?” Qing Chou suddenly spoke, but strangely, its voice was actually Nine Spiritual Fairy’s.

 Nine Spiritual Fairy was actually inside Qing Chou’s body, trying to forcefully refine hatred Gu.

 “From this commotion, Qi Sea Ancestor must have started to create his formation. He used earth qi Immortal Gu as the first foundation of the formation, it involved the earth vein. Meanwhile, we are at one of the main earth veins, thus we could feel the influence.” Red Heart Traveler spoke: “Earlier, you were at a crucial moment, so I did not inform you of this. But don’t worry, this cannot interrupt our plan.”

 “Mm.” Nine Spiritual Fairy stopped worrying as she said: “Then let’s hurry up, if we can refine hatred Gu at the same time as the elimination of the qi harvest fruit, Heavenly Court will have a double celebration.”

 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals had already recovered from the trauma of the fate war, they became braver after the humiliation, they worked harder and had greater morale now.

 Days later, the qi path formation was created, Fang Yuan was the main user and activated his method to eliminate the qi harvest fruit.

 The qi harvest fruit was continuously shaved off from Fang Yuan’s killer move, but this qi harvest fruit in Heavenly Court was just too big, some time was needed to completely destroy it.

 Days passed, the qi harvest fruit was removed by over ten percent.

 Qin Ding Ling hurried to Fang Yuan as she showed a solemn expression: “Ancestor, the situation in Eastern Sea has changed, this is not good.”

 Fang Yuan looked shocked: “What happened?”

 “Wu Shuai suddenly led his alliance to launch an invasion, they have split into three groups, they are attacking the grotto-heaven forces that have submitted to our side. Because we were caught off guard, our losses are quite severe.” Qin Ding Ling said.

 “News that I came here should have been kept a secret. How did this happen? How did Wu Shuai find out so quickly?” Fang Yuan’s expression changed, there was anxiety in his tone.

 “Ancestor, you want to return to help Eastern Sea?” Qin Ding Ling purposely asked.

 “That is so.” Fang Yuan frowned: “But this method needs my full attention, if I stop halfway, there might be problematic consequences.”

 Qin Ding Ling cupped her fists at Fang Yuan: “Ancestor, please consider the big picture! It is unexpected that Wu Shuai attacked so soon, but if you return now, that will be what Wu Shuai wants to see. Only after eliminating the qi harvest fruit can we have a safe territory to count on. By then, you can lead our Heavenly Court’s immortals to return to Eastern Sea and retaliate, you can say that you went to seek reinforcement from Heavenly Court, but Wu Shuai attacked and trapped you temporarily. By gathering our strength, we will kill Wu Shuai and get rid of the two heavens alliance. That is the true way to seek victory.”

 Fang Yuan did not speak, he only looked at Qin Ding Ling deeply.

 Long after, he spoke in a grim tone: “Wu Shuai attacked with his full force, he must have been prepared for this. Does Heavenly Court know of their plans in advance?”

 “Definitely not.” Qin Ding Ling shook her head, showing a firm expression.

 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he showed a struggling expression as he sighed helplessly: “Forget it, I will stay here and control the formation until we get rid of the qi harvest fruit. But during this time, I need Heavenly Court to send people to assist Eastern Sea!”

 Qin Ding Ling sighed as well: “We will do our best.”

 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth as he said: “Once I get rid of the qi harvest fruit, I will need to return and help them. But these days of unceasingly controlling the formation will cause my battle strength to fall. I need Heavenly Court to give me the three qi Immortal Gu to kill the enemies and claim victory.”

 Qin Ding Ling’s expression changed, even though Fang Yuan spoke politely, his request for reward was really absurd, it far exceeded Qin Ding Ling’s bottom line.

 She rejected as she shook her head: “The three qi Immortal Gu are the treasures of Heavenly Court, only our members can…”

 Before she finished, Fang Yuan interrupted: “Eastern Sea’s immortals are all my subordinates.”

 Qin Ding Ling still shook her head: “We will remember ancestor’s sacrifice, but even as Heavenly Court’s leader, I cannot give you three rank eight Immortal Gu. At most, we can give you one as compensation.”

 “How can one Gu compensate for the people in the grotto-heavens?” Fang Yuan showed slight anger.

 Boom!

 While the two were negotiating, a loud sound could be heard in the sky.

 A rank eight Immortal Gu House directly charged in with a fierce aura!

 Heavenly Court’s immortals were all shocked.

 The Immortal Gu House that invaded Heavenly Court was Dragon Palace!

 “How can this be?!” Qin Ding Ling could not waste time with Fang Yuan anymore, she immediately flew out of the formation to face the enemies.

 Dragon Palace’s door opened as Wu Shuai sat on his throne, speaking from deep within Dragon Palace: “Qin Ding Ling, we meet again.”

 “Wu Shuai, why are you here?” Qin Ding Ling shouted as several Gu Immortals gathered behind her.

 Wu Shuai smiled coldly as he kicked a head that was near his feet.

 This head fell from the stairs of the dragon throne, rolling into Central Great Hall. The person had died with his eyes wide open, it was Night Heavenly Wolf Lord.

 “Old scoundrel Qi Sea can get rid of qi harvest fruits, your Heavenly Court wants to conceal this information and secretly eliminate your internal threat? Hehe, wishful thinking! I am here to destroy your Heavenly Court and also kill that old scoundrel Qi Sea, let’s see who in this world can stop my rise to supremacy!”

 Wu Shuai said that as he stood upright, he waved his hand and shouted: “Kill!”

 At the next moment, immortals rushed out of Dragon Palace, attacking with ferocious expressions.



***
Chapter 2026 Fang Yuan Appears


***





 



 Central Continent, deep beneath a certain Earth Trench.


 Fairy Zi Wei controlled the wisdom path formation, purple light flickered within it without spreading out.


 Within the formation, other than Bai Ning Bing, Hei Lou Lan, and Ying Wu Xie, there was Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit, as well as several other Gu Immortals.


 After the fate war, these Gu Immortals were all left outside by Fang Yuan.


 Fairy Zi Wei and the rest worked together with Bing Sai Chuan’s group, capturing all of these people.


 As the purple light faded, the formation stopped working, Fairy Miao Yin’s expression was uncertain while Lady White Rabbit had anger in her eyes, they were both unable to move.


 "Aren’t you surrendering?" Ying Wu Xie laughed coldly.


 "Hmph, you traitor!" Lady White Rabbit shouted angrily.


 Bai Ning Bing also came over with a cold and indifferent expression: "I would advise you to reconsider, after all, you have just lost your greatest value."


 Fairy Miao Yin heard this, she became more uncertain.


 At this moment, Fairy Zi Wei stored away the formation as she stood up. She was very weak now after using her full strength to make the deduction, the cost was high. But joy was apparent on her face.


 "It looks like she succeeded." Bing Sai Chuan was waiting outside the formation, he smiled upon seeing this.


 Hei Lou Lan walked towards Bing Sai Chuan from Fairy Zi Wei’s position, stopping behind him.


 Fairy Zi Wei smiled lightly: "We have enough clues, we achieved success! I have already deduced Fang Yuan’s location, guess where this crafty demon is hiding?"


 Bing Sai Chuan frowned: "Your question is an obvious hint in itself. Don’t tell me that this scoundrel Fang Yuan has been hiding in Heavenly Court?"


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: "According to my deductions, he is indeed in Heavenly Court now!"


 The immortals heard this and showed varying expressions.


 Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth: "He is crafty indeed, his departure from Heavenly Court earlier was just a smokescreen, he must have been hiding in Heavenly Court all along."


 Old Man Zheng Yuan sighed: "No wonder we could not find his main body!"


 Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly, praising: "Exciting! This is truly Fang Yuan’s attitude."


 Bing Sai Chuan frowned: "But how could he possibly hide until now without getting detected by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals?"


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes flickered with bright light: "I can only deduce that he is in Heavenly Court now, he might not have been there the entire time. But in terms of ability, this demon is unfathomable. His growth is too fast, every time he fights, his enemies will see an explosive growth in his strength."


 Bing Sai Chuan sighed: "Now that Fang Yuan is hiding in Heavenly Court, what can we do? Do we go and attack Heavenly Court? Should we inform Heavenly Court about this and let them kill him, but wouldn’t that allow them to get all of his inheritances?"


 Bing Sai Chuan represented Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they cared about the benefits of Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven. Furthermore, they had spent a lot of effort to deduce Fang Yuan’s location, telling Heavenly Court about it was quite a loss for them.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan reminded: "No matter what, we need to tell our master about this important information!"


 Fairy Zi Wei replied: "I have already reported it to master when I stored the formation away."


 Heavenly Court.


 Intense battle erupted.


 Boom!


 Lady Cold Ash dodged with rapid speed, avoiding the explosion of a killer move.


 She was the disguise of Spectral Soul, he had just received Fairy Zi Wei’s information, he was not in a good mood.


 "Fang Yuan is in Heavenly Court now? Of course he is, I knew about that long ago!"


 Memories surfaced in Spectral Soul’s mind regarding the event that happened days ago.


 The Gu Immortals were called to assemble in Dragon Palace, Wu Shuai used the excuse that they were going to discuss the matter about attacking Qi Sea Ancestor.


 But halfway through the meeting, Wu Shuai suddenly took action.


 Dragon Palace roared, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord was caught off guard, he was hit by the killer move dreamy light smoke and was taken down without putting up a fight.


 "Everyone, don’t panic, this person is a spy in our alliance, he is the informant of Heavenly Court." Wu Shuai pacified the immortals while taking out evidence.


 Looking at the concrete evidence, the immortals were shocked and furious, they wanted Night Wolf grotto-heaven to pay the price for this betrayal.


 Wu Shuai shook his head: "We definitely need to punish Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, but the urgent matter is not this. We need to look at the big picture!"


 Gu tribe’s leader frowned: "Lord Alliance Leader, because of this traitor Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, our plan to attack has been exposed. If we go ahead with it, we will no longer hit our enemies by surprise."


 Wu Shuai smiled grimly: "There is important information I have yet to tell you. Qi Sea Ancestor is not in Eastern Sea now, he has already gone to Central Continent’s Heavenly Court many days ago."


 "This is good news!" Many Gu Immortals heard this and rejoiced.


 But Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s expression was grim: "What’s good about this? The reason why we are attacking Qi Sea Ancestor is because of his ability to get rid of the qi harvest fruits for others. Now that he is not around, what is the point of our assault?"


 The Gu Immortals who cheered became stunned, after realizing the situation, the atmosphere in Dragon Palace became much grimmer.


 "Don’t worry, everyone." Wu Shuai spoke as everyone’s gazes landed on him.


 He continued: "It is quite simple to resolve this problem. Since Qi Sea Ancestor has gone to Central Continent’s Heavenly Court, we will also head to Heavenly Court and kill Qi Sea Ancestor who is over there!"


 "...What?"


 "This..."


 The Gu Immortals in the palace hesitated.


 "It is not easy to attack Heavenly Court."


 "Heavenly Court is the number one human force in the world, even though it lost in the fate war, we cannot possibly defeat it."


 Many Gu Immortals wanted to give up.


 But Wu Shuai snorted coldly: "You fools."


 He scolded them in public, the loud noises in the palace became silent, all of the Gu Immortals did not dare to speak anymore.


 "Why aren’t you thinking about the reason why Heavenly Court invited Qi Sea Ancestor to visit them in secret?" Wu Shuai purposely asked with a stiff expression.


 Xiao He Jian, who reacted quickly, said instantly: "Does this mean that Heavenly Court also has the problem of the qi harvest fruit?"


 Wu Shuai chuckled: "Your grotto-heavens have the problem of the qi harvest fruit, Heavenly Court is also a grotto-heaven situated in white heaven, why wouldn’t they have the same problem?"


 After hearing this, the immortals realized at once.


 This was actually just their own mentality. In their mind, Heavenly Court was the supreme organization, even though it lost the fate war, they still displayed terrifying might and foundation. They had only lost because of enemies like Fang Yuan and Red Lotus Demon Venerable. From the variant human Gu Immortals’ perspective, this was not an illogical loss, it did not undermine Heavenly Court’s terrifying strength.


 And because of this, the variant human Gu Immortals subconsciously thought that even if Heavenly Court had the problem of the qi harvest fruit, they could resolve it themselves, after all, Heavenly Court was created by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, who became venerable through qi path.


 "Lord Alliance Leader is wise!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch patted his forehead: "Heavenly Court invited Qi Sea Ancestor to resolve their threat of the qi harvest fruit, because even though they have their qi path inheritance, they lack a qi path Gu Immortal."


 "Also, why did Heavenly Court choose to ally with Qi Sea Ancestor? Other than wanting to resist us, they also want to alleviate their own problems."


 "Precisely." Wu Shuai looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch with an expression of praise: "You guys are not too stupid after all. Heavenly Court is at its weakest state now, while Qi Sea Ancestor has gone to resolve the qi harvest fruit problem. As long as we attack them during this period, the result will be shocking when we catch them unguarded!"


 "If we attack Heavenly Court before Qi Sea Ancestor starts working on the qi harvest fruit, we will attack the qi harvest fruit and force them to go on the defensive. This way, we will hold the initiative and be able to retreat or advance at will."


 "If Qi Sea Ancestor is using his killer move to eliminate the qi harvest fruit while we attack Heavenly Court, that will be even better! We can disrupt him with our full strength and cause Qi Sea Ancestor’s killer move to fail and suffer a backlash. If we work harder, we might be able to kill him on the spot."


 Wu Shuai said calmly.


 "But what if Qi Sea Ancestor has already gotten rid of the qi harvest fruit by the time we attack Heavenly Court?" A Gu Immortal asked with caution.


 Wu Shuai snorted coldly: "Heavenly Court’s foundation is too deep, their qi harvest fruit is also very extraordinary, if Qi Sea Ancestor spends effort to get rid of it, his own condition will definitely slip. Of course, this is just the worst case scenario, but we are in an urgent situation in the first place, we will need to take risks for any hope. Other than this, do you have other ideas?"


 Facing Wu Shuai’s question, everyone was silent.


 In this situation, they had no choice but to follow Wu Shuai and attack Heavenly Court.


 But...


 Many of the Gu Immortals were still hesitant, including their vice alliance leaders, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian.


 "Or perhaps, we can try to experiment and find a way to get rid of the qi harvest fruit?" A Gu Immortal asked softly.


 Wu Shuai’s expression sank a little, he scolded in his head: "These variant human Gu Immortals have been cowards for too long, they have absolutely no courage to take risks."


 But Wu Shuai predicted this earlier, he started to laugh.


 "Why is Lord Alliance Leader laughing?" Gu tribe’s leader asked.


 Wu Shuai stopped his laughter as he said: "The truth is, I am also worried about bringing you fools to attack Heavenly Court. But I have invited a strong reinforcement to help us, because of him, I learned about Night Heavenly Wolf Lord’s betrayal."


 "Oh? Who?" The immortals were curious.


 Lady Cold Ash’s gaze flickered, having a guess.


 At this moment, from behind Wu Shuai, a Gu Immortal walked out. He wore a white robe, his black hair extended to his waist, he had a peerless face with divine brilliance, cold light oozed out of his abyss-like eyes.


 "Ahhh!"


 "Fang Yuan..."


 "It’s him, it really is him."


 The immortals’ pupils shrunk as their expressions changed, all of them were shocked.


 Under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan spoke slowly in a cold tone: "Heavenly Court has gone too far, now that I have regained my strength, I am about to attack them. Without Duke Long, who can stop me?"


 His voice resounded in the palace, nobody dared to retort to him. Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest had palpitating hearts, with a monster like Fang Yuan leading them, they gained a huge boost in morale and confidence!


 Fang Yuan was someone who had defeated Heavenly Court, his battle strength was apparent to the whole world!


 Undeniably, he was the number one demon in the current world.



***
Chapter 2027 Heavenly Courts Crisis


***





 



 Roar—!


 The Evil Dragon’s roar shook heaven and earth, whipping up storms and clouds. Its mountain range-like body moved at the front, followed by the immortals of the two heavens alliance, and finally, Dragon Palace at the end.


 Primordial qi wall!


 This was the method left by Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, it appeared once again when Heavenly Court was attacked, but it could not stop Di Zang Sheng’s advancement!


 "The five regions became one, this Evil Dragon has gotten much stronger! Furthermore... ever since the fate war, after Fang Yuan broke the primordial qi wall, even though it recovered a little, it is much weaker than before." Qin Ding Ling frowned, she quickly analyzed the situation, with just the primordial qi wall, they could stall for some time but they could not stop this Evil Dragon!


 "Lady Qin, do you need me to battle?" At this moment, Nine Spiritual Fairy transmitted and asked.


 Heavenly Court once had transformation path great experts, Zhang Fei Xiong and Flesh Whip Immortal, but now they were dead, Nine Spiritual Fairy was the only transformation path great expert left.


 "No, we are only one step away from subduing Qing Chou, continue to refine hatred Gu." Qin Ding Ling transmitted before shouting: "Shabi Ninety-five, Ruan Dan, aren’t you going to fight yet?!"


 Hearing a tiger roar and crane cry at once, two legendary immemorial desolate beasts appeared in front of Di Zang Sheng.


 The three legendary immemorial desolate beasts fought intensely, causing the entire place to rumble.


 After just a few rounds, Ruan Dan and Shabi Ninety-five started to retreat. They were in pitiful states, with just physical brawling, they were not Di Zang Sheng’s match.


 Thus, they started to use killer moves, instantly, grey light shot out like blades, pill light exploded.


 Di Zang Sheng roared, purple-gold light appeared on its body, blocking all of the offensive killer moves.


 Next, the golden light faded away. Di Zang Sheng’s whiskers grew out rapidly, each of them shot out like countless snakes, the commotion was huge.


 Facing this attack, Shabi Ninety-five and Ruan Dan had to retreat.


 "This Evil Dragon actually has Immortal Gu now, it can use killer moves!" Qin Ding Ling’s heart sank, she took a look at Dragon Palace.


 Di Zang Sheng was a legendary immemorial beast to begin with, it had superior intelligence and could use Gu worms to activate killer moves. But before the fate war, it was enslaved by Dragon Palace and had no time to obtain Gu worms. Thus, during the fate war, it could only fight using its physical body. That was why it could not resist Feng Jiu Ge’s destiny song, it was handled very quickly, even against other killer moves, it could only resist using its body.


 But after the fate war, Wu Shuai made considerations to prepare Gu worms for Di Zang Sheng.


 At that time, Wu Shuai was quite poor, he did not have excessive Immortal Gu.


 Even though the main body had many Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan was moving around in Western Desert, he did not meet with Wu Shuai initially, also, even though he had Immortal Gu, they were not suitable for Di Zang Sheng.


 But Wu Shuai had great luck, he grasped onto his opportunity and became the leader of the two heavens alliance.


 With sufficient resources, Wu Shuai started to equip Di Zang Sheng. By now, Wu Shuai and his main body had taken over the two heavens alliance, by using the excuse of eliminating the qi harvest fruit, he destroyed several grotto-heavens and made forceful transactions with the Gu Immortals of the two heavens alliance, Di Zang Sheng finally gathered enough Gu worms to form some basic killer moves.


 Di Zang Sheng suppressed Ruan Dan and Shabi Ninety-five, forcing them to retreat as it charged forward ferociously.


 Qin Ding Ling yelled as she flew up into an Immortal Gu House. Several Immortal Gu Houses flew towards Di Zang Sheng, they formed a defensive line.


 Di Zang Sheng’s advancement was halted, Shabi Ninety-five and Ruan Dan also joined the encirclement.


 "We finally stopped it!" Qin Ding Ling calmed down slightly, but at this moment, she saw Dragon Palace flying around, towards the qi harvest fruit.


 Heavenly Court’s qi harvest fruit was too huge and too eye-catching!


 Wu Shuai was too vicious, he attacked the enemy’s weakness, Qin Ding Ling’s expression changed as she quickly moved a portion of the Immortal Gu Houses to block Dragon Palace.


 "The situation is critical, if the qi harvest fruit is destroyed, the whole of Heavenly Court will face destruction! Quickly awaken the people sleeping in the immortal graveyard!" Zhou Xiong Xin urged.


 "Or we can let Nine Spiritual Fairy and Red Heart Traveler join the fight!" Bai Cang Shui suggested.


 Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth, deciding: "Awaken those in our immortal graveyard!"


 More than half of Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard was destroyed, there were only a small number of Gu Immortals left sleeping in it. But with the awakening of these people, they formed sufficient force to handle the pressure, their defensive line that was precarious became stable now.


 "Go and attack the qi harvest fruit!" Wu Shuai gave an order to the alliance army.


 These Gu Immortals had dispersed earlier, they were like scattered sand, trying to make their way through the qi wall and towards the qi harvest fruit.


 Seeing this, Qin Ding Ling felt enraged, she gritted her teeth, she was furious: "I will grind the bones of these variant humans into ash, I will kill them all!"


 The two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals were not very strong but they had the numbers, and right now, Heavenly Court’s weakness was their lack of manpower.


 "Don’t worry, there are many variant human Gu Immortals but they are all cowards. As long as we send one person to kill several of these invaders, they will lose their morale and not dare to progress further!" Prince Feng Xian suggested.


 "Who can take on the task?" Qin Ding Ling quickly asked.


 Che Wei replied with his actions, he turned into a flash of light and flew out of the Immortal Gu House, towards the qi harvest fruit.


 "Die!" He flew like a great eagle, unleashing killer moves that were extremely powerful, his might could not be resisted.


 "Ahh—!"


 "What killer move is this?"


 Out of two variant human Gu Immortals, one was heavily injured, the other was killed on the spot.


 At the crucial moment, Che Wei displayed outstanding battle strength, both sides were similarly shocked.


 After all, he had just defeated two variant human Gu Immortals with rank eight cultivation level.


 "That killer move seems to be from a whole new path?"


 "Too terrifying. Before we can understand its background, if I charge towards him, I will definitely be split into two by his blade."


 "Let’s wait for Fang Yuan to attack instead!"


 The Gu Immortals of the two heavens alliance were hesitant, they stopped moving forward.


 "These useless trash!" In the depth of Dragon Palace, Wu Shuai frowned with anger showing on his face.


 At the crucial moment, these variant human Gu Immortals were completely useless, they were not even qualified to be cannon fodder.


 But Wu Shuai was prepared for this, he waved his hand: "Your turn to fight!"


 Four figures flew out of Dragon Palace, they were the Four Dragon Generals, Zhang Yin, Granny Rong, Yang Zi He, and Old Man Bei Feng, who took the place of Shi Miao.


 These four rank eight Gu Immortals were enslaved by Dragon Palace, they had absolute loyalty and did not fear death, they split up into four different directions and advanced.


 Even though Che Wei was strong, he could only block one person.


 "Protect me!" Qi Sea Ancestor transmitted to Qin Ding Ling: "Now is a crucial moment, if we stop here, the consequences will be unthinkable."


 Qin Ding Ling almost wanted to grit her teeth till they shattered, the three dragon generals were very close to the qi harvest fruit, she had to take a risk and mobilize Immortal Gu Houses to block them.


 At the same time, two Gu Immortals flew out of the Immortal Gu Houses to resist the dragon generals.


 Roar—!


 Right when Heavenly Court managed to block the Four Dragon Generals, over on Dragon Palace’s end, it exerted force to stop Ruan Dan. Using this chance, Di Zang Sheng rammed Shabi Ninety-five away as it charged forward, managing to reach the qi harvest fruit.


 Di Zang Sheng opened its mouth and spat out a torrent of green qi.


 The green qi shattered the immortal formation and hit the qi harvest fruit.


 The qi harvest fruit shook intensely, Qi Sea Ancestor’s expression changed, he spat out a mouthful of blood, the killer move was halted, he seemed to have suffered great backlash.


 "Oh no!" The expressions of Heavenly Court’s immortals changed.


 "We succeeded!" The subordinates of Wu Shuai started to cheer, their morale rose.


 The qi harvest fruit was damaged, it implicated Heavenly Court. The land of Heavenly Court cracked, Earth Trenches appeared, earth qi rumbled, heaven qi shook, the sky became chaotic as countless clouds and gusts of wind stirred.


 Crack, crack.


 The aperture wall of Heavenly Court started to crack, large pieces of the wall fragments fell off and created huge holes that connected to the outside world.


 Even the fate war did not deal such great damage to Heavenly Court!


 The appearance of the qi harvest fruit created a fatal weakness in Heavenly Court.


 "Die!" Che Wei was enraged, his left hand was like a blade, his right hand was like a spear, both hands pushed forward as two golden-silver lights pierced Yang Zi He.


 Yang Zi He died!


 Wu Shuai laughed loudly, shouting: "Today is the day Heavenly Court faces destruction."


 Qin Ding Ling’s eyelids twitched, even though Wu Shuai’s side suffered more losses, he was not wrong about it. With their greatest weakness, the qi harvest fruit, Wu Shuai had the initiative in this battle!


 "Heavenly Court is facing a crisis, what should we do?" Even someone like Qin Ding Ling felt lost at this moment.


 Amidst her feeling of loss, she also felt fear: "Don’t tell me Heavenly Court is going to be destroyed in my hands?"


 Right at this moment, Qi Sea Ancestor transmitted to her: "The situation is quite critical, we need to take a risk."


 Qin Ding Ling responded subconsciously: "What risk?"


 "Earlier, my qi path Immortal Gu were destroyed, I can no longer use the previous method to eliminate the qi harvest fruit. But I had created a killer move that is incomplete, it can cause the qi harvest fruit to shrink temporarily." Qi Sea Ancestor said.


 Qin Ding Ling’s eyes shined, she saw hope in this desperate situation, she quickly said: "Ancestor, please use it! As long as we get through this crisis, Heavenly Court will not disappoint you."


 Heavenly Court’s greatest problem was the qi harvest fruit now. It was too big, like a mountain range, it was the biggest target for killer moves. But if it shrunk, it would be much easier to protect.


 "We need to be fast, this killer move is not complete, I can only hold on for some time." Qi Sea Ancestor said as he flew towards the qi harvest fruit.


 When he was about to crash into it, he turned into a human-shaped qi current that fused into the qi harvest fruit.


 The qi harvest fruit shook, as expected, it started to shrink.


 After a few breaths of time, it went from a mountain range-like size into the size of a horse carriage.


 This change made the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals surprised but also happy.


 An Immortal Gu House flew down and floated above the qi harvest fruit, it shot out a grand pillar of light that enveloped the entire qi harvest fruit.


 Wu Shuai’s side rained down a torrent of killer moves but they could not affect the pillar of light at all.


 Di Zang Sheng and Dragon Palace arrived again.


 "Stop them!" Qin Ding Ling shouted, but their situation was too passive, they had no choice but to retreat.


 The qi harvest fruit shrank again, it went from a horse carriage to the size of a normal gourd.


 Seeing that they were about to lose again, Qin Ding Ling quickly asked: "Ancestor, can you move the qi harvest fruit away?"


 Qi Sea Ancestor replied weakly: "This is already my limit! I researched on Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s revival method, I can only shrink the fruit but I cannot move it. This method has only been created haphazardly, it is not complete, you need to quickly think of a solution!"


 Qin Ding Ling was out of ideas already, she originally wanted to send the members of the ten great ancient sects here to fight. But Central Heaven Gate of Heavenly Court, which could deploy members, was destroyed by Fairy Zi Wei during the fate war.


 But at the next moment, the primordial qi wall shattered, countless qi currents landed on Di Zang Sheng’s body.


 Di Zang Sheng’s battle strength fell rapidly, its threat level was lowered.


 This was the backup method of Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, it was used on Fang Yuan during the fate war. At that time, Fang Yuan could not break away from it, Limitless Demon Venerable had to take action to help him block these qi currents.


 But now, the chess game had ended, the two venerables’ silhouettes were gone, there was nothing that could help Di Zang Sheng.


 In an instant, Di Zang Sheng was suppressed by Shabi Ninety-five.


 Heavenly Court’s crisis was temporarily alleviated.


 On Wu Shuai’s side, they lost their most important battle strength, Dragon Palace had to step up and use the killer move dreamy light smoke, as Heavenly Court had no way of countering it, Dragon Palace’s demonic might surged.


 "This cannot go on, our Heavenly Court lacks people with peak battle strength after all!" Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth.


 If Duke Long was here, how could these enemies act so ferociously?


 "Qi Sea Ancestor has peak battle strength too but he faced backlash from the failure of the killer move. He is also not a member of Heavenly Court, why would he fight to the death for us?"


 While Qin Ding Ling was thinking of this, Qi Sea Ancestor transmitted again.


 "The biggest key now is to get rid of the qi harvest fruit. As long as it is removed, we can go on the offensive without worries. There is still hope now, my killer move only lacks the final part for completion! There is a high chance of success."


 Qin Ding Ling’s heart shook: "What do you need?"


 Qi Sea Ancestor replied: "I need Heavenly Court’s heaven path true meaning, I need to raise my heaven path attainment level and conceptualize the complete killer move rapidly to get rid of the qi harvest fruit!"



***
Chapter 2028 Heaven Path Research Results


***





 



 After hearing that Qi Sea Ancestor wanted heaven path true meaning, Qin Ding Ling smiled bitterly: "Even though Heavenly Court has deep foundations, we have never seen nor heard of heaven path true meaning."


 "Oh? Why is that so?" Qi Sea Ancestor asked.


 "Because nobody can cultivate heaven path. If it can be cultivated, why would our Heavenly Court create Heaven Overseeing Tower to make use of fate Gu?" Qin Ding Ling’s words were filled with deep emotions.


 No Gu Immortal could cultivate heaven path, therefore, heaven path true meaning had never existed!


 It was not easy for a Gu Immortal to leave behind true meaning.


 To leave behind true meaning, wisdom path and rule path had the greatest ease. As for other paths, they had to reach a certain level of mimicking these paths to leave their true meaning behind. For example, Long Hair Ancestor’s refinement path true meaning or Reckless Savage’s transformation path true meaning.


 After hearing Qin Ding Ling’s reply, Fang Yuan did not feel dejected.


 He came prepared, his request was actually his probing towards Heavenly Court’s foundation, what if they had it after all?


 Heavenly Court not having heaven path true meaning was not unexpected.


 Qi Sea Ancestor (Fang Yuan) sighed deeply as he transmitted to Qin Ding Ling: "Then there is no hope. I can only come out and fight alongside Heavenly Court to kill these variant humans."


 Qin Ding Ling instantly became anxious.


 The qi harvest fruit was Heavenly Court’s fatal weakness, the reason why they could still maintain a deadlock was because Qi Sea Ancestor made the fruit smaller. Once he lets go and it returns to being mountain size, Heavenly Court would be in a difficult spot, the situation would be hard to turn around.


 Qin Ding Ling was facing immense pressure now.


 Some of her pressure came from the enemies, but a portion came from within her.


 After the fate war, the immortal graveyard was heavily damaged, Heavenly Court’s foundation was reduced, Qin Ding Ling had to take on this responsibility and manage all the affairs of Heavenly Court, which was on the brink of destruction.


 She worked hard over these days, she had given it her all, she exerted her body and mind for Heavenly Court, trying to restore its former glory.


 Similar to the other Heavenly Court members, Qin Ding Ling had an intense feeling of belonging to Heavenly Court.


 But now, the enemies were attacking suddenly, they even had the fatal weakness of the qi harvest fruit, Qin Ding Ling sensed a huge danger: "Was Heavenly Court going to be destroyed in this fight? Was it because of her failure to defend it, would she be the biggest sinner of Heavenly Court’s history?"


 Rumble!


 The intense battle continued, Dragon Palace rampaged unhindered.


 Qin Ding Ling took charge of the situation, observing the battlefield, while mobilizing the people and communicating with Qi Sea Ancestor.


 With both internal and external threats, the pressure was pushing her to make a gamble.


 "Qi Sea, do not give up. Even though Heavenly Court does not have heaven path true meaning, we have abundant heaven path research results. I will hand them to you!"


 Qin Ding Ling passed an information path Immortal Gu to Qi Sea Ancestor without hesitation.


 "My plan succeeded!" Fang Yuan received this information path Immortal Gu, he sighed deeply in his heart as he looked into it immediately.


 "Brilliant! Wonderful! Astounding!" Fang Yuan only saw a small portion but his eyes shined with bright light, he praised it continuously in his heart.


 For the last three million years, Heavenly Court rose to become the number one human force in the world. These years, they initially followed the will of heaven, before trying to resist it later, followed by altering heaven’s will and interfering with the Heavenly Dao.


 Their heaven path research results were abundant, they undeniably had the most progress in the world!


 Fate Gu was a heaven path Immortal Gu, it could not be used by anyone. But Heavenly Court forcibly created Heaven Overseeing Tower and unleashed a portion of fate Gu’s might.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, why did Spectral Soul infiltrate Heavenly Court? A large portion of the reasons were to try obtaining the heaven path research results!


 As for why Limitless Demon Venerable decided to make a bet with Star Constellation’s will and set up a game of chess, wasn’t it because he wanted to use Heavenly Court’s heaven path research results to help in his plan within Crazed Demon Cave?


 And now, they ended up in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Fang Yuan looked into them, his heart shook.


 He saw two killer moves.


 One was named heaven-human sensation, the other was called human executing heaven’s work, they were both created by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Heaven-human sensation allowed a Gu Immortal’s will to interact and fuse with heaven’s will. Human executing heaven’s work was built on the foundation of heaven-human sensation, it allowed a Gu Immortal to replace heaven’s will to a certain degree.


 Precisely because of these two killer moves, Star Constellation’s will could interfere and affect heaven’s will, she could even replace heaven’s will to control fate Gu and allow Heavenly Court to have a decisive rule for three million years!


 "The solution lies in this!" Fang Yuan acutely sensed that these two killer moves were the key to breaking out of his current predicament.


 He took a risk to come to Heavenly Court now and deceive Qin Ding Ling, it was to achieve his goals, which were finally reached.


 "Qi Sea, I wonder if these research results can help you complete the killer move?" Qin Ding Ling asked while in intense battle.


 Fang Yuan coughed: "Your heaven path research results are quite helpful to me. But modifying a killer move right now carries risk, I need you to fight and stall for time, get me as much time as possible."


 Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth: "Ancestor, you need to be fast, we can only do our best. In the worst case, we have to give up Heavenly Court and save the Gu Immortals instead."


 She had already made plans for the worst case scenario.


 Fang Yuan continued to read.


 Following the two killer moves were the concepts that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable came up with, Fang Yuan looked at them and gained deep enlightenment.


 "My will represents heaven’s will, heaven’s will represents my will... so that’s it, so that’s it."


 Fang Yuan remained stationary as he focused on comprehending this information, he allowed his clone, Wu Shuai, to continue leading the two heavens alliance to fight against Heavenly Court.


 Because of Primordial Origin’s method, Di Zang Sheng was no longer as strong, Ruan Dan suppressed it. As for Shabi Ninety-five, it had already rejoined the defensive line, to become part of the force that resisted Dragon Palace.


 Under Wu Shuai’s control, Dragon Palace charged around the battlefield unhindered, Heavenly Court was greatly troubled by its power.


 But on the other hand, the Gu Immortals of the two heavens alliance were suppressed, they were not as powerful as each Heavenly Court Gu Immortal.


 Compared to the Heavenly Court members, they were lacking in strength. Only two people had equivalent battle strength, they were the two vice alliance leaders, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian.


 As for Spectral Soul, who was pretending to be Lady Cold Ash, he continued to conceal himself, on the surface, he was desperately fighting and unable to put up strong resistance.


 "This is a prime opportunity! Fairy Zi Wei, bring everyone and participate in the battle in Heavenly Court!" Spectral Soul gave instructions: "Fang Yuan is in Heavenly Court, I will kill him, the members of Heavenly Court, and Qi Sea Ancestor."


 Fairy Zi Wei received the instructions and asked: "Do we include Longevity Heaven’s group? Do we tell them about the situation in Heavenly Court?"


 Fairy Zi Wei had only deduced Fang Yuan’s location, Bing Sai Chuan knew about it too. But he did not know about Heavenly Court’s current situation, he just thought that they were being cautious.


 In that case, Bing Sai Chuan would need to conceal the information of Fang Yuan’s location. Even though he wanted to let them fight each other as well, if Heavenly Court captures or kills Fang Yuan, they would gain all of his inheritances and Immortal Gu, wouldn’t that be benefiting them?


 Thus, Bing Sai Chuan’s plan was to continue working with Spectral Soul’s side and try to attack Heavenly Court together next time.


 Spectral Soul recalled the attack from Giant Sun during the fate war and snorted coldly, he did not hesitate: "No need to tell them, hide this from them, your group will come alone!"


 Thus, Fairy Zi Wei did not say anything, after leaving Bing Sai Chuan’s group, her group headed towards Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court was damaged and the aperture wall was cracked, it became connected to the outside world. Fairy Zi Wei and the rest could get in very quickly.


 "Fairy Zi Wei’s group cannot turn the situation around, we need to wait until both sides suffer mutual loss before we can exert the maximum impact." Spectral Soul considered.


 For him, the best case was for Wu Shuai and Heavenly Court to cripple each other’s battle strength. By then, if he took action, he would reap huge gains.


 "But why hasn’t that scoundrel Fang Yuan done anything?" Spectral Soul observed Dragon Palace while at the same time, an Immortal Gu House from Heavenly Court attacked him.


 Spectral Soul withheld his killing intent, he abandoned a group of soul beasts, retreating continuously.


 In order to lay low, he decided to wait and endure.


 But this Immortal Gu House came for him and used a killer move, a ray of profound light shot out towards Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul’s heart shook as he hesitated. He had the ability to dodge this but Lady Cold Ash did not. There was no choice, he abandoned another group of soul beasts to block the Immortal Gu House and stall for time.


 "Die!" Che Wei suddenly appeared behind Lady Cold Ash, his body shined in golden light, his aura was sharp as a blade.


 "Do you really think I’m easy to bully?" Spectral Soul was deeply enraged but he decided to keep up the act.


 Boom!


 Che Wei’s attack landed on Lady Cold Ash, she fell towards the ground as she coughed out mouthfuls of blood.


 Lady Cold Ash’s aura weakened continuously until it was completely still.


 "Dead!"


 "I killed another one."


 Che Wei did not sense Spectral Soul, he flew away in the Immortal Gu House, towards the other areas of the battlefield.


 Spectral Soul remained on the ground like a corpse, not moving and pretending to be dead.


 Boom boom boom!


 A while after he landed on the ground, a series of immortal killer moves turned into lightning as they shot down, erupting around Spectral Soul’s body.


 Lady Cold Ash was turned into char, half of her flesh was cooked and emitted the fragrance of meat.


 "I’ll endure!" Spectral Soul gritted his teeth.


 Bam.


 With a loud sound, Di Zang Sheng also fell, it landed on top of Spectral Soul.


 Next, Ruan Dan flew towards Di Zang Sheng and shouted excitedly: "Attack, attack, attack, attack, attack!"


 Bam bam bam...


 The ground shook intensely, Spectral Soul’s bones were almost all crushed: "I’ll endure!"


 Di Zang Sheng and Ruan Dan flew away, soon, an Immortal Gu House came.


 It was Dragon Palace.


 Immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!


 Wu Shuai used a dream path killer move and chased after Qin Ding Ling relentlessly.


 Qin Ding Ling dodged the attack rapidly, the dreamy smoke killer move could not turn around in time, it was about to land on Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul: "..."


 "Enough is enough!" At the next moment, he rose up abruptly, waving his hand, black qi permeated throughout the entire battlefield.


 Whoosh, the ground shook, mountains rumbled, all of the Gu Immortals present were blown away by the impact.



***
Chapter 2029 Whats The Situation?


***





 



 "What... what’s the situation?" As black qi surged, Xiao He Jian was forced to retreat with shock on his face.


 He saw the moment when Lady Cold Ash was killed by Che Wei, he felt a little pity for her. To think that soon after, she would actually revive!


 "Was she pretending to be dead earlier, but because of bad luck, the dream path killer move almost hit her, so she had to retaliate? But... why does Lady Cold Ash have such battle strength?"


 Not only was Xiao He Jian shocked, the other Gu Immortals had the same doubts.


 But compared to Heavenly Court, the two heavens alliance was also filled with joy. After all, even though Lady Cold Ash was deeply concealing her strength, she was still one of them.


 "That hit earlier has power similar to Duke Long. Is Lady Cold Ash someone on Duke Long’s level? Hmph, I refuse to believe it!" A Gu Immortal on Heavenly Court’s side flew out again, it was none other than Che Wei, who was displaying great might in this battle.


 Che Wei flew towards Lady Cold Ash, all sorts of signs showed that the move earlier was Lady Cold Ash’s trump card, it could not be used often.


 "Die!" Che Wei’s body radiated with golden light as he flew towards Lady Cold Ash like a crashing meteor.


 At the same time, somewhere underground far from the battlefield.


 Two Heavenly Court members were still trying to forcefully refine hatred Gu.


 Red Heart Traveler controlled the formation while Qing Chou remained unmoving like a statue.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy’s voice came from within the statue: "We are almost done, in just a few more minutes, we will thoroughly refine hatred Gu!"


 Once she said that, Qing Chou’s dim eyes burst open, endless blood red light shot out of its eyes!


 "What is going on?" Nine Spiritual Fairy shouted in shock.


 "What happened?" Red Heart Traveler asked while instilling immortal essence, raising the power of the immortal formation.


 But Qing Chou’s body started to shake with greater intensity.


 "It’s hatred Gu... oh no!" Nine Spiritual Fairy suddenly shouted, she flew out of Qing Chou’s body like a flash of light.


 Roar—!


 Qing Chou regained freedom, it roared towards the sky, its voice resounded throughout the area, exploding with thunderous impact.


 Boom!


 At the next moment, Qing Chou charged out of the formation, flying towards the surface, leaving behind a damaged formation and two immensely shocked Heavenly Court rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Red Heart Traveler, who was controlling the formation, suffered a considerable backlash, he quickly assisted the falling Nine Spiritual Fairy as he asked: "Qing Chou has flown to the battlefield, what in the world happened?"


 Nine Spiritual Fairy was still in a daze, she said in uncertainty: "Maybe I saw wrongly, but at that moment, rank eight hatred Immortal Gu burst out with terrifying power, it... it had a trace of a rank nine Immortal Gu’s aura!"


 At this time, the battlefield had already shifted its attention from Dragon Palace and the qi harvest fruit to Lady Cold Ash.


 Lady Cold Ash’s attack was too powerful, it shocked all of the Gu Immortals.


 Che Wei arrived before her, Lady Cold Ash only snorted coldly as her body flew up, turning into black light as she charged towards Dragon Palace!


 At the same time, Lady Cold Ash shouted in a loud voice: "Fang Yuan, it is time for us to settle the score!"


 Spectral Soul had a straightforward idea, since Fang Yuan was not showing up, he would force him out.


 Times were different now.


 During the fate war, Spectral Soul was very weak, he could only escape and recuperate using Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan’s strength. But now, he had already gained much of his strength, he was no longer weak.


 "What is going on?" The immortals were truly stunned.


 Lady Cold Ash actually ignored Che Wei, she went straight for Dragon Palace!


 "Internal strife?" Che Wei’s movement halted for a moment.


 "Wait and see first, this might be their scheme!" Qin Ding Ling wanted to play safe, she got the immortals to gather.


 Wu Shuai frowned, he moved Dragon Palace to retreat.


 But Lady Cold Ash was faster!


 She placed her palm at the top of Dragon Palace.


 It seemed like a weak action but it made the entire Dragon Palace fly out like a cannonball.


 At the same time, the silhouettes of immemorial soul beasts appeared on the surface of Dragon Palace.


 Roar roar roar...


 Each immemorial soul beast silhouette that flickered would deal a huge attack to Dragon Palace. After more than ten immemorial soul beasts appeared, there was already a huge hole at the top of Dragon Palace, the pillars broke and tiles cracked, it was a terrifying sight.


 Che Wei watched with sweat on his forehead, he knew the power of Dragon Palace, but Lady Cold Ash had dealt such damage to it with just one palm strike.


 "So Lady Cold Ash is actually so strong! I was simply courting death earlier by attacking her." Che Wei immediately changed directions as he retreated.


 "Lady Cold Ash, what are you doing?!" Xiao He Jian shouted.


 "What soul path killer move is this, it has such power..." Even though Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch showed an angry expression, he was enveloped in cold sweat.


 Dragon Palace was still retreating.


 "Can you escape?" Lady Cold Ash smiled coldly, she was about to attack again when a huge shadow enshrouded her body.


 Lady Cold Ash turned back to take a look, she saw Qing Chou, having the size of a mountain, it had gotten close to her at some point, opening its bloodthirsty mouth as it tried to devour her.


 "Hmm?" Seeing this, even Lady Cold Ash’s gaze froze for a second.


 Spectral Soul was aware of Qing Chou’s existence. But he did not expect to meet Qing Chou at this place and time.


 Seeing that Lady Cold Ash was about to die, suddenly, her body turned into black smoke as she drifted away, dodging Qing Chou’s attack.


 "Beast, scram!" Lady Cold Ash shouted, she stretched out her hand and placed it on Qing Chou’s head.


 The scene from earlier was seen again, immemorial soul beast silhouettes appeared around Qing Chou as they flickered.


 Bam bam bam...


 Each time a silhouette appeared, an explosive sound would follow.


 Qing Chou was soon covered in injuries but it did not retreat even in the danger of death!


 Spectral Soul was just about to chase after Dragon Palace when Qing Chou blocked his path again.


 "Spectral Soul, I will kill you, I will kill you!" Qing Chou shouted as it pounced at Lady Cold Ash.


 Spectral Soul was enraged: "I have no time to waste with you."


 He controlled Lady Cold Ash’s body as he prepared a terrifying killer move. Black smoke started to come out of Lady Cold Ash’s seven orifices, her aura was growing at a terrifying manner.


 Black smoke gathered and moved towards Qing Chou.


 Qing Chou’s offensive killer move went into the black smoke.


 After a breath’s time, the black smoke scattered, Qing Chou’s killer move landed on Lady Cold Ash without becoming weaker at all.


 Lady Cold Ash’s expression turned to shock, she was sent flying after being caught off guard.


 "Rank nine Immortal Gu? No, just an incomplete product." Lady Cold Ash swallowed a mouthful of blood, she squinted her eyes and looked at Qing Chou, her expression was stern.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy had just arrived in the battlefield, her pupils shrunk: "I did not sense wrongly, rank eight hatred Gu is going to become rank nine!"


 "Qing Chou originated from the souls that Spectral Soul slaughtered. The core Immortal Gu that created Qing Chou was hatred Gu, but hatred Gu and Qing Chou had an extraordinary connection. Not only did hatred Gu create Qing Chou, Qing Chou is also nourishing and nurturing hatred Gu."


 "Maybe hatred Gu was just rank six, or even four or five at the start. But as Qing Chou grew, its endless hatred allowed hatred Gu to continuously grow until now. It is already moving from rank eight to rank nine!"


 Rank nine hatred Gu!



***
Chapter 2030 Spectral Souls Demonic Migh


***





 



 What was this situation?


 Seeing that Lady Cold Ash got sent flying by Qing Chou, the immortals present were stunned.


 The rank nine Immortal Gu aura was not fake, but it was too weak, the main part of the aura was still at the level of rank eight Immortal Gu. This was something that was unheard of.


 An incomplete rank nine Immortal Gu?


 All the immortals were bewildered.


 Gu refinement had always been a strict process, be they human or hairy man refinement methods, they had their specifications.


 This was true for both Fang Yuan and Long Hair Ancestor. There had never been a case where a Gu worm could still be used in battle during refinement.


 But the truth was in front of them, the immortals had to admit the fact.


 "What refinement method is this?" Many Gu Immortals became quite excited: "This will start a new trend of refinement path!"


 "Spectral Soul? Qing Chou possesses hatred Gu, it should not be wrong. To think that Lady Cold Ash’s body was actually taken over by Spectral Soul."


 "Seeing what Spectral Soul said, it seems that Fang Yuan is here too, hiding in Dragon Palace?"


 The Gu Immortals were startled and puzzled.


 Too many unexpected incidents had happened in this battle. Heavenly Court, the two heavens, Spectral Soul, and Fang Yuan all had their own plans, nobody knew the entire situation clearly. Even though Fang Yuan was reborn, he was the same.


 Spectral Soul’s identity was exposed, Fang Yuan felt quite relieved about it.


 Dragon Palace retreated even more quickly. Wu Shuai recalled the three dragon generals, at the same time, the Gu Immortals of the two heavens alliance guarded Dragon Palace against Spectral Soul.


 Wu Shuai did not dare to risk letting the immortals of the two heavens alliance into his Dragon Palace, the appearance of Spectral Soul made everyone else suspicious as well.


 "I can’t wait anymore..." Qi Sea Ancestor (Fang Yuan) gritted his teeth before activating his hidden method. He was originally intending to wait some more, but with Spectral Soul’s appearance and Qing Chou’s assault, he understood that the situation was out of his control, he needed to act quickly!


 Fang Yuan immediately contacted Qin Ding Ling: "The modification has some results, protect me well, we will go into the critical period now!"


 "Understood!" Joy flashed on Qin Ding Ling’s face, this was the best news she had heard since the battle started.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals shrunk back to form a tight defensive circle, they defended against Spectral Soul and Wu Shuai’s Dragon Palace.


 Roar—!


 Qing Chou charged towards Lady Cold Ash.


 Hatred Gu’s rank nine aura was getting stronger, it seemed like Spectral Soul’s appearance had summoned the deepest hatred in Qing Chou’s heart, this intense feeling of hatred was rapidly helping to refine hatred Gu.


 Hatred Gu activated, amplifying Qing Chou’s strength comprehensively. Especially offensive killer moves, their might was increased to a terrifying level.


 Spectral Soul and Qing Chou fought, he actually got suppressed for some time.


 The killing intent on his face became denser, after a few rounds, he spat out a mouthful of black qi.


 The black qi was small and insignificant, but once it flew towards Qing Chou, it made Qing Chou’s movements slow, its attacks were no longer rapid.


 Spectral Soul’s body shook, turning into countless phantoms and surrounded Qing Chou tightly.


 Qing Chou possessed hatred Gu, it should be able to find out the real Spectral Soul. But against the countless Spectral Souls, it showed a confused expression, having lost its target.


 Spectral Soul’s main body suddenly appeared on the back of Qing Chou, he stretched out his palm and his entire forearm was stabbed into Qing Chou’s body.


 Qing Chou’s body started to shiver, it felt extreme pain as it raised its head and roared!


 Qing Chou unleashed immortal killer moves consecutively, ignoring its own state as it assaulted Spectral Soul who was on its back.


 Spectral Soul endured the endless assault but continued to sustain his current method.


 Qing Chou fell on the ground, with a loud sound, the earth rumbled, a huge pit was created.


 Qing Chou rolled on the ground, it was unable to shrug off Spectral Soul.


 "Oh no, he is trying to refine Qing Chou!" Qin Ding Ling saw what was happening, her heart jumped, she wanted to order the Gu Immortals to disrupt Spectral Soul.


 But Wu Shuai moved one step earlier.


 Dragon Palace unleashed dreamy light smoke as a cloud of pink smoke flew towards Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul was not afraid of other methods but dream path methods were still threatening.


 He had no choice but to stop and retreat for now.


 Qing Chou regained freedom as a result but it was very weak, it almost fell to the ground.


 In contrast, Spectral Soul flew to the sky with an increased aura. Evidently, the method used against Qing Chou earlier was not just enslavement, it also had a special ability to extract its strength.


 Seeing this, almost all the Gu Immortals’ hearts sank.


 Qing Chou has a quasi-rank nine hatred Gu, its battle strength rose drastically, reaching the levels of Fang Yuan, Duke Long, and Feng Jiu Ge during the fate war, but it was ineffective against Spectral Soul.


 Other than catching Spectral Soul off guard initially, once he was prepared, Qing Chou got easily countered afterwards.


 In the end, Qing Chou was still an immemorial soul beast, it was against Spectral Soul, who was primarily a soul path cultivator and had the deepest knowledge of this. Spectral Soul had a bunch of methods to counter immemorial soul beasts, in fact, the reason for the creation of soul beasts was Spectral Soul himself.


 "What a pity, I was so close to enslaving this legendary desolate beast. Hmph! Fang Yuan, you are courting death." Spectral Soul’s plan was foiled, he emanated killing intent with a cold expression, attacking Dragon Palace again.


 The two sides fought again, Wu Shuai put in all his effort but he could not resist Spectral Soul’s methods, he was forced to retreat.


 Spectral Soul’s demonic might was overwhelming, he dominated the entire battlefield without difficulty. Dragon Palace, which was showing great performance earlier, could not defend against his unparalleled power.


 His killer moves were endless, they either had great strength or peculiar effects, they were all hard to defend against.


 Spectral Soul had already recovered, even though he was not at the level when he refined sovereign immortal fetus Gu on Yi Tian Mountain, he had mostly regained his strength.


 Wu Shuai controlled Dragon Palace to fight against Spectral Soul, during this time, Qing Chou and the rest also interfered, but they were all suppressed, the situation was getting increasingly dangerous.


 After more than ten rounds of fighting, Dragon Palace was heavily damaged, the three dragon generals all died at Spectral Soul’s hands. Thankfully, there was the killer move dreamy light smoke that Spectral Soul was worried about.


 The Gu Immortals of the two heavens alliance could not be depended on, they all hid at one side. Spectral Soul’s might was too terrifying, whoever got close would die.


 "The time is about ripe." Wu Shuai finally received the instructions from his main body.


 He let out a breath of air, driving Dragon Palace towards the qi harvest fruit.


 Qin Ding Ling and the rest had formed into a defensive line, they became alarmed, they shot out endless profound lights.


 Wu Shuai shouted: "Heavenly Court, if you still refuse to take action, after Spectral Soul kills me, you will all die as well."


 Qin Ding Ling retorted: "Stop right now, whoever comes here will face our full-on assault!"


 During the fight between Spectral Soul and Dragon Palace, Heavenly Court had been watching at the side, not doing anything. Qin Ding Ling and the rest were waiting for Fang Yuan, as long as he stayed motionless, they would not attack. Nobody knew what vile schemes this demon Fang Yuan was preparing after all!


 Wu Shuai did not care, he steered Dragon Palace to get close to Heavenly Court’s defensive line.


 Behind him, Spectral Soul chased relentlessly.


 Qin Ding Ling’s expression was grim, she ordered: "Attack Dragon Palace, force it back!"


 Rumble...


 All sorts of killer moves landed on Dragon Palace, creating beautiful ripples of various colors in the sky. Dragon Palace was like a crumbling boat, riding against the dangerous waves.


 Large numbers of Gu worms died, including Immortal Gu.


 This battle caused severe losses to Dragon Palace, the price to repair it would be extremely high.


 "Oh no, it is getting close!"


 They watched as Dragon Palace almost went past Heavenly Court’s defensive line, at the crucial moment, Shabi Ninety-five and Ruan Dan came out to block Dragon Palace despite the danger.


 But soon, Spectral Soul also arrived, chaos ensued.


 "Die!" Spectral Soul’s killing intent surged, he soon gained the upper hand.


 Heavenly Court’s defensive line was collapsing.


 Right at this moment, Qi Sea Ancestor’s laughter could be heard.


 Swish swish swish!


 The originally condensed qi harvest fruit exploded into a tsunami, engulfing heaven and earth, clouds and winds raged, at once, the entire battlefield was filled with qi currents over a massive range.


 At once, all the Gu Immortals lost their sense of direction, they could only see white qi in front of them, they could not even see their own fingers.


 At the center of the qi currents, there was a baby shape gathering, it devoured the white qi.


 In a few breaths of time, the baby grew rapidly, turning old as it became Qi Sea Ancestor’s appearance, having rank eight cultivation level!


 Fang Yuan’s main body flickered, he waved his sleeves, a split soul that was prepared in advance flew out, carrying Gu worms and immortal essence into Qi Sea Ancestor’s body.


 After the split soul arrived, the Qi Sea clone opened his eyes.


 While Fang Yuan’s main body used the opportunity to enter Dragon Palace.



***
Chapter 2031 Chasing, Escaping


***





 



 Fang Yuan had always taken action after planning, even though this venture to Heavenly Court was dangerous, he had made ample preparations.


 He refined Heavenly Court’s qi harvest fruit into his qi path clone, while the main body went into Dragon Palace at this very moment. Even though there were many Gu Immortals in the battlefield, nobody found out the truth.


 Fang Yuan’s qi path clone breathed in deeply, all of the white qi got absorbed into his body.


 Next, he pushed with both arms as a thunderous sound occurred, a dense qi wall formed and pushed towards Dragon Palace and Spectral Soul with overwhelming might.


 Spectral Soul’s eyes shined with bright light, black qi burst out of his body and crashed into the qi wall, emitting a loud sound.


 The qi wall was corroded but the surrounding qi wall came to fill it up again. Spectral Soul made use of this timing to turn into black light and penetrate through it like a flash of lightning.


 A portion of Spectral Soul’s focus was kept on Qi Sea Ancestor, while most of his attention remained on Dragon Palace.


 Dragon Palace was huge, it would not be easy to pass the qi wall. Once Dragon Palace exposed a weakness while resisting the qi wall, Spectral Soul would take action and make use of Qi Sea Ancestor’s killer move to deal a huge blow to Dragon Palace.


 Right when the qi wall was about to crash into Dragon Palace, its door opened, Fang Yuan stood upright, appearing in front of everyone.


 Immortal killer move — Unlimited Qi Sea!


 Fang Yuan was already well prepared, he raised his right arm now as he grabbed towards the qi wall with his five fingers.


 The colossal qi wall shook as it collapsed, countless qi currents were drawn by a formless force, going into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 "Fang Yuan!"


 "He was here after all."


 "This move again! During the fate war, he used this move to unravel primordial qi wall!"


 The immortals saw Fang Yuan’s appearance as all of them shook.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were all ashen, after they lost the fate war, Fang Yuan had turned into a nightmare that shrouded over their minds.


 The two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals were joyful instead. Seeing Fang Yuan’s action, it was clear that he was on their side.


 Spectral Soul’s pupils shrunk, Fang Yuan’s performance was quite shocking. He was troubled by the heaven path dao marks after all, how could he still display such immense battle strength?


 The entire battlefield fell into peculiar silence.


 Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor appeared at the same time, the entire battlefield’s situation was turned around in an instant.


 Heavenly Court protected Qi Sea Ancestor, Spectral Soul was alone, while Fang Yuan was standing in front of Dragon Palace, the three strongest Gu Immortals prepared to face off against each other.


 In the Gu world, strength reigned supreme, the following battle would depend on these three people.


 "To think that this day would come when Heavenly Court fails to be the leader of this confrontation." Qin Ding Ling sighed in her heart as she transmitted to Qi Sea Ancestor, asking about his condition.


 Qi Sea Ancestor immediately replied: "Even though I got rid of the qi harvest fruit, I suffered considerable injuries. I will need everyone from Heavenly Court to work together to survive this crisis."


 Qin Ding Ling said again: "Heavenly Court’s greatest threat was resolved thanks to you, ancestor. After we survive this, Heavenly Court will definitely reward you satisfactorily!"


 Qin Ding Ling was trying very hard to gain Qi Sea Ancestor’s help, at this moment, Dragon Palace flew out like an orange meteor towards the sky!


 After this catastrophic battle, Heavenly Court was completely covered in holes. Dragon Palace escaped along one of these loopholes, easily leaving Heavenly Court and entering immemorial white heaven.


 The remaining immortals looked at Dragon Palace’s figure with stunned expressions.


 Even though Fang Yuan appeared and cooperated with Wu Shuai, the two of them had actually escaped.


 Was this the showing of the number one demon?


 "It seems that Fang Yuan has not recovered."


 "Even though that move was ferocious and broke Qi Sea Ancestor’s qi wall killer move earlier, he was likely at his limit!"


 "Do we chase them? This demon Fang Yuan is too crafty, I am afraid that this is just his plan to lure us out. He might have an immortal formation outside lying in ambush, waiting for us to head into his trap."


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals hesitated while the two heavens alliance Gu Immortals cursed in their hearts.


 The expert and leader that they placed their hopes and morale on had actually escaped, they fled so quickly!


 All of these two heavens alliance Gu Immortals were left in Heavenly Court, they were abandoned.


 "Fang Yuan, where are you running to? Die here and now." Spectral Soul snickered as he used Lady Cold Ash’s body to rush out of Heavenly Court, chasing after Dragon Palace.


 Roar—!


 Qing Chou roared, it was gradually recovering the strength that it lost, even though the rank nine aura of its hatred Gu was not complete, it was already much denser than before.


 "Spectral Soul, I want you to die!" Qing Chou, who had unresolvable hatred, did not hesitate, it chased after Spectral Soul.


 Thus, in the battlefield, only Heavenly Court’s immortals, Qi Sea Ancestor, and the two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals were left.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian looked at each other.


 They were in an awkward situation now!


 "We will chase them!"


 "Protect Dragon Palace!!"


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian worked together for the first time, they shouted something that they did not believe in as they charged out of Heavenly Court.


 The remaining two heavens alliance Gu Immortals followed after them, shouting and jeering as they also went out of Heavenly Court along with the two vice alliance leaders.


 "Are we going to kill these variant human Gu Immortals?" Prince Feng Xian asked Qin Ding Ling.


 Qin Ding Ling looked towards Qi Sea Ancestor, she thought about it before saying resolutely: "No! These variant human Gu Immortals are just minor problems, the most important thing is Fang Yuan. Two people will stay behind to take care of the place, the rest will follow me to pursue and kill Fang Yuan!!"


 Fang Yuan was not in good condition now, it was the best time to kill him.


 If they manage to kill Fang Yuan, the loot they could gain would be extremely favorable to Heavenly Court. Fang Yuan had too many good things, he had countless Immortal Gu and exceptional inheritances. Even without them, as long as they could capture his soul and extract the memories of his previous life, it would be incredibly precious to Heavenly Court!


 In fact, even if Heavenly Court gets nothing from killing Fang Yuan, just the fact that he died at their hands would allow Heavenly Court to regain their morale, they would break free of the trauma of the fate war, they would be at the top of the world again.


 "Even if we cannot kill Fang Yuan, we cannot let Spectral Soul kill Fang Yuan!" Furthermore, Qin Ding Ling was also wary of that old monster Spectral Soul.


 "Ancestor..." Qin Ding Ling was about to speak when Qi Sea Ancestor interrupted her.


 "No need to say anything, be it Spectral Soul or Fang Yuan, they are both demons, us righteous path members should execute them all. Time is pressing, our opportunity is slipping, we need to chase them now!" At the crucial moment, Qi Sea Ancestor displayed the demeanor of a heroic leader of the righteous path!


 The Heavenly Court immortals felt much closer to him after hearing that.


 Qin Ding Ling nodded gravely, without Qi Sea Ancestor’s help, they would not be able to chase Fang Yuan safely.


 "The main body’s situation is strange, I need to look after him. These Heavenly Court Gu Immortals are much better cannon fodder than those two heavens alliance immortals!" Qi Sea Ancestor made his plan internally, leading the Heavenly Court immortals as they chased.


 This way, Dragon Palace was at the front, followed by Spectral Soul, who was getting closer.


 Followed by Qing Chou.


 Followed by Qi Sea Ancestor and the Heavenly Court immortals.


 As for the two vice alliance leaders of the two heavens alliance, they had already escaped from Heavenly Court with the other immortals, they scattered all over the place thinking only of escaping, nobody dared to join this battle anymore.


 At this moment, Dragon Palace was still tightly shut.


 Fang Yuan sat on the ground, modifying the two killer moves, heaven-human sensation and human executing heaven’s work.


 Fang Yuan lacked more than half of the Gu worms needed for these killer moves. He had to modify the moves and swap out the Gu worms so that he could use these moves.


 Immortal Gu were unique, these two killer moves were newly obtained, Fang Yuan had quite a bit of difficulty in the modification.


 After attempting it for some time, Fang Yuan changed his tactic, he gave up on the Immortal Gu level and targeted the aspect of a mortal killer move.


 Fang Yuan connected to treasure yellow heaven and soon gathered the relevant mortal Gu worms. With the necessary Gu worms and after modifying the move from an immortal killer move to a mortal killer move, the difficult became nearly nonexistent.


 With these two mortal killer moves, Fang Yuan stopped the formation in the sovereign immortal aperture, no longer using qi tides to cleanse the immortal aperture’s nine heavens and five regions.


 Soon, heaven’s will was produced.


 Fang Yuan sent a portion of his will towards the heaven’s will.


 Next, he activated the killer move heaven-human sensation, Fang Yuan fused into the heaven’s will.


 After that, he activated human executing heaven’s work.


 After a while.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with bright light: "I sensed... a certain group of heaven path dao marks!"


 If he had to replace the word ’sensed’, Fang Yuan would choose another word, caught.


 Originally, Fang Yuan knew about the heaven path dao marks in his body, but he could only let them be. But now, when he could sense them, it meant that these heaven path dao marks were under his control temporarily.


 With this crucial breakthrough and Fang Yuan’s expertise in Gu refinement, it was only a matter of time until he refined all of these heaven path dao marks into his own.



***
Chapter 2032 Target, Crazed Demon Cave


***





 



 Rumble!


 With a loud sound, Dragon Palace shook intensely from the impact, a large portion of its roof cracked and fell. While falling, these fragments turned into Gu worm corpses, scattered by the intense winds in the sky.


 Spectral Soul had caught up!


 He was extremely fast, even though Wu Shuai was moving Dragon Palace at top speed, he could not reach Spectral Soul’s speed.


 Spectral Soul’s body was covered in pitch black smoke, each time he attacked, Dragon Palace suffered great damage.


 Wu Shuai had to put in his effort to repair it, thankfully, he had many Gu worms in his storage, he was amply prepared.


 Fang Yuan frowned tightly, his expression was slightly grim.


 He came to Heavenly Court using Qi Sea Ancestor’s identity to find a way to resolve his heaven path dao mark problem. Once his goal was achieved, he chose to retreat, Fang Yuan had never cared about the title of the number one demon.


 However, even though Fang Yuan got what he wanted, he needed time now, what he lacked was sufficient time to execute his plan.


 "Now, Spectral Soul is chasing after me, Heavenly Court will do the same, these people will not let me retreat easily. It is very difficult to escape from this situation!"


 Fang Yuan’s movement ability had always been improving. Long ago, his strongest movement method was the killer move sword escape after transforming into an ancient sword dragon. After that was Omni-directional Travel, followed by Fixed Immortal Travel and the killer move comprising Fixed Immortal Travel as the core.


 But among these methods, even Omni-directional Travel could not match Spectral Soul’s speed. Fixed Immortal Travel’s killer move might be usable but Fang Yuan was very weak now from the disturbance of the heaven path dao marks.


 There was still some time until Fang Yuan could resolve this disturbance and fully refine the heaven path dao marks.


 Fang Yuan tried to think about it from another perspective, be they Spectral Soul or Heavenly Court, they wanted him dead. The former used all of his accumulations to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu but Fang Yuan snatched it away. The latter’s headquarters were ravaged by Fang Yuan, their biggest pillar of support, fate Gu, was also destroyed by him. Heavenly Court was the leader of the righteous path, they cared about reputation, but in the fate war, Fang Yuan destroyed their reputation.


 Before now, Heavenly Court could not find Fang Yuan so they did not do anything to him. In the future, when he recovered his strength, they would also be unable to deal with him.


 Now that Heavenly Court found Fang Yuan, they would definitely try their best to kill him!


 Such opportunities seldom knock twice, they could not let this chance slip by.


 Fang Yuan knew about his circumstances clearly, thoughts collided in his mind continuously as he tried to find a solution for this problem.


 But soon, his expression changed.


 The heaven path dao marks on his body started to transform again, causing problems, their disturbance became stronger by several times.


 When dealing with the qi wall earlier, even though Fang Yuan caused a huge scene, he was actually cooperating with Qi Sea Ancestor secretly, his true battle strength was not as it appeared.


 But just this much, with Fang Yuan secretly using human path methods to counter the interruption of the heaven path dao marks, was already the greatest limit.


 Externally, Spectral Soul was attacking Dragon Palace furiously, the walls were cracking, tiles were sent flying all over the place. Internally, the heaven path dao marks were wreaking havoc in his body, preventing Fang Yuan from doing anything.


 The situation was dangerous, even surpassing the fate war. After all, Fang Yuan could still use Spring Autumn Cicada then, but now, this greatest trump card was unusable.


 Fang Yuan could not rebirth, if he made a mistake now, he would die a pitiful death.


 Spectral Soul emanated deep killing intent, it pierced through Dragon Palace, Fang Yuan’s hair stood on ends.


 Fang Yuan’s lips curled up, he had already made a decision —


 Head to Crazed Demon Cave!


 The heaven path dao marks were interfering with Fang Yuan, preventing him from using many killer moves. Even if he could use them, the effect would be very low.


 Fang Yuan had to borrow external help to alleviate this crisis.


 Any other location would not be very helpful to Fang Yuan. After all, Dragon Palace was the one escaping and moving at the front, if he entered a dangerous place, Dragon Palace would face the brunt of the danger. The pursuer would benefit instead, Spectral Soul would have an easier time.


 But Crazed Demon Cave was different. At the lower levels of Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan could use the sovereign immortal body to travel to the next layer quickly, the rest would all be stopped in their tracks.


 As for whether Spectral Soul could pass through, Fang Yuan did not know, but it was worth a gamble. Spectral Soul was not in perfect condition after all, he also did not have the sovereign immortal body!


 "Even if Spectral Soul can forcefully make his way through, his battle strength would suffer. The lower layers are also extremely huge and mysterious, I can definitely stall for time against Spectral Soul in there."


 Fang Yuan made up his mind, he immediately moved Dragon Palace in another direction, towards the north.


 As for Wu Shuai, he focused on repairing Dragon Palace.


 Spectral Soul saw that Dragon Palace was escaping, he breathed in deeply before rapidly approaching it.


 He extended his hand and landed on Dragon Palace. Next, countless immemorial soul beast silhouettes flickered, each time they attacked, a piece of Dragon Palace’s walls shattered.


 After an entire round of attacks, several pillars holding up Dragon Palace had cracks emerging.


 Wu Shuai had a solemn expression: "Oh no, this killer move is extremely powerful, it can attack the Immortal Gu House both internally and externally. The core Immortal Gu of Dragon Palace are quite damaged!"


 Fang Yuan’s main body squinted his eyes, Dragon Palace’s door was shut but his vision was unobstructed, he could see the situation outside.


 Fang Yuan said calmly: "Spectral Soul used this soul path killer move earlier, but it is much stronger now. Evidently, he has modified it during this bit of time!"


 This was truly terrifying.


 Spectral Soul had great strength, even though he was no longer rank nine, he was definitely at Duke Long’s level of battle strength.


 Even though he lost most of his attainment levels, it seemed that soul path did not fall by too much.


 Even though Spectral Soul had only fought Dragon Palace for a short while, he had already comprehended the weaknesses of Dragon Palace, he could modify his killer moves to show much greater effect.


 Furthermore, Spectral Soul had abundant battle experience, far deeper than Fang Yuan, during his era, he was renowned for killing everything in his way in the entire world!


 After several more rounds, Dragon Palace could not resist Spectral Soul anymore, Fang Yuan sighed as he sent out another Immortal Gu House.


 It was a silver-white ship with a long and thin body, it flew like a flying sword with silver light shining around it, stabbing towards Spectral Soul.


 It was Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Spectral Soul moved in a flicker and dodged it easily.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship turned around and used a killer move, targeting Spectral Soul.


 At once, Dragon Palace tried to escape while Myriad Year Flying Warship helped to defend it. Spectral Soul chased after them with immense demonic might, the winds and clouds were raging around him.


 Fang Yuan’s main body was disrupted by the heaven path dao marks, but because Immortal Gu Houses were individual structures, they were not restricted by this problem.


 As long as the Immortal Gu House had Fang Yuan’s will and immortal essence, Myriad Year Flying Warship could still continue to fight.


 However, Spectral Soul had formidable strength and all sorts of killer moves, not only were they strong and hard to defend against, they mostly had peculiar effects and easily overwhelmed Fang Yuan’s efforts, allowing Spectral Soul to firmly control this situation.


 Even with the power of two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses, he was not Spectral Soul’s match.


 "Most importantly, the Twelve Zodiac battle formation was completely destroyed during the fate war. Otherwise, with the combination of Twelve Zodiac battle formation and Myriad Year Flying Warship, even Spectral Soul would have some problems against them."


 Fang Yuan considered the situation and did not change his plan, he still focused on escaping.


 After getting the heaven path research results, Fang Yuan just needed time to gather his advantage. As long as he survives this problem, after he resolved the problem of the heaven path dao marks, it would be Fang Yuan’s turn to shine.


 Spectral Soul was going all-out on offense. In his opinion, this was the best opportunity to kill Fang Yuan and reclaim the sovereign immortal body. Not just the sovereign immortal body, he could also get the dream realms that Fang Yuan obtained. Spectral Soul would be able to regain all of his attainment levels as a result.


 In this world, what could allow Spectral Soul to rapidly regain his strength? Undoubtedly, it was Fang Yuan! Fang Yuan was simply a moving treasure chest in Spectral Soul’s eyes.


 "Spectral Soul, die! I want you to die!!" Qing Chou approached him with wind and lightning surrounding it.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship and Dragon Palace fought against Spectral Soul while moving, they could not travel quickly. Thus, Qing Chou caught up to them.


 Qing Chou’s eyes were blood red, its face was distorted in a terrifying manner, it only cared about Spectral Soul!


 In just this period of time, the rank nine aura of the hatred Gu within it got denser again, it was quite shocking to see.


 Qing Chou got stronger again!


 It growled, a human-faced lightning ball flew out of its throat.


 The lightning ball was extremely fast, green-black in color, it was eerie and icy, moving without a sound.


 Spectral Soul waved his hand, a giant whip made of black fog appeared, seeking to send the lightning ball flying.


 But the face on the lightning ball snickered as it raised its speed, avoiding the whip as it approached Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul was about to use another killer move when the lightning ball self-detonated.


 Rumble!


 The might of the explosion was terrifying, Spectral Soul was sent flying far away.


 The range of the explosion was wide, even Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship were not spared, they both suffered some damage.


 Qing Chou endured the aftermath of the explosion as it approached Spectral Soul relentlessly.


 "This senseless beast!" After being disrupted for multiple times, Spectral Soul felt deeply enraged.


 Fang Yuan used the chance to flee.


 Spectral Soul saw Dragon Palace’s movement and became even more angry: "Little scoundrel, don’t think of escaping!"


 Dragon Palace’s speed fell instantly.


 At the areas where Dragon Palace was damaged, black smoke appeared and lowered its speed severely.


 "What killer move is this? When did Spectral Soul use it?" Fang Yuan was shocked, at once, he had an idea of moving into Myriad Year Flying Warship instead.


 But regrettably, black smoke also appeared on Myriad Year Flying Warship, it moved slowly too.


 The black smoke faded away very quickly but Spectral Soul also regained his momentum, after forcing Qing Chou away, he approached Dragon Palace again.


 At once, the three parties engaged in a chaotic battle.


 Fang Yuan wanted to shrug off Spectral Soul but Qing Chou was overwhelmed with rage, it did not have any intention to cooperate with him.


 Qing Chou only wanted to take revenge on Spectral Soul, it did not care about Fang Yuan, almost all of its moves also implicated Dragon Palace. At times, to protect himself, Fang Yuan had to fight Qing Chou as well.


 After some time, Spectral Soul regained the upper hand again.


 Even though he was just the soul of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, his battle strength was extremely high, he also fought differently from Duke Long’s dominance, he was more skilled at using ruthless attacks with piercing killing intent, he was vicious and maniacal.


 But he had a terrifyingly clear understanding of the situation, he often made use of his opponent’s methods to make them cancel out each other’s moves.


 Spectral Soul slowly attacked less and less, but in this chaotic fight, his advantage was rising bit by bit.


 After noticing this, even Fang Yuan’s heart was turning cold.



***
Chapter 2033 Chaotic Battle


***





 



 "In terms of battle experience, I cannot compare to Spectral Soul!" During the three way chaotic battle, Fang Yuan sensed the difference between him and his enemy. Even though he had been reborn many times, in terms of total battle experience, Fang Yuan could not compare to a venerable.


 "The main problem is that Qing Chou is not being logical, even though it attacks ferociously, it ignores its own condition, Spectral Soul made use of it many times. If this were a conscious Qing Chou, the battle would not be like this."


 Fang Yuan felt the situation was unfortunate in his heart. Even though hatred Gu was progressing towards rank nine and Qing Chou was getting stronger, without any wisdom, no matter how strong it was, it was still toyed around by Spectral Soul.


 Even after using Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship, Fang Yuan still felt helpless. This was something that had never happened before.


 Fang Yuan was still focusing on retreating, he fought while escaping.


 Even though he was the weaker side now, as long as Spectral Soul could not activate a battlefield killer move to trap him, Fang Yuan was still free to escape.


 Dragon Palace was the first to break through the heavenly wind qi wall, heading towards Central Continent. Myriad Year Flying Warship did its best to protect it.


 Spectral Soul moved behind like a trail of black smoke, following after them closely.


 Behind them were Qing Chou’s colossal body, crashing through the qi wall and leaving immemorial white heaven, reaching Central Continent.


 Qi Sea Ancestor, Qin Ding Ling, and the rest had all left Heavenly Court, they were chasing behind.


 When they found that Fang Yuan and the rest had entered Central Continent, Heavenly Court’s immortals became anxious.


 "This scoundrel Fang Yuan could’ve traveled through the vast immemorial white heaven but he chose to go to Central Continent. Since he is in trouble, he wants to implicate the innocent people as well, he truly deserves a pitiful death!"


 Qi Sea Ancestor snorted coldly: "Fang Yuan has been a problem for too long, if we can kill him this time, it would be the fortune of the people in the world."


 As he said that, he used a secret method to tell the main body about their movement.


 Fang Yuan immediately understood that Heavenly Court’s pursuers were arriving soon. But he had no solution, his speed was greatly dragged down by Spectral Soul.


 When Heavenly Court’s group arrived, they found that Spectral Soul was suppressing Fang Yuan and Qing Chou.


 Qin Ding Ling frowned as she hesitated, telling Qi Sea Ancestor: "Ancestor, please deal with Fang Yuan, kill him with your full strength."


 But how could Qi Sea Ancestor attack the main body, he pondered and said: "In this situation, Fang Yuan is weak while Spectral Soul is strong. They are both demonic path overlords, if we deal with Fang Yuan and get hit by his final trump cards, Spectral Soul will be the eventual winner."


 Qin Ding Ling shook her head: "Ancestor, you are not familiar with Fang Yuan, he is too crafty, he definitely has methods left unused. Maybe this situation is only a layer of his concealment, we need to kill him now, we cannot give him any opportunities."


 Qi Sea Ancestor: "..."


 Heavenly Court had suffered too much at Fang Yuan’s hands, Qin Ding Ling’s wariness and fear towards Fang Yuan surpassed even Spectral Soul!


 But thinking about it, when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was invincible in the world, he did not deal so much damage to Heavenly Court compared to the current Fang Yuan. It was quite easy to understand how Qin Ding Ling and the others felt like this.


 Qi Sea Ancestor could only ask the main body secretly, what were they going to do?


 If there was no choice, Qi Sea Ancestor would have to expose himself and fight Spectral Soul so that the main body could escape.


 Fang Yuan replied: "Don’t worry, let me try something first."


 Dragon Palace’s door opened, a Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body flew out.


 Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique flew towards Spectral Soul, the latter’s pupils shrank as he retreated immediately.


 Bam.


 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body self-detonated, turning into a large lump of dream realm that floated in the sky, turning into a barrier.


 Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship used this chance to pull some distance away from them.


 Spectral Soul got around the dream realm as he chased again.


 But Qing Chou could not think properly, it got trapped in the dream realm.


 Roar—!


 The aura of hatred Gu burst out of Qing Chou’s body as it broke free from the dream realm, it chased after them again.


 "This is?!"


 "Qing Chou actually broke away from the dream realm, it was not trapped?"


 "It’s hatred Gu! \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e has a vague description about it — hatred has no dreams!"


 Fang Yuan was also quite shocked about this.


 Qing Chou did not have any dream path methods but it used hatred Gu to break free. Dream path was ahead of the current era, it was unstoppable, but it could not stop Qing Chou’s hatred Gu?


 "Hatred has no dreams... or rather, against rank nine hatred Gu, the dream realm was not big enough?" Fang Yuan had a thought.


 It was like the killer move dreamy light smoke, if it landed on Spectral Soul, it would only trap him for some time before he got free, Dragon Palace would shatter from the internal impact.


 Dreamy light smoke was too weak against Spectral Soul, but if it rose to rank nine level, the situation would be different.


 Even so, when Spectral Soul was attacked with dreamy light smoke, he would still dodge it without hesitation.


 He was very fast, moving like a specter, in close distance, it was almost the same as teleportation, it was too hard for dreamy light smoke to hit him.


 However, the good thing for Fang Yuan was that Spectral Soul could not deal with dream realms currently.


 "I obtained the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique method from Shadow Sect, Spectral Soul definitely knows about it. However, he lacks the crucial Immortal Gu, he cannot use relevant killer moves."


 After sensing this, Fang Yuan immediately created many Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies and self-detonated them.


 Bang bang bang bang.


 In the blink of an eye, Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship were surrounded by dream realms, there was no gap between them.


 Spectral Soul snorted coldly, stopping his attacks.


 "This Fang Yuan..." Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth, Fang Yuan’s method was too shameless, Heavenly Court had no way to deal with it.


 "Be careful of Spectral Soul!" Qi Sea Ancestor reminded them.


 Fang Yuan suddenly enclosed himself, Heavenly Court’s members were in an awkward spot.


 Spectral Soul looked at them coldly, Qi Sea Ancestor stood in front of them steadfastly.


 Qing Chou growled angrily, it attacked Spectral Soul again without fear.


 Spectral Soul said in displeasure: "Lowly beast! Since you want to die, I will grant you your wish."


 His body vanished on the spot, at the next moment, he appeared on Qing Chou’s back. But right when Spectral Soul was about to attack Qing Chou, a qi path killer move shot towards him.


 Spectral Soul had no choice but to resist it, Qing Chou used the chance to move away, it spat out a human-faced lightning ball again, escaping danger.


 Spectral Soul looked at Qi Sea Ancestor with a cold gaze. Earlier, Qi Sea Ancestor was the one who attacked him.


 Qi Sea Ancestor looked at Spectral Soul warily, at the same time, he explained to Qin Ding Ling: "We cannot let Spectral Soul succeed. He seems to be able to absorb the power of the immemorial soul beast, is it possible for Heavenly Court to capture Qing Chou again?"


 Qin Ding Ling sighed: "We have already lost the best opportunity. Qing Chou’s strength rose greatly, we need to find another opportunity in order to forcefully refine hatred Gu."


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals did not blame Qi Sea Ancestor for making a move on his own, after all, what he did was very logical. From the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals’ perspective, Fang Yuan was trapped in the dream realm now, Qi Sea Ancestor was helping Qing Chou to attack Spectral Soul for the sake of Heavenly Court.


 At the next moment, Spectral Soul attacked the Heavenly Court immortals.


 Qing Chou followed closely behind him.


 The three sided chaotic battle started again, but this time, Heavenly Court took the role of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was temporarily safe, he only had to take note of the moving dream realms. To form a tight defense, he needed to self-detonate Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies to fix any gaps in his defensive line.


 Immortal killer move — Yin-yang Great Killer Hands!


 Rumble!


 With a loud explosion, two huge hands, one black and one white, appeared out of nowhere.


 The two hands were so large they could loom over heaven and earth, they had an intrinsic pattern, at this moment, they grabbed at Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul suddenly shouted shrilly, when he appeared again, he was already right in front of Qi Sea Ancestor. At the center of the yin-yang hands where Spectral Soul was originally at, there was an immemorial soul beast.


 Spectral Soul shot out a wave of black smoke that landed on Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Immortal killer move — Heavenly Combat Cloak!


 Qi Sea Ancestor retreated, heavenly combat cloak melted from the effect of the black smoke, but this strange move was blocked after all.


 Even though Qi Sea Ancestor was a newly created clone of Fang Yuan’s, he had incredible strength from originally being Heavenly Court’s qi harvest fruit. With sufficient qi path Immortal Gu, his battle strength was not any lower than before.


 Even so, Qi Sea Ancestor was suppressed by Spectral Soul, the situation was getting increasingly passive.


 Qin Ding Ling led the Heavenly Court immortals to help Qi Sea Ancestor, she also ordered Spirit Affinity House to send Feng Jin Huang over to the fight.


 Feng Jin Huang had dream path Immortal Gu, she could use pure dream reality seeker transformation to break Fang Yuan’s defensive line.


 Qin Ding Ling’s target had always been Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan’s main body hid inside Dragon Palace as he watched the battle, using all of his time to refine as many heaven path dao marks as possible.


 "Master, we have arrived!" During the chaotic battle, Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan led their group as they entered the battlefield.


 Before Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals could react to it, far away, someone flew over as well.


 "Let this old man join in the fun as well."


 It was Demon Immortal Qi Jue!



***
Chapter 2034 Everyone Wants to Kill Fang Yuan


***





 



 In this three sided chaotic battle, the appearance of Fairy Zi Wei’s group and Demon Immortal Qi Jue made the situation increasingly complex.

 “Go and block Heavenly Court.” Spectral Soul ordered.

 Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan quickly attacked with killer moves, the shining wave of attacks assaulted Qin Ding Ling and the rest with ferocity.

 Other than Qi Sea Ancestor, Qin Ding Ling and the rest were all inside their Immortal Gu Houses, they were not afraid of Spectral Soul’s reinforcements.

 Heavenly Court’s immortals were only furious, they were not angry about Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan’s betrayal but the fact that he used a vicious method to enslave them.

 Heavenly Court believed in Fairy Zi Wei’s and Old Man Zheng Yuan’s loyalty. They knew that it was because of Spectral Soul that they betrayed Heavenly Court.

 Spectral Soul snickered: “How does it feel to fight against your former allies? It will be up to you to save them, if you miss this opportunity, you will likely never have another chance in the future.”

 Heavenly Court’s immortals heard this, their attacks halted for a moment.

 Qin Ding Ling had sharp brows, she frowned as she ordered: “Spectral Soul wants to make us unwilling to attack, he is stalling for time. Forget about Zi Wei’s and Zheng Yuan’s lives, killing them is the same as releasing them from this predicament!”

 At the crucial moment, Qin Ding Ling displayed the foresight of a leader, she showed her resolute nature.

 Spectral Soul heard this, he frowned lightly.

 He started to act more quickly, attacking Qing Chou again.

 Fighting against him, Qing Chou soon got suppressed.

 “Stop him!” Seeing that Spectral Soul was trying the same thing again to extract Qing Chou’s strength, Qin Ding Ling shouted: “Ancestor, please stop him!”

 Even without her reminder, Qi Sea Ancestor had already flown towards Spectral Soul.

 But at the next moment, a gush of qi currents flew out like a heavenly river, obstructing Qi Sea Ancestor.

 Qi Sea Ancestor stopped his movement, he looked at the attacker: “Qi Jue!”

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled lightly, blocking his path: “Qi Sea, our previous battle was interrupted by Heavenly Court, that was not satisfying. Let us fight fairly this time.”

 The hearts of Heavenly Court’s immortals sank.

 At the crucial moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue actually came to help Spectral Soul!

 What sort of agreement did they make?

 Fairy Zi Wei was surprised too, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was definitely an unexpectedly strong reinforcement!

 Purple light flickered in her eyes as she realized: “Long ago, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had already started buying all sorts of inheritances in treasure yellow heaven of various paths. He is from the Olden Antiquity Era, he revived after the destruction of fate Gu. Using these inheritances, he can catch up to the current great era!”

 “The reason why Qi Jue is helping us is likely because master made a deal with him, he sold a large number of inheritances.”

 Fairy Zi Wei made an accurate guess.

 Even though Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not expose his identity in treasure yellow heaven, he did not conceal himself either, his intentions were clearly known to everyone.

 Since Heavenly Court could notice Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s actions, why wouldn’t Spectral Soul?

 Because of historical reasons, Demon Immortal Qi Jue would not cooperate with Heavenly Court. But Spectral Soul was also in the demonic path, he had a vast number of inheritances, he was the most ideal person to transact with Qi Jue.

 “Fang Yuan, you cannot escape today.” Spectral Soul smiled coldly, he arrived at Qing Chou’s back again.

 At the next moment, he attacked!

 Qing Chou growled angrily but its strength was being absorbed by Spectral Soul. As an immemorial soul beast, even with the quasi-rank nine hatred Gu, Qing Chou was completely countered by Spectral Soul.

 Qing Chou’s aura fell greatly while Spectral Soul became more energized and lively.

 After he finished his absorption, he kicked, Qing Chou fell towards the ground.

 Next, he charged towards Fang Yuan at lightning speed.

 Immortal killer move — Pure Dream Reality Seeker Transformation!

 The dream realms surrounding Dragon Palace had a huge chunk missing, they turned into Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies as they flew into Spectral Soul’s immortal aperture.

 Spectral Soul actually had enough Immortal Gu to unleash the killer move, pure dream reality seeker transformation!

 He had purposely let Fang Yuan go earlier without using this move, now that he got rid of Qing Chou, he let his reinforcements block Heavenly Court and Qi Sea Ancestor while he finally went after Fang Yuan!

 All the immortals were shaken.

 The battle had been in Spectral Soul’s grasp since the start.

 In history, Spectral Soul was renowned for his killing intent, but that did not mean that he could only kill to solve his problems. He was aloof, crafty, and vicious, but when he was alive, he had no need to use any of these methods, his own strength was sufficient to kill all problems.

 But now that Spectral Soul’s strength was not much higher than his enemies, he started to use various methods to complement his battle strength.

 At once, a large number of dream realms were reclaimed by Spectral Soul.

 Fairy Zi Wei and the rest fought against Heavenly Court while Qi Sea Ancestor battled Demon Immortal Qi Jue, facing a disadvantage.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue had the secluded domain of heaven and earth, ‘Xi’, he resisted Qi Sea Ancestor, who cultivated qi path.

 The situation was critical, Fang Yuan could not use the dream realms to stop his enemies anymore.

 The door of Dragon Palace suddenly opened, several Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies flew out of his dream realm defensive line, directly heading for Spectral Soul.

 Boom boom boom.

 The Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies self-detonated, creating dream realms in the air.

 Spectral Soul quickly dodged them, he managed to avoid being trapped by the dream realms.

 But using this chance, Wu Shuai moved Dragon Palace out of the dream realm circle through one of the gaps, with Myriad Year Flying Warship following behind closely.

 The intent of the two Immortal Gu Houses was obvious.

 “Where are you trying to go?!” Spectral Soul shouted as he got past the dream realms, approaching them again.

 Fang Yuan was his main target, he needed to be killed.

 This was a prime opportunity, Spectral Soul was going to follow Fang Yuan no matter where he went.

 Spectral Soul stared at Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship, his eyes flickering with killing intent and determination!

 At the next moment, Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship split up, they escaped in two directions.

 Spectral Soul was dazed.

 What should he do?

 When Myriad Year Flying Warship and Dragon Palace were inside the ring of dream realms, they were isolated from the outside, Spectral Soul had no idea which one Fang Yuan was hiding in.

 There was only one Spectral Soul, he could not chase after both Immortal Gu Houses.

 But Spectral Soul made his decision almost instantly, he shouted: “Demon Immortal Qi Jue, chase after Myriad Year Flying Warship! After we succeed, I will not stint on your reward.”

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue chuckled as he used Xi Land to absorb one of Qi Sea Ancestor’s killer moves, he easily moved away and chased after Myriad Year Flying Warship.

 Spectral Soul went after Dragon Palace instead.

 After receiving his orders, Fairy Zi Wei started to retreat.

 “What do we do?” Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals asked Qin Ding Ling.

 Qin Ding Ling looked at Fairy Zi Wei and the rest, saying without hesitation: “Kill Fang Yuan first!”

 But the problem that Spectral Soul faced earlier was also happening to Heavenly Court, which Immortal Gu House was Fang Yuan in?

 “Do we just pick one and gamble on our luck?” Qin Ding Ling frowned, even though she was not willing to do that, Heavenly Court lacked wisdom path Gu Immortals, they could only do this.

 “I can help you people.” Fairy Zi Wei suddenly stopped her movement as she said: “I have a way to deduce Fang Yuan’s location.”

 Heavenly Court’s immortals were dazed.

 “What method? How long will it take?” Qi Sea Ancestor asked.

 “With our help, it will only take a moment.” Bing Sai Chuan’s voice resounded, everyone turned around, seeing that Calamity Luck Altar had arrived.

 “They finally arrived.” Fairy Zi Wei let out a breath of air.

 She was obviously the one who asked the Longevity Heaven members to come. Earlier, Fairy Zi Wei and the rest received orders from Spectral Soul to deceive Longevity Heaven and assault Heavenly Court on their own. But the situation changed too quickly, on the way here, Fairy Zi Wei analyzed the situation and made the plan to use Longevity Heaven’s strength.

 After getting Spectral Soul’s permission, Fairy Zi Wei contacted Longevity Heaven immediately.

 As Calamity Luck Altar approached, Bing Sai Chuan said: “Our lord said that this world does not need too many chess players.”

 The immortals’ hearts shook.

 Bing Sai Chuan’s lord was obviously Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.

 All the signs showed that this venerable had deep aspirations, he still had abundant will and strength left in the world.

 In the current situation, Fang Yuan was the most likely person to become venerable. Immortal zombie Giant Sun did not want this to happen, thus, he changed his plan and decided to kill Fang Yuan before he could grow fully!

 Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth, she was stuck at a difficult contemplation.

 Cooperate with Spectral Soul and Longevity Heaven?

 The former was a demonic path venerable, the latter was a strong foe during the fate war, they were all responsible for the destruction of fate!

 Ally with them?

 Qin Ding Ling only thought about it for a few breaths of time before she squeezed out a word: “Alright.”

 Like what Bing Sai Chuan said earlier, there was no need for too many chess players in the world. Fang Yuan was destined to be their enemy, he was a walking treasure chest, everyone wanted to kill him first, after that, Heavenly Court would deal with Spectral Soul and Giant Sun!



***
Chapter 2035 Qing Clan’s Revenge


***





 



 Rough winds howled in the desert, while the oasis carried a warm breeze.

 Sandstones piled into a mountain as hot steam rose. There was a calm lake beneath the sandstones, green trees were growing as their leaves rustled under the evening wind, creating the scene of a paradise in Western Desert.

 Western Desert’s Qing clan’s base was situated at this oasis that was called the ‘Qing oasis’.

 Qing clan’s Gu Immortals were all gathered in a hall. On the icy cold floor of the hall, there were several fragments of Gu worms, all of the Qing clan Gu Immortals were fixing their gazes on these fragments.

 “Qing Heng’s life tablet Gu shattered?!”

 “What is happening?”

 “Qing Heng died, he had left to hunt the Southern Border Gu Immortal Ming You. Did he really die at Ming You’s hands?”

 Qing Heng was a rank seven expert of Qing clan, even though he was sent by the clan to kill Ming You, the clan was very confident in him. Recently for some reason, news that Qing clan obtained Divine Bean Palace had spread, all the other super forces were probing them. With Qing Heng’s death, Qing clan became suspicious about the truth, was this a test by the Western Desert forces?

 “Report—! We have accurate information, Ming You was the one who killed Qing Heng, he has great strength and acts ruthlessly.”

 Qing clan flew into a rage.

 “This Gu Immortal from another region has gone too far!”

 “We need to kill this Ming You, we will grind his bones to dust, we will show the other Western Desert super forces the consequences of offending our Qing clan!”

 “Before killing him, we should capture this Ming You and invite the other Western Desert Gu Immortals to watch. Only by pulling out his tendons and ripping his skin in public, to humiliate and torture him to death, can I feel satisfied from this revenge.”

 “Kill!”

 “Kill him!”

 “He is merely a Gu Immortal from another region, he came to Western Desert alone, he actually dared to kill our Gu Immortal, he truly has no fear of heaven and earth.”

 “Even though Ming You was able to kill Qing Heng, he only has rank seven cultivation level, if first supreme elder takes action, it would be too excessive, rumors would also spread that our Qing clan is bullying the weak. In my opinion, we should send out Qing Jing and Qing Hua Lan.”

 “No, to play safe, we should send Qing Chen as well. With three immortals, they will definitely be able to capture that Ming You alive!”

 “Let him experience regret and pain.”

 “Hurry! Don’t let that scoundrel escape.”

 “Kill Ming You, display the might of Qing clan!”

 “Ming You must die, when our clan refines Divine Bean Palace in the future, our Qing clan will stand at the top of Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world!!”

 …

 These sentences echoed in Qing Chou’s ears, the scenes of the past flashed in Qing Chou’s mind.

 Different from its usual fragmented memories, this time, its memory was very clear and complete. At the same time, the hatred in its heart surged in a tsunami, rampaging in Qing Chou’s entire body and mind.

 Hatred!

 Deep hatred!

 Feeling increasingly intense hatred, Qing Chou opened its eyes.

 Time flew by quickly, countless years had passed since then.

 Qing Chou’s eyes were bloodshot.

 It found that it was still lying on the ground, recalling that when fighting Spectral Soul earlier, it was sent flying to the ground, crashing and falling unconscious.

 “Roar!”

 Qing Chou roared as it stood up within the deep pit.

 The rank nine aura of hatred Gu became even denser, the power of hatred surged throughout Qing Chou’s body.

 “Ming You, Ming You!”

 “Spectral Soul, Spectral Soul!”

 Qing Chou roared towards the sky, its eyes were covered in rage, its hair was disheveled, even though Spectral Soul had already gone after Dragon Palace, the power of hatred Gu allowed Qing Chou to locate Spectral Soul easily without a problem.

 Rumble!

 Qing Chou had a mountain-like tortoise shell, tiger claws and dragon tail, as well as a snake neck and human head, it flew up rapidly as winds surrounded it, charging towards the direction of Spectral Soul. As for Fairy Zi Wei and the rest who were creating a formation in the sky, it ignored them.

 Among these Gu Immortals in the sky, there was one elderly Gu Immortal, he had wide sleeves and fluttering white hair, he was Fang Yuan’s clone, Qi Sea Ancestor.

 Seeing that Qing Chou was flying away, Qi Sea Ancestor let out a breath of air, no longer worried.

 Earlier in Western Desert, even though Fang Yuan used familiar face to transform, he was still chased by Qing Chou.

 Qing Chou possessed hatred Gu, because of the influence of karma divine tree, it had an intense connection to Spectral Soul and everyone related to him.

 Fang Yuan’s main body could not deceive Qing Chou while Qi Sea Ancestor was Fang Yuan’s clone, he would definitely be sensed by Qing Chou as well.

 But now, Spectral Soul and Fang Yuan were enemies, they wanted each other to die, thus, because of their changed relationship, Qing Chou no longer went after him.

 “Even though Qing Chou’s threat is gone, Fairy Zi Wei is still a big problem.” Qi Sea Ancestor cast his gaze at Fairy Zi Wei.

 Fairy Zi Wei wore a purple-gold dress, she had a graceful figure with hair that extended to her waist. She moved mysteriously as she flew in the sky, her fingers fluttering like butterflies in the sky, countless Gu worms were sent out and used together, in the sky, an amazing wisdom path immortal formation was already taking shape, one could see its form already.

 Old Man Zheng Yuan assisted at the side.

 Qin Ding Ling, Che Wei, and the other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals looked at Fairy Zi Wei, they had complex emotions, there was hatred, anger, pity, and sadness.

 There was a round altar that was almost in contact with the wisdom path formation, floating in the sky. It had white jade railings and shining aurora, this was rank eight Immortal Gu House Calamity Luck Altar.

 Calamity Luck Altar was controlled by Bing Sai Chuan, he had a sharp gaze as he looked at Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals and Qi Sea Ancestor, not daring to relax his mind.

 Calamity Luck Altar protected Fairy Zi Wei and the rest, as well as the wisdom path formation.

 Longevity Heaven, who represented Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, had already cooperated with Spectral Soul’s Shadow Sect long ago.

 “Fang Yuan has the potential to become a venerable, we cannot let him do as he pleases. If such a person becomes a venerable, it will not benefit any of us.” Bing Sai Chuan transmitted, he tried to convince Qi Sea Ancestor, Qin Ding Ling, and the rest, not knowing that Fang Yuan’s clone was right here.

 Qin Ding Ling only listened to him, she did not reply.

 The winds howled around her, causing her cape to flutter, she wore a tight golden armor and was tall and grand, she had a valiant demeanor.

 She stared at the wisdom path formation at times, looking at the dream realms occasionally.

 This dream realm was left behind by Fang Yuan. He had originally tried to use the dream realms to stop his enemies, but Spectral Soul plotted against him instead. Fang Yuan had to escape from this battlefield, this dream realm was left behind, shining and moving on its own continuously.

 “Where is Fang Yuan now? I only saw that Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship flew out of the dream realm and escaped the battlefield. There is a third possibility, he is still hiding in this dream realm!” Qin Ding Ling thought to herself.

 Precisely because of this reason, she stayed behind to guard this dream realm.

 Fang Yuan was too crafty, even though staying in the dream realm seemed stupid, there was a chance that Fang Yuan might do this purposely.

 Seeing that the wisdom path formation was completing, Qi Sea Ancestor felt increasing pressure.

 “I can’t wait anymore!” Thoughts collided in Qi Sea Ancestor’s mind, he thought: “Looking at Fairy Zi Wei’s attitude, with Bai Ning Bing and Ying Wu Xie at the lead, this formation might likely deduce the main body’s location. The main body does not have much foundation in information path, otherwise, if we could break our connection with Bai Ning Bing and Hei Lou Lan, even three of Fairy Zi Wei combined would not be able to do anything.”

 “Fairy Zi Wei and the rest have great strength, with Calamity Luck Altar’s defense and Bing Sai Chuan’s wariness towards Heavenly Court, if I attack now, I will not be able to destroy the formation, Heavenly Court would instead get suspicious of me.”

 The Qi Sea clone was powerful, but he could not turn this situation around alone and suppress everyone, the key person now was still Qin Ding Ling!

 Qi Sea Ancestor listened to Bing Sai Chuan’s words while asking Qin Ding Ling in secret: “Looking at this situation, Shadow Sect and Longevity Heaven think highly of this formation. But can we trust them? Regardless of whether Fairy Zi Wei can deduce a result successfully, the formation is still under her control. If she tells us a location, how do we ensure that it is right? Will Fairy Zi Wei hide anything from us?”

 The Qi Sea clone started to sow discord, he could not let Bing Sai Chuan ally with the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals too. Otherwise, the main body would face the pressure of Shadow Sect, Longevity Heaven, and Heavenly Court, it would be too much!

 If this was the Heavenly Court from Fang Yuan’s previous life, they would definitely have no inclination to work with other forces.

 But fate Gu was destroyed by Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court lost their greatest spiritual banner, they also suffered many setbacks and lost a lot of reputation. One could say that their title of the number one human force was already undeserved, they faced a lot of criticism.

 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were all elites, they learned from this lesson and started to change. Qin Ding Ling was the leader of Heavenly Court, she started to gather help and put down her pride, earlier, when Qin Ding Ling took the initiative to help Qi Sea Ancestor chase away Demon Immortal Qi Jue, it was the best proof of this.

 Thus, the probability that Heavenly Court, Shadow Sect, and Longevity Heaven would work together was not low.

 The Qi Sea clone’s words were very effective, Heavenly Court and Fairy Zi Wei could not trust each other. This way, even if Fairy Zi Wei’s deduction succeeded, it would not have any meaning.

 Qin Ding Ling was silent for a while before transmitting to Qi Sea Ancestor: “I would like ancestor to go and chase after Dragon Palace and Spectral Soul.”

 Qi Sea Ancestor was slightly dazed: “Do you know the location of Fang Yuan already?”

 “I don’t.” Qin Ding Ling smiled at Qi Sea Ancestor.

 The Qi Sea clone looked at Qin Ding Ling deeply in the eye, he realized that Qin Ding Ling knew what she was doing, she had never trusted Shadow Sect’s Fairy Zi Wei or Longevity Heaven, trusting them was stupid. The reason she stayed behind was to guard the dream realm and also rest and recover.

 Heavenly Court lacked a peak rank eight battle strength, after leaving Heavenly Court, they also lost their territorial advantage. They seemed powerful and had great morale but if they were careless, they would suffer huge losses.

 Heavenly Court could not afford to lose anymore!

 Qin Ding Ling had to be vigilant and careful.

 Right now, Spectral Soul was chasing Dragon Palace, Qing Chou was chasing Spectral Soul, while Demon Immortal Qi Jue was chasing Myriad Year Flying Warship.

 Qin Ding Ling knew that Demon Immortal Qi Jue, who had Xi Land, was Qi Sea Ancestor’s greatest counter, even if Fang Yuan was inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, Qi Sea Ancestor would not be able to do anything to Demon Immortal Qi Jue even if he went there.

 Instead, if Qi Sea Ancestor chased after Spectral Soul, he would be able to influence the situation.

 From Heavenly Court’s perspective, Fang Yuan was someone who needed to die, Shadow Sect or Longevity Heaven were enemies as well. But Heavenly Court’s strength was not like before, they were very weak, even though Qi Sea Ancestor was on their side, he was still not their member after all.

 Qin Ding Ling sighed deeply: “Fang Yuan is too crafty, even though him splitting up seemed simple, it allowed the pressure on him to decrease greatly, we have no choice but to stay behind and temporarily stop chasing him.”

 “Spectral Soul is stronger than Demon Immortal Qi Jue, if he kills Fang Yuan and gets everything, this former Demon Venerable will rise up again!”

 “Qi Sea Ancestor, we hope you can think for the sake of everyone in the world, let these two demons fight it out while our righteous path remains victorious in the end.”

 Qin Ding Ling was a talented leader after all! Even though she was leading a weaker Heavenly Court, she had never given up, she made plans to try and raise their chances of victory as much as possible.



***
Chapter 2036 Strong, Weak


***





 



 "Go." Fairy Zi Wei called out as her fingers moved rapidly, producing countless shadows. The killer move activated, a thousand Gu worms flew out and turned into a vague purple shadow that filled up the final blank area of the wisdom path formation.


 The Gu Immortals watched were all first rate Gu Immortals in the entire five regions, seeing this, they could not help but admit that Fairy Zi Wei was very skilled at setting up formations.


 Fairy Zi Wei let out a breath of air, perspiration gathering on her forehead.


 Her eyes stared at the formation before her, at this point, it was time to add in the core Immortal Gu.


 This situation was quite peculiar, Fairy Zi Wei was setting up the formation in front of many strong foes. There was a chance that these Gu Immortals might attack her during the process, thus, Fairy Zi Wei used a rare method for this arrangement, she first placed the mortal Gu and set up a bare framework first, before filling it up with Immortal Gu at the end.


 Fairy Zi Wei temporarily stopped her actions to catch a breather, she looked at Qin Ding Ling and Calamity Luck Altar.


 Calamity Luck Altar was shining in brilliant light, the Gu Immortal controlling the Immortal Gu House, Bing Sai Chuan, knew about her worries, he transmitted: "With my protection, you can rest assured, quickly set up the formation."


 Fairy Zi Wei did not have Fang Yuan’s formation flag Gu, otherwise, she would not need to set up this formation each time.


 She knew that time was running out, after hearing Bing Sai Chuan’s words, she started to put Immortal Gu into the formation.


 Each time an Immortal Gu was placed, the formation would shake once and shine in a beautiful purple light, the scene was incredibly beautiful, it was a pity that none of the Gu Immortals had the mood to appreciate it.


 Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan stared at the formation, guarding against any potential threats that would attack, he broke the silence as he said: "Hei Lou Lan, you have been with Fang Yuan for a long time, what do you think he would do in this situation?"


 Hei Lou Lan was standing right beside Bing Sai Chuan, even though she was a woman, her face had strong contours, she possessed sharp and long brows, bright eyes and a heroic aura.


 Hei Lou Lan heard the question, she thought about it and said: "Fang Yuan only has three options, Dragon Palace, Myriad Year Flying Warship, or to stay in the dream realm.


 "Hiding in the dream realm is too risky for Fang Yuan. Not only can Spectral Soul take the dream realm away, Heavenly Court also has ways to deal with the dream realm. If I were Fang Yuan, I would not stay here and wait for death."


 "Of course..." Hei Lou Lan smiled helplessly: "This is not guaranteed to be the case, thus, Heavenly Court chose to stay by the dream realm. Fairy Zi Wei has also stayed behind to make deductions using the formation, she is also observing the dream realm. She is a wisdom path great expert, she knows that she cannot interfere with the two Immortal Gu Houses, she is most needed here."


 "Myriad Year Flying Warship is faster than Dragon Palace, this can deceive the enemy, but I do not think that Fang Yuan would hide inside it. This is because Myriad Year Flying Warship is still slower than Spectral Soul, but its defense is lower than Dragon Palace. If Spectral Soul chooses to chase Myriad Year Flying Warship and attack it, Myriad Year Flying Warship would not last as long as Dragon Palace."


 Hei Lou Lan smiled coldly: "During the fate war, Fang Yuan lost his Twelve Zodiac battle formation, if it were still around, he would likely escape in Myriad Year Flying Warship. Thus, I think that Fang Yuan is most likely hiding inside Dragon Palace!"


 Hei Lou Lan had an eerie gaze: "Spectral Soul likely thinks the same too, that is why he chased Dragon Palace while asking Demon Immortal Qi Jue to go after Myriad Year Flying Warship, he made precautions for both situations. Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body originated from Spectral Soul, he also has all of Spectral Soul’s dream realms. If Spectral Soul can kill him and reclaim the sovereign immortal body and the dream realms, he will rise up once again!"


 "Even though we want to kill Fang Yuan, we cannot let Spectral Soul succeed. Even though Shadow Sect is working with us now, they have ill intentions. After all, Fairy Zi Wei managed to deduce the fact Fang Yuan was in Heavenly Court but they kept it from us, allowing Spectral Soul to attack Heavenly Court alone. Only when they needed our reinforcement did they call for us."


 "Thus, in my opinion, we should just watch from the side and exert influence on the situation. If possible, it will be best if we can take down Spectral Soul, Fang Yuan, and Heavenly Court in one move!"


 "Hahaha." Bing Sai Chuan laughed loudly, praising: "Good analysis! Quite impressive. Northern Plains’ Hei tribe was too disappointing, but you live up to Giant Sun’s bloodline. I’ll tell you the truth, after I woke up, I received information about you. After observing you for some time, I can say that you are a genius! It was just that your life was quite tough, you were schemed against by your father and suppressed by Fang Yuan, you merely lacked an opportunity to develop, otherwise, you would not be in this state."


 Hei Lou Lan heard the praise, her gaze focused on Bing Sai Chuan’s face.


 Bing Sai Chuan had a tall body, his face was gentle but there was an ugly scar extending from his right ear to his left cheek. He originally had a cold expression but now, he looked at Hei Lou Lan with admiration and satisfaction.


 Hei Lou Lan’s heart jumped, an intense feeling appeared in her heart. Bing Sai Chuan’s appreciation towards her ability was probably the most valuable fortuitous encounter in her life!


 After realizing that, Hei Lou Lan did not hesitate anymore, she stood straight and cupped her fists: "I will listen to lord’s orders!"


 Bing Sai Chuan laughed loudly, before stopping as he looked at Hei Lou Lan with a solemn and serious gaze: "Good, Hei Lou Lan, are you willing to rebuild Northern Plains’ Hei tribe?"


 Northern Plains’ Hei tribe had been taken down long ago, it was now occupied by Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to develop his tribe. Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals even became members of Bai Zu tribe, they were simply the disgrace of the Huang Jin bloodline.


 Hei Lou Lan expressed her willingness to do so no matter what.


 "But I am currently too weak..." Hei Lou Lan purposely showed a hesitant expression filled with difficulty.


 Bing Sai Chuan waved his hand as he tossed her a Gu worm.


 Hei Lou Lan quickly received it, she saw that this rank seven Immortal Gu looked like a black and gold beetle, it was very heavy, Hei Lou Lan did not recognize it at once.


 Bing Sai Chuan explained: "Hei Lou Lan, you have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, you should cultivate solely strength path, your future will be very bright. You have our Huang Jin bloodline, you are a Northern Plainsman from birth, I am sure you will not disappoint me, we will not stint on your strength path resources from now on. Take this strong Gu first, even though it is rule path, it suits you very well."


 "Strong Gu?!" Hei Lou Lan’s body shook.


 "Alright, Fairy Zi Wei’s formation is ready, go inside first." Bing Sai Chuan instructed.


 Hei Lou Lan left Calamity Luck Altar and went into the formation.


 She had a plain expression but her heart was filled with deep emotions and turbulence. Strong Gu was recorded in \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e, it had a close connection to the Great Strength True Martial Physique. Bing Sai Chuan gave this legendary Immortal Gu to Hei Lou Lan, it showed how much he wanted to nurture her.


 Hei Lou Lan realized in her heart: "It seems that my life is going to undergo a huge change now!"


 \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e, chapter five, section thirty-one states —


 Ren Zu lost freedom Gu, he was anguished and only recovered after a long time.


 Ren Zu was troubled, he asked cognition Gu: "Oh cognition Gu, how can I obtain freedom Gu again? After what happened last time, freedom Gu will not approach me anymore."


 Cognition Gu answered: "Oh human, why do you desire freedom Gu so much?"


 Ren Zu replied irritably: "Don’t you know the reason already? I am searching for freedom in order to break free of the restraints of fate."


 Cognition Gu answered once again: "Then I have nothing much to tell you. Haven’t you told fate Gu the answer to this question already?"


 Ren Zu was dazed before he recalled.


 Before he went insane, he met fate Gu. When he was harmed by fate Gu, he shouted at it that he would use his own strength and wisdom to obtain freedom, he would eventually break free from fate’s control!


 Ren Zu’s eyes brightened: "Oh Gu, I remember now, thank you for the reminder. I need to rely on myself to break free of fate. I already have my own strength, what I lack is my own wisdom. I need to let self Gu eat a mouthful of wisdom Gu, just like how it ate a part of strength Gu in the past."


 "But where is wisdom Gu?" Ren Zu asked cognition Gu.


 Cognition Gu: "I do not know. Wisdom Gu has been to many places, its location is not fixed. You can find wisdom in countless places, so human, you need to find it yourself."


 Ren Zu nodded as he set off on his journey again.


 He walked and walked and walked, one day, he saw two Gu worms chasing each other along the road.


 One Gu worm was white and tiny, it escaped ahead as it begged for mercy: "Stop chasing me, stop chasing me, I do not want to be eaten by you."


 The other Gu was clearly larger in size, it had thick armor and said in a deep tone: "I want to eat you, I want to eat you! No matter where you escape to, I will eat you!"


 The tiny white Gu was about to be caught by the larger Gu behind, it suddenly saw Ren Zu and hid behind him: "Oh human, I beg of you, quickly save me."


 Ren Zu saw that this Gu worm was so pitiful, it was chased by another Gu worm, unable to fend for itself, he felt like he was seeing himself.


 At this instance, a new heart grew in his chest — the heart of sympathy.


 Ren Zu stretched out both arms as he stopped the larger Gu: "Stop, stop chasing it."


 The armored Gu shouted: "Hey human, are you obstructing me? No, you cannot stop me, you are unable to stop me."


 "Why is that so?" Ren Zu was curious.


 The armored Gu explained: "I am strong Gu, that is weak Gu. Since time immemorial, the rule of nature is that the strong prey on the weak. Thus, strong must eat weak, weaklings are the food of the strong."


 Ren Zu sighed as he tried to convince the Gu: "Then why don’t you let it off just this once, look at how pitiful it is."


 Strong Gu sneered: "Not even once! In the eyes of the strong, weaklings have no stature, there is no sympathy for the weak. This is because heaven and earth will never pity the weak, it will only marvel at the incredible feats of the strong. Weaklings are born to be subdued, controlled, and devoured by the strong."


 Ren Zu saw that his words fell on deaf ears, he could only deny strong Gu forcefully: "I have already saved this Gu, go and eat others."


 Strong Gu knew that it could not beat Ren Zu alone, it could only fly away in dissatisfaction: "I will be back."



***
Chapter 2037 Myriad Destruction Lightning Fores


***





 



 Bai Ning Bing, Ying Wu Xie, and the rest went into the formation one by one, finally, Fairy Zi Wei also went to the center of the formation, activating it.


 The deduction was beginning.


 Qi Sea Ancestor did not move, he stayed at the original spot.


 "If I take action now to destroy the formation, will it help my main body?" Qi Sea Ancestor analyzed, he estimated his chances.


 Once the formation was damaged or even destroyed, the Gu Immortals inside would suffer backlash, but Qi Sea Ancestor could not be certain of the exact effect.


 Furthermore, if Qi Sea Ancestor struck now, the secret that he was Fang Yuan’s clone would be exposed for sure.


 "If only I could convince Qin Ding Ling and the rest to strike together." Qi Sea Ancestor sighed internally.


 Even though Qin Ding Ling was not a wisdom path great expert, she was not so easy to deceive. Qi Sea Ancestor did not even dare to say anything odd now, otherwise, Heavenly Court might find out the truth instead.


 "Ancestor, time is pressing, you need to consider the big picture!" Qin Ding Ling was secretly sending transmissions to him, trying to convince Qi Sea Ancestor. She wanted him to chase after Dragon Palace and Spectral Soul, but Qi Sea Ancestor started to talk about payment instead.


 Qi Sea Ancestor sighed: "Fairy Qin, precisely because of the big picture, I am being shameless in asking you for the three qi Immortal Gu. My methods are all known by the enemies, only with these Immortal Gu can I gain a boost in strength and catch the enemies by surprise. For the sake of the people, for the righteousness of humanity, I hope you will consider the big picture and give those three Immortal Gu to me."


 Qin Ding Ling mentally rolled her eyes, this Qi Sea Ancestor was not just shameless, he was incomparably so, using this opportunity to ask for huge compensation. He wanted three rank eight Immortal Gu at once, the cores of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance! He was simply too greedy.


 But Qin Ding Ling had many worries now, if she fell out with Qi Sea Ancestor, Heavenly Court would not have any peak rank eight battle strength, they would likely be targeted by Shadow Sect and Longevity Heaven.


 Qi Sea clone purposely chose this current situation to exert pressure on Qin Ding Ling.


 Qin Ding Ling sighed: "Qi Sea Ancestor, why must you force us now? Back then, in Eastern Sea, who helped you to resist Demon Immortal Qi Jue?"


 Qi Sea Ancestor replied: "If we want to talk about favors, I am sure you all owe me more. I have already gotten rid of Heavenly Court’s biggest threat, the qi harvest fruit is gone now. Also, in this battle, I have never slacked off, I took risks alongside all of you."


 Qin Ding Ling was silent for a while before she replied solemnly: "I can give heaven qi and earth qi Immortal Gu to you, but human qi Immortal Gu is out of the question. This is the bottom line of Heavenly Court, please understand our circumstances, ancestor."


 Qi Sea Ancestor accepted the result.


 The truth was, the Qi Sea clone did not think he would get all three qi Immortal Gu to begin with. They were all rank eight Immortal Gu connected to Primordial Origin true inheritance, they were too valuable, far beyond the value of the supposed payment. Heavenly Court could have used other resources to pay him, but because the situation was really urgent now, the Qi Sea clone fought for the greatest benefit.


 Of course, the fact that Qin Ding Ling gave the two qi path rank eight Immortal Gu to Qi Sea Ancestor on the spot caused all of the Gu Immortals to gasp in amazement.


 Qi Sea Ancestor obtained two Immortal Gu, he said his goodbyes to the Heavenly Court immortals as he chased after Dragon Palace immediately.


 "I finally got him to work." Qin Ding Ling felt very tired, but this outcome was not too bad. She would not give all three qi Immortal Gu to Qi Sea Ancestor, she had to keep at least one to use as bait against him.


 Furthermore, Qi Sea Ancestor obtained two qi Immortal Gu, he only needed human qi Immortal Gu to be able to use the killer move triple qi retraction, this temptation was probably even greater now that he had two of them.


 Dragon Palace flew rapidly in the wild winds.


 In the dream realm earlier, Wu Shuai got sufficient time to put all his effort into repairing Dragon Palace, at least from the outside, it looked restored.


 "The damage to the core Immortal Gu cannot be resolved quickly, this is already my limit!" Wu Shuai was very worried.


 Behind Dragon Palace, a female rank eight soul path immortal was chasing it relentlessly.


 It was Spectral Soul who was inside Lady Cold Ash’s body. He emanated black qi as he surged with killing intent, he locked onto Dragon Palace without any signs of hesitation or giving up.


 "You cannot escape, Fang Yuan! Even if you escape to the ends of the world, I will definitely kill you." Spectral Soul had just said that when his pupils expanded.


 Wherever Spectral Soul’s gaze landed, smoke that was pitch black appeared, quickly reaching Dragon Palace.


 The smoke expanded rapidly, with a soft sound, it turned into a round spiral that had an immense suction force.


 Wu Shuai was controlling Dragon Palace, he was caught by surprise as Dragon Palace’s speed fell, it fell towards the black smoke spiral.


 "What move is this?!" Wu Shuai gritted his teeth, veins bulged on his forehead as he tried to move Dragon Palace to the sky.


 Ever since they fought, Spectral Soul’s soul path methods had been endless, it was hard to guard against them. Especially when Spectral Soul was such an expert with abundant experiences, he could use these soul path killer moves beyond their usual limits.


 Dragon Palace turned around with difficulty, attempting to fly away from the black smoke spiral from above.


 Spectral Soul sneered, he pointed his finger. Black light quickly gathered on his finger, it shot out, instantly hitting the area around Dragon Palace.


 The tiny black light expanded rapidly, turning into an immemorial soul beast.


 Seeing that the immemorial soul beast was about to pounce on Dragon Palace, Wu Shuai was shocked, his pupils expanded rapidly.


 If Dragon Palace got hit, its movement would be obstructed, it would fall into the black spiral along with the immemorial soul beast. In that case, the precious time that Fang Yuan obtained through this tactic would be completely wasted.


 At the crucial moment, Wu Shuai shouted, his eyes shined with mysterious dazzling light.


 Dragon Palace reacted to it, golden light erupted, a wave of pink smoke rapidly gathered, easily dragging the immemorial soul beast away, into the depths of Dragon Palace. The powerful immemorial soul beast could not resist it at all!


 Spectral Soul was not surprised.


 This was the dream path killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke.


 Wu Shuai got rid of the immemorial soul beast, Dragon Palace managed to fly far above the spiral.


 At this time, Spectral Soul’s body suddenly appeared near Dragon Palace, his eyes shined with cold light: "I have been waiting for this!"


 At the same time, ’Spectral Soul’, who was far away, faded into nothingness.


 Spectral Soul slammed with his palm, the silhouette of a soul mountain appeared and pressed down on Dragon Palace.


 This soul mountain was huge, the top was beyond the clouds, looking from below, Wu Shuai’s entire vision was obstructed.


 It covered the entire sky!


 But the soul mountain’s appearance was very familiar to Wu Shuai.


 "Isn’t this Dang Hun Mountain?" Wu Shuai was shocked and uncertain.


 Bam!


 With a loud sound, Dang Hun Mountain crashed down on Dragon Palace.


 Dragon Palace’s beautiful roof met with a devastating blow. Countless tiles shattered, many Gu worms died at once.


 And even worse was that due to the impact, even though Dragon Palace struggled, it was slammed into the black smoke spiral by the giant soul mountain.


 The spiral surrounded the entirety of Dragon Palace, an immeasurable suction force started acting on it.


 Dragon Palace spun around along with the spiral, losing its sense of direction. Wu Shuai had to leave his throne as he tried to think of a way to break out of this situation, but it was hopeless in the short term.


 "Don’t tell me this is Spectral Soul’s truth strength?" Wu Shuai gritted his teeth.


 Spectral Soul unleashed several killer moves in succession, Wu Shuai was very tired in trying to deal with them. The great rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace could not put up a resistance, with Spectral Soul’s array of killer moves, he managed to suppress Dragon Palace forcefully.


 Wu Shuai stared with furious eyes, he had to try and delay for time, he instilled immortal essence to try and fix the Immortal Gu House, wanting to maintain his defensive position.


 "In this situation, the main body’s safety is in my hands! But how long can I last?" Wu Shuai was completely unsure at this point.


 Fang Yuan’s main body was deep inside Dragon Palace.


 The heaven path dao marks prevented him from doing anything now. The unlimited qi sea killer move he used earlier against the primordial qi wall was also prepared for a long time, he used human path methods to find a gap in the restriction of the heaven path dao marks, allowing him to make one move.


 But with just that action, after breaking the qi wall, the heaven path dao marks reacted and started to obstruct Fang Yuan in another way.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan did not get greedy and quickly stopped using his killer move. Otherwise, the strong interference would cause his killer move to fail, he would suffer intense backlash.


 Fang Yuan only found that human path could resist heaven path. Dream path might be effective but his attainment in dream path was not high enough.


 Ever since he obtained Heavenly Court’s heaven path research results, Fang Yuan had been researching on them.


 He was fighting against time!


 It was possible that a minute’s or even a second’s difference would lead to either surviving or dying.


 Immortal killer move — Heaven-human Sensation!


 Immortal killer move — Human Executing Heaven’s Work!


 Within the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan’s will mixed with heaven’s will, he sensed various heaven path dao marks.


 Refine them!


 Immortal killer move — Unrestrained Heavenly Mark!


 This killer move was meant to deal with heaven path dao marks, Fang Yuan did not care about the cost, he expended rank eight immortal essence rapidly, he quickly refined three heaven path dao marks successfully.


 "Wu Shuai, persevere, I have already made a huge breakthrough!" The moment Fang Yuan transmitted to Wu Shuai, a change occurred in the immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan’s success infuriated heaven’s will.


 The heaven path dao marks were like angry beasts, they were originally scattered all over the place, but now they gathered together.


 Rumble!


 Thunder rumbled as lightning roared, dark clouds formed as wild winds blew.


 The heaven path dao marks triggered a huge change, in just a few breaths of time, a tribulation was formed!


 At that instant, earth shook as mountains rumbled, lightning flashed and shattered rocks, the earth was crying out in sorrow.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped: "Don’t tell me that forcefully refining heaven path dao marks will anger the Heavenly Dao and cause a tribulation to occur? Or maybe the killer move I used has a problem?"


 Lightning clouds continued to form and spread out. Soon, they spread over a hundred li, several thousand li, tens of thousands of li, and over a hundred thousand li!


 Millions of lightning bolts flickered continuously, this was like a huge forest made of lightning bolts!


 Myriad tribulation — Myriad Destruction Lightning Forest!


 It was not an earthly calamity, a heavenly tribulation, or a grand tribulation, it was actually a myriad tribulation.


 Only a rank eight Gu Immortal could face such a tribulation.


 It was a myriad tribulation, they put fear into most rank eight Gu Immortals!



***
Chapter 2038 Internal and External Problems


***





 



 Fang Yuan immediately frowned, as if a huge rock was weighing on his mind, his expression turned grim.


 He did not think that a myriad tribulation would occur.


 Rank eight Gu Immortals stood at the peak of the Gu Immortal world, but for each one of them, every myriad tribulation was a troublesome hurdle.


 In the current Gu Immortal world, most rank eight Gu Immortals have not gone through one myriad tribulation. For example, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang were like this, even Prince Feng Xian was the same.


 Back then, why did Old Ancestor Xue Hu try all means possible to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu? It was to deal with his first ever myriad tribulation in this life! It was a pity that he created a huge commotion and ended up with a huge loss, not only did Old Ancestor Xue Hu fail to refine fortune rivalling heaven Gu, he even lost the whole of Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 Western Desert’s Thousand Transformations Ancestor had gone through one myriad tribulation. He survived it by a hairsbreadth, he was forced to recuperate for a long time. During the period, his beloved Fairy Cui Bo was killed by Fang Yuan, yet he could only send Dancer Hong Yun to investigate it.


 Beast Calamity Immortal died after suffering heavy injuries from his first myriad tribulation, leaving behind Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Bo Qing was a rank eight Gu Immortal who had passed two myriad tribulations, Duke Long was too. Throughout history, both of them were top tier experts merely below venerable level.


 Even though Fang Yuan possessed over a million dao marks after becoming a rank eight Gu Immortal, the truth was that he used the sovereign immortal aperture’s specialty to annex grotto-heavens, he skipped all his myriad tribulations.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had not gone through a single myriad tribulation.


 In his case, myriad tribulations were still huge problems. And the biggest issue now was that this current situation was really inappropriate to undergo tribulation. Fang Yuan could not estimate how long Wu Shuai could last, after all, Spectral Soul was a terrifying foe that they could not assess!


 "I need to refine these heaven path dao marks as soon as possible, only after that can I face Spectral Soul!"


 "But to refine heaven path dao marks, I need to undergo myriad tribulation?"


 Fang Yuan felt like there was a tsunami now, he went up the mountain to avoid the flood but found out that this was actually a volcano! And now, this volcano was about to erupt.


 Externally was Spectral Soul, internally was the myriad tribulation, at this moment, Fang Yuan fell into the greatest predicament of his life so far.


 "No, I still have a chance!" Even in this situation, Fang Yuan remained calm, he was not flustered.


 At the same time, at another area.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship and Demon Immortal Qi Jue were escaping and chasing respectively.


 Suddenly, ’Fang Yuan’ flew out of Myriad Year Flying Warship, using his killer move with ferocity as he forced back Demon Immortal Qi Jue temporarily.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue immediately used his investigative method, after confirming this, he transmitted to Spectral Soul: "Fang Yuan is here with me, I can’t deal with him alone. Come quickly! Otherwise, he might escape."


 Spectral Soul heard the news and got stunned for a moment.


 "Is Fang Yuan really not in Dragon Palace?" Spectral Soul thought rapidly, his attacks also slowed down as a result.


 Right now, even though Dragon Palace was trapped, it was still a rank eight Immortal Gu House, it could last for a while.


 Fang Yuan was rushing against time, Spectral Soul was the same. If he wasted time with Dragon Palace, even if he destroyed it, Fang Yuan would escape, then this entire pursuit would fail because he could not meet his goal.


 Victory in battle was never important, only the benefits behind it mattered. Combat was just one of the ways to gain benefits, the glory of victory was completely irrelevant to Spectral Soul.


 "Fang Yuan has familiar face, he can create a will and give it immortal essence and Immortal Gu to create a false impression of being the main body." Spectral Soul knew about this information, thus he was quite troubled now.


 Even though he was strong, far beyond other Gu Immortals, he could be called the number one in the world, but Fang Yuan was crafty and hard to catch, this situation was quite vexing.


 Spectral Soul knew he had to be vigilant, otherwise, he would follow in Heavenly Court’s footsteps. This Fang Yuan was just too good at escaping!


 The sovereign immortal aperture was facing countless lightning bolts, ever since the myriad tribulation formed, it had been attacking non-stop.


 Mini Southern Border suffered severe damage!


 The Heavenly Dao sought to balance deficit and surplus, which area in the sovereign immortal aperture was the most developed? It was undoubtedly Mini Southern Border. Thus, the Heavenly Dao created this myriad tribulation that targeted Mini Southern Border.


 "Myriad tribulation — Myriad Destruction Lightning Forest!" Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, doing his best to make arrangements. He ignored Spectral Soul who was outside now, he let Wu Shuai try to stall for time.


 Rumble...


 Cloud Bamboo Mountain was completely broken apart into countless pieces by the lightning bolts.


 There were eight desolate beast cloud foxes living on the mountain, and eleven desolate plant spear tip bamboos, they were completely wiped from existence by the lightning bolts. Cloud qi roots, white hair ginseng and a vast number of ordinary spear tip bamboos were all destroyed too.


 The seven colored cloud soil inside the mountain were also affected, they were scattered all over the place, after the damage from the lightning, their value fell drastically.


 Cloud Bamboo Mountain was originally taken from Southern Border’s Chi clan by Fang Yuan, it had the weakest defensive formation, thus at this moment, it was completely decimated beyond recognition.


 Soon, the other resource points started to face problems too.


 "I need to solve this internal threat as soon as possible!" Fang Yuan thought to himself, but the power of the myriad destruction lightning forest was terrifying, he could not do anything about it, each of his actions were still restricted by the heaven path dao marks.


 Thankfully, there was a bunch of Gu Immortals in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Among them, Xue Er, Shi Shi Cheng, and Mo Tan Sang were nurtured by Fang Yuan to become the new leaders of their variant human tribes. Their cultivation level was too weak, asking them to help out was simply sending them to death’s doors.


 "I will help!" At the moment of crisis, an elderly Gu Immortal stepped up, emanating rank eight aura.


 Since when did Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture gain such a powerful expert?


 This elderly man was none other than the sole rank eight in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, the current generation Combat Beast King.


 Ever since Fang Yuan’s plan succeeded and he annexed Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, all of the Gu Immortals inside were turned into his subordinates. After that, Fang Yuan gave them the true method of Gu cultivation.


 During the fate war, most of the rank seven Gu Immortals were sent out to fight, until now, Fang Yuan did not have any time to recall them, they were still wandering around in the five regions.


 Combat Beast King was a different case, because he had been cultivating inside Star Collection City, his strength rose greatly.


 This was Fang Yuan’s backup plan during the fate war to guard against people trying to invade his immortal aperture.


 During the fate war, this situation did not occur, and now that the sovereign immortal aperture had a myriad tribulation, with Fang Yuan unable to make a move, he could only send out the Combat Beast King.


 Winds blew, starlight shot out.


 The rank eight star sea snail corpse was taken out by Fang Yuan, handed to Combat Beast King. The Combat Beast King did not hesitate, he immediately used his killer move and turned into a giant covered in starlight armor.


 The giant roared as his body flew up towards the sky of lightning clouds.


 Crack!


 When the giant reached half the distance, several lightning bolts combined into one, the pillar-like bolt shot down on the star armored giant.


 If this were in the past, Combat Beast King would definitely die from getting hit by this. But after this period of cultivation, he had already learned how to use immortal killer moves.


 Thus, the defensive killer move was used by Combat Beast King before he moved, it managed to resist the lightning bolts.


 But the giant’s advancement was also halted at this moment.


 The giant landed back on the ground, its majestic body shivering as sparks remained on its body, Combat Beast King’s limbs were going numb, his movements were greatly affected.


 "Myriad tribulations are truly terrifying!" Combat Beast King was tongue-tied, he spoke with deep shock.


 Fang Yuan frowned tightly.


 Earlier, the lightning bolts combined to target Combat Beast King, that was the work of heaven’s will. The heaven path dao marks were too densely gathered now, heaven’s will was naturally being produced.


 With the manipulation of heaven’s will, the terrifying myriad tribulation became even more adaptive, it led to despair.


 "I have the killer move heaven’s will dissipation, I can even get rid of heaven’s will in dream realms. Unfortunately, I cannot use it now!" Fang Yuan sighed to himself, he needed to refine the heaven path dao marks, he had to mingle with heaven’s will and use both heaven-human sensation and human executing heaven’s work to capture the location of the heaven path dao marks. After that, he would use unrestrained heavenly mark to refine the relevant heaven path dao marks.


 Thus, heaven’s will was necessary.


 Once Fang Yuan gets rid of the heaven’s will, he would also not be able to refine these heaven path dao marks.


 "But the heaven path dao marks gathered and created a myriad tribulation, this greatly affected my refinement of the heaven path dao marks, my efficiency is less than one percent of before!"


 Originally, the heaven path dao marks were scattered all over the sovereign immortal aperture, they were like divided troops, Fang Yuan could refine them group by group, the refinement was very effective. But now that the heaven path dao marks gathered into one tight group, Fang Yuan would have huge problems in trying to target them, his refinement also started to have no progress.


 With this speed of refining the heaven path dao marks, how long would it take?


 Fang Yuan’s circumstances were really precarious!


 "Oh no, I can’t hold on anymore!" When it rains, it pours, at this moment, Wu Shuai shouted loudly as he requested for Fang Yuan’s help.


 This dragonman clone was also in a bind now.


 Veins were bulging on his forehead, he was sweating profusely, Dragon Palace was trapped in the black smoke spiral, it was taking huge damage at all times. With cracking tiles and pillars, the whole of Dragon Palace was visibly shrinking.


 Wu Shuai could only do his best to repair it, but his speed could not match Spectral Soul’s destruction.


 Seeing that a crucial area was about to be destroyed, Wu Shuai had no choice but to ask for help.


 Fang Yuan knew that his clone would not ask unless he was desperate. He sighed to himself as he switched his attention to the outside world.


 After inspecting the situation, Fang Yuan immediately took action to help Wu Shuai with the repair of the Gu House.


 They managed to alleviate the situation, but it was not enough!


 Suddenly, Wu Shuai gasped: "Why are Spectral Soul’s attacks getting slower?"


 Fang Yuan realized at once, he said: "I created a fake main body over in Myriad Year Flying Warship, it seems to have worked. Spectral Soul is hesitating now, he has always been worried that I would escape. He has no idea that Dragon Palace is about to collapse, he thinks the rank eight Immortal Gu House can still last for some time. If my ’main body’ in Myriad Year Flying Warship escapes during this period, even if he manages to take down Dragon Palace and kill you, his plan will fail regardless."


 Wu Shuai’s eyes shined: "It will be great if we can deceive him now!"



***
Chapter 2039 Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range, Wang Xiao Er


***





 



 "It’ll be difficult." Fang Yuan sighed deeply.


 Almost the same time as he said that, Spectral Soul, who was outside, attacked even quicker than before!


 Spectral Soul shouted coldly: "Fang Yuan, you are truly a disappointment. How long are you going to hide? I’ll tell you the truth, Fairy Zi Wei has already deduced your location earlier."


 "Entrusting your hope to deceit, this is the way of the weak. I gave you sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it was truly a waste!"


 "Come out and fight me, in this case, even if you die, people of the world will not say that you were cowardly, being afraid of the strong while bullying the weak."


 "Damn it!" Wu Shuai’s hope was dashed, he could not help but grit his teeth.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, frowning and not answering. From his perspective, what was the point of reputation? What he cared about was whether Fairy Zi Wei really succeeded in her deduction, was Spectral Soul trying to deceive him now, was it all an act just to bait out Fang Yuan?


 The Qi Sea clone had already left, so Fang Yuan did not know about the situation over there.


 "Even now, the wisdom path formation is still working, we cannot forget another possibility, that is Fairy Zi Wei trying to delay Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven’s action by telling Spectral Soul about the result secretly in advance. Sigh, I can’t care about it now." Fang Yuan sighed as he quickly tossed away this question.


 It was not that he found out the truth, but Dragon Palace’s current condition was too dangerous, he had no choice but to take action.


 Fang Yuan opened the door of his immortal aperture slightly, letting out the immemorial year beasts that he had prepared!


 Several immemorial year beasts roared as they charged out of Dragon Palace, attempting to destroy the black smoke spiral, while a few of them charged towards Spectral Soul.


 "Your efforts are futile." Spectral Soul made his move, black smoke spread out from his body and whipped up a dark storm, shrouding the surrounding over an immense range.

