
 He pointed repeatedly with his finger, each attack only carried a trace of smoke but it was incredibly fast, the power was overwhelming. When the black smoke hit the immemorial year beasts, it immediately expanded into countless dense smoke chains that binded the immemorial year beasts.


 The immemorial year beasts struggled but the black smoke chains were boosted by the black smoke spiral, they became thicker and tighter. The immemorial year beasts could struggle at first but soon they became unable to move, they were swept away by the spiral without resistance.


 "These are just petty tricks, you are truly a disappointment, Fang Yuan." Spectral Soul flew up into the sky as he looked down at the black smoke spiral.


 The great rank eight Immortal Gu House Dragon Palace was like a toy, once its details were exposed, it was completely toyed around with like a harmless object.


 Wu Shuai gritted his teeth, activating the killer move dreamy light smoke.


 Spectral Soul chuckled, spitting out several soul balls. The tadpole-like soul balls had tails, they moved rapidly in the air, quickly entering the immemorial year beasts.


 Thin black qi appeared around the immemorial year beasts’ bodies, the black smoke chains fused into the black qi and caused it to become much thicker.


 The three immemorial year beasts regained freedom, they growled angrily as they attacked Dragon Palace!


 One of the immemorial year beasts directly jumped into the range of dreamy light smoke.


 Their control was actually taken over by Spectral Soul.


 Dreamy light smoke swept away one immemorial year beast, Wu Shuai felt powerless. With Spectral Soul controlling the situation now, he had ample time and initiative, dreamy light smoke could no longer pose a threat, it was just a small problem.


 The soul path killer moves that Spectral Soul was using now were all unheard of by Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai, they had never seen any moves like these.


 The foundation of a rank nine venerable was truly unfathomable!


 High in the sky, the wisdom path formation continued to operate.


 Fairy Zi Wei stayed at the central control area, she showed an appearance of working her hardest to make deductions.


 Longevity Heaven’s and Heavenly Court’s immortals surrounded the wisdom path formation.


 Qin Ding Ling silently looked at the wisdom path formation, just earlier, Heavenly Court transmitted news that the few Gu Immortals staying back successfully suppressed Di Zang Sheng.


 Di Zang Sheng was hit by Primordial Origin’s qi path killer move, its condition was slipping rapidly. When Fang Yuan escaped, he abandoned it to its own demise. Now, it was not strange that Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals suppressed it.


 This point alone showed how anxious Fang Yuan was, he even gave up something like Di Zang Sheng, it showed that he was at his weakest point.


 And this fact amplified Qin Ding Ling’s killing intent towards Fang Yuan.


 This was a rare opportunity that could not be lost!


 After suppressing the Evil Dragon, the remaining Gu Immortals started to repair Heavenly Court grotto-heaven. They quickly fixed the holes, Heavenly Court’s crisis was finally alleviated.


 This also allowed Qin Ding Ling to let out a sigh of relief, but she still had other worries.


 "Qi Sea Ancestor has just left recently, with Dragon Palace’s speed and direction, it should have already reached Intestinal Gorge, right?" Qin Ding Ling thought to herself.


 Fang Yuan escaped in Dragon Palace, moving out of immemorial white heaven and into Central Continent. This enraged Heavenly Court and also caused them to be worried that the aftermath of the battle might cause severe losses.


 Intestinal Gorge was the northern entrance of Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range, it was created during the Olden Antiquity Era when a beastman expert died and fused with the surrounding mountains. It was under the control of one of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, Black Heaven Temple.


 Qin Ding Ling had already transmitted the details to Black Heaven Temple, asking them to send out their Immortal Gu House and move along Intestinal Gorge. If there was a chance they would strike, if the enemies were too strong, they would abandon Intestinal Gorge and preserve their strength as the main goal.


 After receiving Heavenly Court’s orders, Black Heaven Temple went into an alert state, they mobilized all of their strength and started to move out.


 But after waiting for a long time, they did not see Dragon Palace nor Spectral Soul.


 Qin Ding Ling did not know that Spectral Soul had already intercepted Dragon Palace along the way, they were still above the sky of Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range.


 Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range was huge, extending over hundreds of thousands of li, compared to other mountain ranges, it was relatively gentle, the resources here were not abundant, most of the mountains were barren. Thus, even though it was in Black Heaven Temple’s territory, they did not care much about it.


 This place mostly produced wind path resources, in the past, a rank seven Gu Immortal of Wind Cloud Manor came here to cultivate in seclusion, he managed to breakthrough to rank eight, it was Old Man Bei Feng. It was a pity that his life was filled with hardship, he first got captured by Fang Yuan during the fate war and became enslaved by Dragon Palace. In the intense battle earlier, Old Man Bei Feng died already.


 He was not the only one, all of the Four Dragon Generals died in this battle. Even the strongest of the enslaved, Di Zang Sheng, was now suppressed by Heavenly Court.


 On a certain mountain of Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range.


 Several youngsters were herding sheep, they got into an argument.


 A youngster was being bullied, he was the weakest and thinnest person here, he took several steps back amidst the argument.


 "Wang Xiao Er, this mountain is occupied by us, there is no place for you here."


 "Scram now, get lost from our sight."


 Several youngsters wore thick leather jackets, they had muscular bodies and vicious expressions.


 Wang Xiao Er’s clothes were patched up with many tattered areas, he looked like a beggar.


 He resisted weakly: "But my sheep need to eat, if I do not feed them sufficiently, uncle and aunt will beat me up when I return."


 The youngsters laughed loudly, the strongest one struck and pushed Wang Xiao Er to the ground.


 "Go to the other mountain to herd your sheep, there is still some grass there. Scram now! Otherwise, I will break your leg!" The muscular young man threatened viciously.


 Wang Xiao Er struggled to get up, he did not resist, he only moved his small group of sheep and left the mountain.


 He walked with his thin legs, crossing rivers and steep paths. There was no road on the mountain, Wang Xiao Er often fell down and suffered bruises from the hard rocks on the ground, only the sheep behind him were traveling without any problems.


 Wang Xiao Er finally found a small patch of grass, the sheep got tired and thirsty after running around, even without his command, they went forward and competed to eat the food.


 Wang Xiao Er was so tired he laid down on the rock and watched the sheep fighting to eat, he sighed to himself: "Recently, the sorrowful winds in the mountains are getting more violent, there is less and less grass available. That is why they chased my sheep away from that grassland."


 The patch of grass was tiny, it was completely gobbled up by the sheep after some time. The stronger sheep ate the most food while the remaining sheep growled in hunger.


 Wang Xiao Er shook his head, this mountain had little grass, it was scattered all over the place. If he wanted to feed all the sheep, he would need to head to another mountain. It would not only waste time but energy as well.


 "Oh sheep, oh sheep, at least you guys have food. In order to feed you all, I will definitely have to return late. I will definitely be beaten up by uncle and aunt, I will have to eat leftover rotten food."


 Even though Central Continent was the most developed among the five regions, most of the mortals still lived difficult lives, it was common to starve.


 Right at this time, there were suddenly rumbling noises heard.


 Wang Xiao Er raised his head, this was a strange situation, why was there thunder rumbling in this bright sky?


 After that, he slowly opened his mouth and saw a shooting star falling from the sky.


 The shooting star became larger and larger in his vision, winds became stronger, the rumbling sounds were deafening, even the temperature of the air rose.


 Wang Xiao Er was completely stunned, he froze on the spot, the surrounding sheep sensed the danger, they started crying out and running around.


 Not just the sheep, the wild beasts on the mountains were also scrambling, the originally quiet mountain suddenly became very lively.


 As the shooting star got closer, Wang Xiao Er finally got a good glimpse of it.


 This shooting star was actually a mountain-sized beast!


 The wild beast crashed down with a loud sound, coincidentally, it was the mountain that Wang Xiao Er lived on!


 The mountains collapsed as rocks flew, earth shook as the mountain trembled, dust clouds rose up rapidly.


 The village on the mountain was instantly destroyed, there were anguished cries of people mixed with the growls of beasts, Wang Xiao Er could hear these sounds spreading through the air currents produced.


 Rumble rumble rumble...


 As Wang Xiao Er stared with a frightened gaze, terrifying cracks were spreading on the ground, soon, the surroundings of the mountain peak also cracked, they fell apart piece by piece.


 The youngsters who chased Wang Xiao Er away earlier all met with a disaster!


 "Am I going to die?" Wang Xiao Er sat on the ground helplessly.


 He seemed to have lost all of his strength, he could only watch as the dust clouds devoured him like a hungry beast that ate everything in its path.


 Inside the dust clouds were countless rock shards carried by the wind.


 One of them hit Wang Xiao Er’s forehead.


 Before he fainted, his final thought was that of confusion, why did a giant beast fall from the sky?



***
Chapter 2040 Qing Mouth


***





 



 Above the clouds, in the sky.


 Dragon Palace barely managed to create a golden light to shield itself, but it was trapped inside the black smoke spiral, resisting against the ferocious attacks from the outside.


 Only three immemorial year beasts that Spectral Soul took control of were left.


 The rest were all defeated by Wu Shuai using Dragon Palace. As for their falling corpses and what mountains they destroyed, how many people they killed, nobody in this battle cared, they could not afford to bother with the devastating disaster that a mortal boy like Wang Xiao Er experienced.


 The remaining three immemorial year beasts regained their senses after the black smoke dissipated, they fought against Spectral Soul once again.


 But Wu Shuai had a heavy mood.


 These immemorial year beasts were collected by Fang Yuan in an attempt to restore his Twelve Zodiac battle formation, at this crucial moment, he had to use them for battle.


 The result was that due to Spectral Soul’s methods, they became used by him instead.


 After the fight earlier, the remaining three immemorial year beasts were all injured, they could not be used to break out of this situation. Spectral Soul easily managed to resolve Fang Yuan’s method, he dealt with the situation without breaking a sweat.


 Not only could Spectral Soul control soul beasts, ordinary enslavement path methods were also useless against him, he could use it against the enemy instead!


 Wu Shuai was deeply worried: "At this rate, how long can we last?"


 Fang Yuan frowned tightly, his opponent was Spectral Soul now, he was trying hard to maintain his defense, but inside sovereign immortal aperture, the myriad tribulation was rampaging and causing destruction. After this short while, Mini Southern Border lost many resource points, his losses were rapidly increasing.


 The bigger problem was that even if Fang Yuan gave up a portion of his immortal aperture, he could not break free from the myriad tribulation. This was because the heaven path dao marks that created the tribulation were very special, they could move around. He had to endure the myriad tribulation forcefully to get past this biggest hurdle.


 Spectral Soul’s eyes shined with cold light, he did not chase after his enemies and attack Dragon Palace again, instead, he looked away.


 In his vision, a black dot appeared.


 Soon, this dot expanded as a legendary immemorial beast showed its appearance, it had a tortoise shell, four tiger paws, dragon tail, snake neck, and a human head. Its hair was disheveled and it had a twisted expression filled with insanity.


 It was Qing Chou who had caught up!


 Spectral Soul did not avoid Qing Chou’s pursuit, instead, he started to smile coldly: "Since you are here to court death, that will be the best outcome."


 However, when Qing Chou reached Spectral Soul, the corner of its tortoise shell split open as a pair of bat wings formed instantly! This was very similar to the wings of the green claw ghost winged lion.


 Immortal killer move — Qing Mouth!


 Qing Chou opened its mouth, as it had a human face, its mouth was not big, but right now, its mouth opened to form a huge green-black hole.


 The hole expanded rapidly, it shot out and devoured Spectral Soul in one mouthful.


 The hole rapidly shrunk as it entered Qing Chou’s mouth. Qing Chou swallowed as it gulped, a ball could be seen flowing down its snake neck, into its stomach.


 "Good chance!" At this moment, brilliance flashed in Wu Shuai’s eyes.


 "This move was left behind to deal with you, scumbag!" Qing Chou roared loudly in joy after devouring Spectral Soul, memories surfaced in its mind again...


 "What, all three Gu Immortals we sent were killed by Ming You?"


 "Impossible!"


 "But that is the truth. Ming You first pretended to be weak and got injured on purpose, causing our three immortals to split up to look for him. He ambushed them at a corner and found the opportunity to launch a shameless sneak attack on them. Out of carelessness, all three immortals met with their demise."


 Qing clan’s hall turned silent.


 They wanted to restore their reputation but they ended up suffering even greater losses. A rank seven Gu Immortal was not easy to nurture, especially when they were elite rank seven Gu Immortals of Qing clan.


 The losses were really huge for Qing clan, their foundation was definitely shook.


 "Ming You deserves death! We were too careless... this lesson is very important, we need to remember it and pass it down to the future generations. I am going to deal with him personally." Qing clan first supreme elder said.


 The immortals were silent, nobody expressed their objection.


 Sending a rank eight Gu Immortal against the rank seven Ming You was really not something to be proud of. But Qing clan could not afford to lose anymore, all of the super forces in Western Desert were watching them like a joke!


 However, when Qing clan’s first supreme elder was about to set off, he received a challenge letter.


 This letter came from another Western Desert super force which had deep enmity with Qing clan, they requested a battle with Qing clan first supreme elder, wanting to use the result of this battle to decide their territorial boundary.


 "Damn it, at this juncture!" Qing clan’s Gu Immortals shouted immediately.


 "They are doing this on purpose. But the territorial boundary determines the ownership of a resource point, the benefits involved are too much. What do you think?" Qing clan first supreme elder hesitated at this moment.


 "I will go and end Ming You’s life." Qing clan’s second supreme elder stood up.


 "You?" The first supreme elder hesitated.


 Second supreme elder smiled: "I only have rank seven cultivation level but Ming You is heavily injured, he needs to recuperate. We have already learned of his details, even though his methods are innovative and peculiar, they are mostly soul related. My immemorial desolate beast green claw ghost winged lion is his nemesis. Not just that, I created an immortal move called Qing mouth, I gained inspiration from the green claw ghost winged lion and created it. Once used, it can devour souls. Don’t worry everyone, I can definitely take this Southern Border Gu Immortal’s life."


 "Alright, go ahead. Be careful on this trip." Eventually, first supreme elder nodded and agreed.


 "With second supreme elder taking action, we will definitely succeed!"


 "Ming You is as good as dead, he is not a threat, our problem now is still this challenge letter."


 "Second supreme elder, you must avenge Qing Hua Lan and the rest!"


 ...


 "I finally took revenge for all of you!" As his memories faded away, Qing Chou could not help become choked with tears, hot tears started to flow out of its red eyes.


 Revenge was finally taken, it felt relieved and free.


 "Such a familiar sight..." Spectral Soul spoke in a casual tone from within Qing Chou’s stomach.


 Qing Chou’s body instantly froze.


 Next, it felt bitterness.


 Deep bitterness.


 Intense bitterness!


 An indescribable and unendurable bitterness!


 Bitter, it was too bitter.


 "Ugh..." Qing Chou’s expression turned pale, it gagged as it almost wanted to vomit.


 It quickly gritted its teeth, enduring desperately.


 The taste of bitterness surged like a huge tsunami, it crashed towards the limits of its endurance.


 Qing Chou growled in pain, its entire body was shivering from the bitterness, it could no longer fly as it fell towards the ground.


 While descending, it started to feel hungry!


 It was as if there was an empty space in its stomach.


 No, it was not just hunger, it was a sort of loss. It was as if its entire body was experiencing a loss.


 "Now, you should know how Qing clan’s second supreme elder died in my hands? Indeed, I purposely got hit by Qing mouth killer move. Do you know why I am so confident? Hehe." Spectral Soul chuckled from inside Qing Chou’s stomach.


 Long ago, when Spectral Soul was still young, before he went up against Western Desert’s Qing clan...


 Ming You who was extremely successful in life met with a wild green claw ghost winged lion and suffered a terrible defeat.


 "Impossible! The soul path I created actually failed to beat a beast. Even though it is an immemorial desolate beast, my soul path... how can my soul path be so pathetic and weak?!"


 Ming You who was tired after a long fight fell to the ground, he stared at the green claw ghost winged lion with a crazed expression of disbelief and indignance.


 The green claw ghost winged lion stood on four legs, it looked at Ming You who was on the sandy ground, its entire body was casting the shadow of death down on him.


 Next, the green claw ghost winged lion lowered its head as it opened its bloodthirsty mouth.


 Plop.


 With a soft sound, the green claw ghost winged lion bit off Ming You’s leg.


 Ah——!


 Ming You cried out in pain, after losing his entire right leg, blood poured out of the wound.


 The intense pain caused him to curl his body, twisting around on the ground. Soon, the surroundings were dyed red from blood.


 After biting off his right leg, the green claw ghost winged lion swallowed it and felt annoyed by the moving Ming You, it stretched out its right claw and pressed him firmly on the ground.


 No matter how Ming You struggled, he could not resist the strength of this beast.


 The green claw ghost winged lion lowered its head and bit off Ming You’s left arm this time, swallowing it.


 Ming You cried out in pain again, his eyes turned white as he almost fainted from pain.


 The pain was even more severe this time, earlier when his right leg was bitten off by the green claw ghost winged lion, it was a quick action, but this time, his left arm was torn off forcefully. There was still a small chunk of flesh left on his shoulder, the white arm bone could be seen with the naked eye.


 Ming You resisted, he used a soul path killer move with his full strength, but all his attack only impacted the green claw ghost winged lion slightly, it did not move back at all.


 Because of the attack, the green claw ghost winged lion lost its patience, it opened its mouth for the third time and ate Ming You entirely.


 It started to move its teeth and chew.


 Ming You’s body was pierced and minced, his bones were all shattered. His brain was not spared either, blood matter and brain matter mixed together, along with his minced flesh, they were all swallowed by the green claw ghost winged lion.


 Only Ming You’s soul was left.


 However, the green claw ghost winged lion could not digest human bodies, it only ate souls as food.


 Ming You’s soul could not escape from the green claw ghost winged lion’s stomach, he was rapidly broken down by the gastric acid.


 The shadow of death loomed over him.


 Ming You’s soul shook intensely, he realized that death was approaching him.


 "Am I going to die..."


 "Dying in the mouth of a mere beast?"


 Damn it!


 Indignance!


 "I am still too weak. I can do much more!"


 "I can definitely do more things, I have just created soul path..."


 But his soul path methods were countered by the green claw ghost winged lion. This immemorial desolate beast was simply the natural nemesis of Ming You!


 "I cannot die here. I will not accept this outcome."


 "There must be a way, there has to be a way!"


 "My immortal aperture is still inside my flesh body, it is still with me. My Gu worms are around too... but soul path is useless here. I, I still have food path!"


 But the food path killer moves he had could not resist the green claw ghost winged lion, otherwise, he would have used them already, he would not end up like this.


 "If existing food path killer moves are useless, I will create new food path killer moves!"


 This was wishful thinking, but for Ming You, it was his only hope, even though the hope was extremely slim.


 Ming You did not think about the unlikeliness of this action, he only focused on thinking, doing his best to create his concept.


 Never before was he so concentrated on something!


 His soul was still eroding, it became smaller and smaller.


 His thoughts were producing at an increasing slower speed.


 Soon, even his thoughts could not move anymore.


 "I... cannot... give up..."


 "I have to think... I got it... \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e..."


 "That’s right, didn’t Ren Zu get eaten as well?"



***
Chapter 2041 Bitter Taste, Swallow Loss


***





 



 \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e, chapter five, section thirty-two.


 Ren Zu continued on his journey, after a while, a huge Predicament entered Ren Zu’s vision.


 Strong Gu was inside this Predicament’s body, it laughed: "Oh human, I am back again. This time, I have help, let’s see what you can do!"


 Ren Zu had to stop walking, even though the Predicament before him was huge, he did not fluster.


 Long long ago, Ren Zu had been chased by a group of Predicaments as he escaped, but after he gave his heart to hope Gu, those Predicaments which feared hope escaped in panic.


 "Oh hope Gu, I need your help."


 Ren Zu summoned hope Gu but the light of hope did not scare away this Predicament.


 What was going on?


 "Haha!" Strong Gu laughed: "Oh human, this Predicament has gained my help, it will definitely be the greatest Predicament you have ever met in your life. With just hope, how can you possibly defeat it?"


 Ren Zu could not think of a way.


 At this moment, weak Gu that was shielded by Ren Zu spoke in a soft voice: "Oh human, thank you for protecting me. Don’t worry, I have an idea, let’s scare this Predicament away!"


 "You can scare it away?"


 Weak Gu shook its head: "Oh human, even something as weak as me has a method to survive in life. Against those that want to eat or bully me, I will often put up a deceiving disguise, to make others think that I am very strong."


 "This world favors the strong. Even if we are weak, we need to disguise ourselves as strong beings or we will be bullied everywhere."


 "Oh human, you can do it. Don’t you have fear Gu? Isn’t attitude Gu on your face?"


 Ren Zu heard weak Gu’s suggestion and decided to try it.


 He first twisted his appearance using attitude Gu, revealing his teeth and showing a fierce expression. Next, he used fear Gu to scare the Predicament as it bore its teeth, sprawling on the ground and staring at Ren Zu vigilantly.


 Ren Zu was dazed: "Why didn’t we scare it away?"


 Weak Gu urged: "Didn’t it jump earlier? This means that my method works, but we need to put in more effort. Oh human, why don’t you put attitude Gu on top of self Gu? What is the best form of deceit or disguise? It is to deceive even yourself. By doing that, we should be able to deceive the Predicament."


 Weak Gu continued: "As long as the Predicament thinks that you are strong, it will definitely let you pass. That is because Predicaments often take the initiative to give way to the strong."


 Ren Zu took off the mask on his face as he placed attitude Gu on self Gu.


 However, it was pointless.


 The Predicament did not run off in fear.


 Ren Zu realized at once: "I understand now, when a person faces a huge predicament, putting up a facade will never solve the real problem."


 Strong Gu laughed: "Oh human, stop wasting your effort. With me here to remind the Predicament, how can you guys possibly deceive it? You should not have saved weak Gu, weak people often like to jeer and taunt others, showing a ruthless demeanor to conceal their own weakness inside."


 Ren Zu was helpless, he could only stall for time temporarily.


 Suddenly, he had a flash of inspiration as he said to strong Gu: "You said that the law of survival is for the strong to eat the weak, I agree with that. But how do you prove that you are strong while we are weak? If you cannot prove this, on what basis are you allowed to eat us?"


 Strong Gu was dazed: "It is because I am strong Gu and that is weak Gu."


 Ren Zu shook his head: "Just your names alone cannot prove anything. Moreover, other than both of you Gu worms, myself and this Predicament are also here."


 Strong Gu smiled coldly: "Then I have a good method to prove it! We will eat a portion of each other, whoever fails to persevere to the end will lose, whoever is weak deserves to be eaten."


 Ren Zu saw that he could not stall for any more time, he had to take a risk: "Then we will do that. Don’t regret it! However, which of us will eat first?"


 Strong Gu was confident in its strength, it chuckled: "So what if I let you go first?"


 Ren Zu assessed the Predicament with his gaze, the truth was he had never eaten any Predicaments before.


 Ren Zu thought about it before he had an idea: "Then I will eat the head of the Predicament first."


 Thus, Predicament took off its head and gave it to Ren Zu.


 Ren Zu only took a bite when his face became distorted, he almost vomited on the spot: "So bitter!"


 It turned out that this was a huge bitter head[1].


 Not just that, even though the Predicament lost its head, it was still standing, the neck that was missing a head did not bleed at all, there were no issues at all.


 "Haha!" Strong Gu laughed: "Oh human, you chose wrongly, by just eating bitter heads, you cannot resolve any predicaments. Moreover, whether you are capable of eating this huge bitter head is another question altogether! If you cannot eat it, it means that you are a weakling, you deserve to be eaten by us."


 Compared to the Predicament’s head, Ren Zu’s body was very small.


 Ren Zu knew that strong Gu was right, he could not afford to lose. If he lost, not only would he fail to protect weak Gu, he would even lose his life and become the food of the Predicament.


 Ren Zu could only frown as he opened his mouth, continuing to eat the bitter head.


 After taking dozens of mouthfuls, Ren Zu suddenly stopped, he opened his mouth and almost vomited.


 Hope Gu encouraged him: "Oh human, don’t vomit. If you grit your teeth, you can devour any hardship that comes your way. Humans do not just need to eat food, they also need to taste bitterness."


 Ren Zu nodded as he continued to eat.


 Halfway through, the fear Gu on his body started to shout: "Oh heaven, when will we ever finish eating it?"


 Ren Zu also felt a trace of despair.


 Courage Gu quickly said: "Oh human, you cannot be afraid of tasting bitterness. Don’t fear bitterness, suffering is only temporary, if you start to fear suffering, you will suffer for life."


 With the help of courage Gu, Ren Zu finally managed to eat all of the bitter heads after great hardship.


 Ren Zu wiped his mouth as he looked at strong Gu with difficulty: "You can choose now."


 Strong Gu smiled: "Then we will eat your skin first."


 Ren Zu had to pull off the skin on his body as he threw it to the Predicament.


 The Predicament had no head, it stuffed Ren Zu’s skin down its neck. Ren Zu’s skin was completely eaten but its huge belly did not expand at all.


 Strong Gu asked again: "Oh human, what are you going to eat next?"


 Ren Zu was troubled now, he had just eaten the Predicament’s head, it was too bitter, even though he endured the process, his stomach was almost full now.


 As for the Predicament, even though it had no head, it was still alive and standing.


 "What should I eat now? I ate too much earlier, my stomach is reaching its limit, if I have to eat a lot, my stomach might burst and I’ll die." Ren Zu thought to himself, he had to eat the most important and fatal part of the Predicament’s body!


 But which part of the Predicament’s body was the most important?


 After thinking for a long time, Ren Zu finally had an idea, he said to strong Gu: "Then I will eat the part that you absolutely do not want me to eat."


 Strong Gu snorted coldly: "Then you can eat some losses[2]."


 It took out all of the losses from the Predicament’s body and gave it to Ren Zu for consumption.


 These losses were not big, the quantity was not large either.


 Ren Zu was quite surprised, because after these losses were taken out, the originally huge Predicament shrunk by a lot.


 Rules and regulation Gu started to explain for Ren Zu: "Oh human, this is not strange. Predicaments vary according to people, since you ate such a huge bitter head earlier, you will have less losses to eat, thus, it became smaller."


 Ren Zu became happy: "This is great. Even if I eat all of these losses, I will not reach my limit, it will not fill my stomach completely."


 Ren Zu opened his mouth and ate a small loss.


 It was so spicy!


 Ren Zu could not even speak at this moment.


 Continuing to eat.


 Ren Zu opened his mouth as he breathed heavily, his empty eye sockets also started to tear up uncontrollably.


 Eating again.


 Ren Zu’s entire body was covered in sweat that merged with the tears flowing out of his eye sockets.


 The most uncomfortable thing for Ren Zu was that budding flames started to appear in his heart. These yellowish flames resembled chicks, they gathered together in groups.


 The more losses one ate, the more flames of resentment they would feel in their heart.


 The more flames of resentment they had, the more uncomfortable it felt, even Ren Zu’s several hearts could not take it, they were going to be incinerated soon!


 Right at this moment, the heart of nobleness grew in Ren Zu’s chest.


 Compared to the other hearts, the heart of nobleness was able to endure the most flames of resentment. With this heart to bear the burden, Ren Zu finally managed to endure it.


 Ren Zu ate all of the losses.


 Strong Gu looked at Ren Zu’s bulging belly as he smiled coldly: "Oh human, you are almost at your limit, it is time for us to eat."


 Ren Zu breathed roughly as he asked: "What do you want to eat?"


 Strong Gu said: "I want to eat your flesh."


 Ren Zu was helpless about it, he could only let it eat his flesh.


 Ren Zu’s skin and flesh were inside Predicament’s stomach, he only had his bones, organs, and hair left.


 ...


 In this deep and eerie darkness, only Ming You’s thoughts were flickering with much difficulty, radiating the light of hope near the end of his life.


 "I... can do it..."


 "Come on... come on..."


 Food path killer move — Bitter Taste!


 Food path killer move — Swallow Loss!


 The green claw ghost winged lion was flying in the air, suddenly, its body shook as it fell towards the ground with a pitiful cry.


 With a loud sound, it crashed into the desert, creating a deep pit.


 The green claw ghost winged lion struggled intensely, causing the sand on the ground to turn into a huge sand wave.


 It could not endure the immense feelings of bitterness, the flames of resentment burned intensely in its heart.


 It knew that Ming You was the one causing problems in its stomach, it stabbed its claw into its stomach without hesitation!


 After spending a long time struggling, it slowly came to a halt as its life force dissipated.


 Using the hole that its claw created, Ming You’s soul flew out like a trace of smoke, bringing along his immortal essence and Gu worms, escaping from the stomach of the beast.


 "I actually survived." Even he did not think that this would be the outcome!


 His soul was dim, after floating and moving for some time, he collapsed onto the ground.


 Only after resting for a long time did he recover slightly.


 Looking at the dark sky, Spectral Soul who was still a young adult snorted coldly before laughing to himself: "Pathetic, truly pathetic. However, in this world, in this world... who does not struggle at death’s doors?"


 "I swear!" Spectral Soul’s figure was blur and vague, he seemed to be pointing at heaven.


 He used an extremely firm and determined, yet incomparably weak voice to shout with all his strength: "This is the last time I will struggle before death in my life! From today onwards, only I can cause others to struggle in the face of death, the five regions and two heavens can bear testament to my words!"


 Heaven and earth was silent.


 Going back to the present, his memories faded away as the battlefield reappeared.


 Qing Chou was rolling around in the air, finally, it could not take it anymore as it vomited out Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul’s body was like a phantom, moving rapidly and reaching Qing Chou’s back.


 He raised his right arm as his five fingers turned black like ink, it was quite peculiar. His five fingernails were longer than his fingers, they were white and sharp, emitting an icy and terrifying aura.


 "Go ahead and struggle to death. Don’t worry, I will not let any of you feel even the slightest hope of survival!"


 Spectral Soul’s eyes shined with a dark light, his five fingers stabbed at lightning speed.


 Roar—!


 Qing Chou’s body shook, all of its strength surged again as Spectral Soul quickly absorbed everything.


 [1] The Chinese phrase for suffering/hardship is written as bitter head literally.


 [2] Eat loss is the literal meaning of the phrase that means suffering a loss, being disadvantaged, or ending up in an unfavorable situation.



***
Chapter 2042 Venerable Spectral Soul


***





 



 Lightning flashed and thunder roared, causing destruction to sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Southern Border was ravaged by the myriad destruction lightning forest to a pitiful level, countless mountains collapsed, the earth cracked as deep crevices formed. Combat Beast King was bathed in blood as he fought, his injuries were getting more severe, the situation was getting tougher now.


 He was using his life to forcefully hold on and maintain the situation.


 "Compared to the might of heaven and earth, even if I am a rank eight Gu Immortal, so what?" Combat Beast King had been cultivating in sovereign immortal aperture, he gained a lot of knowledge and his strength rose greatly, giving him a boost of confidence. But now, facing the myriad tribulation, he could feel how tiny and insignificant he was.


 The range of the myriad destruction lightning forest expanded again, because Fang Yuan’s main body had to deal with the fight outside, he was at a disadvantage. Against this myriad tribulation, even if Fang Yuan put in all his effort, it would still be a dangerous process, and yet half of his attention was drawn away to deal with Spectral Soul.


 This was a myriad tribulation, countless rank eights had faltered at this hurdle!


 Fang Yuan’s situation was quite unique, this was not his first myriad tribulation. He had not just skipped two myriad tribulations, this current one was created by the three thousand heaven path dao marks in his body.


 A myriad tribulation created this way was extremely rare even in the long history of humanity.


 Forced by the situation, Fang Yuan had to multitask, he dealt with the situation outside while simultaneously observing sovereign immortal aperture.


 He looked at the heaven path dao marks that transformed into lightning path and cloud path to create this myriad tribulation, he suddenly comprehended something.


 "I think I understand something now." At that instance, he realized the origin of the calamities and tribulations!


 In the past, he knew that calamities and tribulations were controlled by the Heavenly Dao, it cared about balance, to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits. Every Gu Immortal and immortal aperture was a mass congregation of dao marks, thus, the Heavenly Dao had to take measures to maintain the balance.


 Every once in a while, the Heavenly Dao would unleash its might, creating calamities and tribulations for Gu Immortals. But how could it create these calamities and tribulations? Fang Yuan did not know.


 Right now, this question in Fang Yuan’s heart got answered by the scene before him.


 It turned out that matter what kind of tribulation, it was actually created using heaven path dao marks. The heaven path dao marks could transform into any path, thus, there were the flying frost jumping lightning tribulation, four inferno cloud tribulation, dragon roar tribulation, heavenly drum thunder tribulation, wind flower calamity, snow moon calamity, profound white flying salt calamity...


 These tribulations were of the various paths, there were many types of them, Gu Immortals could not guess what would come, thus they faced huge difficulties. The Heavenly Dao would even mimic venerable methods, for example, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s formless hand.


 All these different tribulations were merely the manifestation, in essence, they were all heaven path dao marks!


 The higher the Gu Immortal’s cultivation level, the more dao marks they would have, and the bigger the difference between them and the natural environment. The more imbalanced it was, the more heaven path dao marks would be drawn to them, and the stronger the tribulations they would face.


 Nobody in the world could cultivate heaven path, even if a Gu Immortal passed a tribulation successfully, they would not gain heaven path dao marks. These heaven path dao marks would transform into the dao marks of other paths and fuse with the Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture.


 Thinking about it, back in Crazed Demon Cave, the heaven path dao marks derived many strange and peculiar small worlds, after these worlds were destroyed, they transformed back into heaven path dao marks.


 As for the immortal tribulation tempering aperture killer move that Fang Yuan obtained from Lang Ya Sect, it used the same logic.


 Immortal tribulation tempering aperture killer move used the blessed land and grotto-heaven as the refinement target, using the killer move to connect the immortal aperture with the five regions world outside, influencing the calamities and tribulations and using it to temper the immortal aperture itself.


 Lang Ya blessed land was once located at Northern Plains’ crescent lake. Around the vicinity of crescent lake were water path and refinement path dao marks, immortal tribulation tempering aperture killer move was often used to deal with the calamities and tribulations. Most often, water path and refinement path calamities would occur. After passing it, the immortal aperture would gain water path and refinement path dao marks.


 The true effect of this move was to affect the transformation of the heaven path dao marks.


 In Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s true inheritance, there were also luck path methods to weaken tribulations. For example, Dog Shit Luck and Fortune Rivalling Heaven. He was using luck path dao marks to interfere with the creation of tribulations by the heaven path dao marks, causing a favorable change to occur and weakening the might of the tribulations.


 In Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, there was myriad beings assimilation transformation killer move, it limited the transformation of the heaven path dao marks, thus each tribulation turned into a transformation path beast calamity instead.


 The exposing heavenly secret killer move that Fang Yuan obtained from Shadow Sect could precisely deduce the content of the following tribulation. Exposing heavenly secret killer move used heavenly secret Immortal Gu as the core, very evidently, it also targeted the root source, the heaven path dao marks, to make its deductions. Thus, each deduction was extremely precise about the content.


 Immortal tribulation tempering aperture, luck path methods, myriad beings assimilation transformation, exposing heavenly secret... Fang Yuan had all of these methods, it was a pity that he could not use them now.


 The heaven path dao marks restricted his actions, he could not activate any of these moves.


 Only by using human path methods to resist heaven path could Fang Yuan gain some time and opportunity to activate other killer moves. Like earlier in Heavenly Court when he used unlimited qi sea killer move to deal with primordial qi wall.


 Fang Yuan had a human path formation in sovereign immortal aperture that used the thousand wish tree as the core. But heaven’s will was not stupid, it knew about Fang Yuan’s information. Myriad destruction lightning forest also appeared in Mini Central Continent, it was attacking the human path formation, making Fang Yuan trapped in a tighter spot.


 Roar—!


 Beast growls resounded, a large group of soul beasts moved out towards the lightning clouds in the sky.


 They charged relentlessly without any concern about their own lives.


 These were all soul beasts, most were desolate beasts, there were some ancient soul beasts and four immemorial soul beasts.


 These soul beasts were all captured by Fang Yuan in green ghost desert. Among them, the immemorial soul beasts were enslaved when Fang Yuan helped Fang clan to obtain Divine Bean Palace.


 These soul beasts were usually kept in Mini Black Heaven.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was facing a crisis, he had to make use of them.


 The soul beasts were extremely fragile under the myriad tribulation, they were completely defenseless. In just a while, a hundred desolate level soul beasts perished from the lightning bolts, more than ten ancient soul beasts died as well.


 Fang Yuan’s heart was cold as ice, he did not waver.


 The soul beast group had already served its purpose, it drew the firepower away and took away the pressure, allowing Fang Yuan to gain some time.


 This included the immemorial soul beasts, without Immortal Gu, they were just high tier cannon fodder against the myriad tribulation, but they were still useful as meat shields after all.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to use the soul beasts against Spectral Soul.


 The truth was, after Spectral Soul took control of the year beasts, Fang Yuan gave up on this aspect.


 A huge amount of strength flowed like a tidal wave into Spectral Soul’s body.


 Qing Chou struggled intensely, using killer moves to attack itself manically. However, Spectral Soul endured Qing Chou’s attacks forcefully as he continued to drain its strength.


 Soul beasts existed in this world because Spectral Soul created soul path.


 Spectral Soul understood soul beasts too well, not only could he make them loyal to him, he also has methods to extract strength from them to replenish himself.


 Qing Chou’s struggles became weaker and weaker.


 Spectral Soul looked at Qing Chou with great satisfaction, the hatred Gu within its body was already reaching completion, this fool was simply sending itself to death while contributing treasures as well.


 Spectral Soul suppressed Qing Chou while keeping his attention on Dragon Palace, all along, he did not relax, he stared at Fang Yuan’s main body without looking away.


 The entire situation was still under his control!


 Whoosh!


 Suddenly, winds blew as the air rumbled, two giant hands slammed towards Spectral Soul from the left and right.


 One hand was black while the other was white, they were grand and majestic, containing deep profundities, it was the qi path killer move — Yin-yang Great Killer Hands!


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan’s qi path clone arrived.


 Spectral Soul smiled coldly, black smoke spewing out of his body, from the smoke, two immemorial soul beasts flew out and slammed into the two qi path giant hands.


 The qi path hands grabbed as the two immemorial soul beasts growled in pain, but they did not die just yet.


 Qi Sea Ancestor could neither let go of them nor continue grabbing them at this moment.


 If he grabbed onto them, his offensive momentum would be halted. If he let go, these two immemorial soul beasts would still attack him later.


 Qi Sea Ancestor shouted as he waved both hands, letting them fly far away, bringing the immemorial soul beasts away from the battlefield.


 Spectral Soul’s goal was achieved, he used two immemorial soul beasts to restrain Qi Sea Ancestor while also wasting his energy. After all, Qi Sea Ancestor had to sustain the two qi path hands to trap the immemorial soul beasts.


 Qi Sea and Spectral Soul’s first round of fighting ended up as a simple exchange.


 Spectral Soul used two immemorial soul beasts while Qi Sea Ancestor wasted some mental energy, immortal essence, timing. Both sides were evenly matched, in fact Spectral Soul lost a bit more, after all, the immemorial soul beasts had rank eight battle strength!


 But looking at the big picture, Spectral Soul’s gains were slightly higher, he still continued to control the situation.


 Because he controlled Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven secretly, it had many immemorial soul beasts, losing two was no issue. In contrast, Qi Sea failed to use this opportunity well, he originally wanted to disrupt Spectral Soul but was interrupted, this chance was wasted.


 Spectral Soul made use of his advantage well, he continued to absorb Qing Chou’s strength to strengthen himself while weakening Qing Chou. On the whole, he had gained a lot from this first round of combat.


 This round was just a tiny projection of their fight, yet it showed Spectral Soul’s abundant and rich battle experience, his vision loomed over the entire battlefield. His control of combat was so precise and flawless, even someone like Fang Yuan felt stifled.


 Fang Yuan was not giving up obviously, he focused on repairing Dragon Palace while asking Qi Sea Ancestor to attack again.


 Spectral Soul focused on three things at once, he suppressed Dragon Palace and used the black smoke spiral to damage it, he absorbed Qing Chou’s soul beast strength, he also used killer moves to resist Qi Sea Ancestor’s attacks.


 Dragon Palace, Qing Chou, and Qi Sea Ancestor, these were three entities with top tier battle strength in the world, yet they could not turn the situation around even by being on the same side!


 To speak the truth, Spectral Soul’s current strength was not too impressive, but he had the complete dominance over Dragon Palace, he countered Qing Chou’s abilities, and he even knew about Qi Sea Ancestor’s information.


 "His soul path methods are used in succession, the moves complement each other and are tightly connected, this is an exceptional combat system. In contrast, my Qi Sea clone has only existed for a short period of time, he has too few methods that are all easily countered." Fang Yuan’s main body understood the reason.


 Qi Sea clone’s most common offensive method was yin-yang great killer hands and his main defensive method was heavenly astral cloth robe. His foundation was too low, when observed by Spectral Soul, after just a few exchanges of moves, he would be able to create a countermeasure easily.


 Be it battle strength, knowledge, or experience, Spectral Soul stood at the peak of the world. After all, he was once the invincible Demon Venerable that dominated the world!


 Among the generations of venerables, Spectral Soul was publicly recognized as the one with the deepest killing intent.


 He had gone through intense battles, he fought his way to the top, he was an expert that carved out his own bloody path through countless hurdles!


 Under his venerable throne, there was a mountain of skeletons and sea of corpses.



***
Chapter 2043 Dragon Palace Escapes


***





 



 "Qi Sea Ancestor, how is the situation over there?" Amidst intense battle, Fang Yuan’s clone Qi Sea received Qin Ding Ling’s transmission.


 Qi Sea Ancestor did not speak, he recorded the scene of the battle using an information path Gu worm and sold it to Qin Ding Ling in treasure yellow heaven.


 Heavenly Court soon gained an understanding of the battle situation.


 Qin Ding Ling was slightly shocked internally, Spectral Soul’s strength far surpassed her initial estimations, it seemed like Qi Sea Ancestor could not restrain Spectral Soul, at this rate, Spectral Soul might likely kill Fang Yuan and defeat Qi Sea, he would also absorb Qing Chou, he would be the greatest winner in this clash!


 This was something Qin Ding Ling did not want to see.


 Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul were supreme demons, it would be great if they both perished, the best scenario would be Longevity Heaven going down with them! That was the result Qin Ding Ling most wanted to see.


 "We have our Immortal Gu House, if we join the fight, we can cause some changes to it. Even though Qing Chou is strong, it is a mistake to use it against Spectral Soul. Looking at Spectral Soul’s actions, it seems that he is sure that Fang Yuan is inside Dragon Palace. Then has Fairy Zi Wei already succeeded in her deductions and informed Spectral Soul?"


 Qin Ding Ling guessed the truth but she was not certain.


 She looked at the operating wisdom path formation and Calamity Luck Altar beside it.


 If Heavenly Court could exterminate Fairy Zi Wei and the rest, that would be the best. Clipping Spectral Soul’s wings prematurely would result in fewer variables in this battle. It was a pity that Calamity Luck Altar was here, most of Longevity Heaven’s experts came along with it, Qin Ding Ling was not confident of taking down Fairy Zi Wei at this moment.


 "Longevity Heaven..." Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth.


 Among the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals present, she hated Longevity Heaven most deeply. Back then, she was forced to become Giant Sun’s immortal concubine. She endured this humiliation and successfully switched to cultivating luck path, she eventually participated in the fate war. But at the crucial moment, Giant Sun immortal zombie’s attack tilted the balance of the final battle in his favor.


 "Longevity Heaven, I will settle the scores with you one day!" Qin Ding Ling swore in her heart.


 Right when Qin Ding Ling was thinking, a rank seven Immortal Gu House flew over.


 This Immortal Gu House was owned by Spirit Affinity House, the first supreme elder and second supreme elder were inside it as they brought along an important person, Feng Jin Huang.


 "Feng Jin Huang, quickly retrieve the dream realms before us." Qin Ding Ling ordered.


 "Yes." The door of the Immortal Gu House opened as Feng Jin Huang stood on the steps, quickly using her method with a solemn expression.


 She had dream wings Immortal Gu and the modified pure dream reality seeker transformation. In fact, this killer move was created by Fairy Zi Wei’s deductions.


 As dream realms turned into human form, they flew into Spirit Affinity House’s Immortal Gu House.


 Shadow Sect and Longevity Heaven were stirred.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s eyes shined with brilliance.


 Old Man Zheng Yuan quickly asked: "Fairy, do we take action?"


 After all, these dream realms belonged by Spectral Soul, his attainment levels were inside them.


 Fairy Zi Wei shook her head: "We will wait for now, these dream realms are just a small portion, they are not important. Fang Yuan is our main priority!"


 At the moment, Spectral Soul’s side had a clear advantage. At this rate of development, Shadow Sect was greatly favored. Fairy Zi Wei did not want to upset the balance now and disrupt the overall situation.


 Feng Jin Huang was just a rank five Gu Master, she was not even a rank six Gu Immortal. But her status was quite unique, she was Feng Jiu Ge’s daughter!


 If anyone attacked her, it might cause Feng Jiu Ge to come.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s future self had likely disappeared, similar to Hei Lou Lan and Bai Ning Bing. But even so, with Feng Jiu Ge’s own strength, he could participate in this fight, he was an uncertain variable.


 Especially when this variable was not favorable for Shadow Sect, Fairy Zi Wei wanted to have less problems if possible.


 Calamity Luck Altar’s Bing Sai Chuan had the same thought, he did not make a move in the end.


 Feng Jin Huang was heavily protected by Heavenly Court’s immortals as she gradually collected the dream realms.


 Qin Ding Ling had a complex emotion.


 She eventually made this move, using Feng Jin Huang and thus, Feng Jiu Ge indirectly to intimidate their opponents. Since when did the great Heavenly Court fall to such a level?


 The pride in Qin Ding Ling’s heart pressured her, but the logic in her mind told her to use all of the resources and influences they could gather!


 Qi Sea Ancestor transmitted information again, requesting for Heavenly Court’s reinforcement.


 Qin Ding Ling rejected his request politely, asking him to persevere some more time.


 Thus, Qi Sea Ancestor changed his request: "Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range is closest to Black Heaven Temple, why don’t you ask them to send an Immortal Gu House to patrol the periphery of the battlefield. If I am unable to stop Spectral Soul from killing Fang Yuan, we can still rely on Black Heaven Temple."


 Qin Ding Ling thought about it but did not tell Qi Sea Ancestor about her orders to Black Heaven Temple, she rejected: "Black Heaven Temple is not strong enough to participate in this battle."


 Qi Sea Ancestor replied angrily: "This is a prime opportunity! If Heavenly Court hesitates and loses the chance, either one of these two demons getting stronger will be a problem for the righteous path."


 Qin Ding Ling sighed: "Why wouldn’t I know that? But Heavenly Court is not as before, we need to act cautiously. If we send Black Heaven Temple’s Gu Immortals there, they would only die in vain. Please understand our plight!"


 Qi Sea Ancestor felt a little dejected. Since Heavenly Court’s leader openly spoke of their weakness, they were really not the Heavenly Court of before, their style of action changed, Fang Yuan could not make use of them easily anymore.


 While Qin Ding Ling and Qi Sea Ancestor spoke secretly, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was also asking Spectral Soul: "Fang Yuan’s main body is here, why aren’t you coming here?"


 Fang Yuan placed his will in Myriad Year Flying Warship, he also left behind Immortal Gu and immortal essence, under the effect of familiar face killer move, he could disguise his will very well.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue told Spectral Soul about this but the latter continued to fight Dragon Palace, not showing signs of leaving. This made Demon Immortal Qi Jue quite suspicious.


 Spectral Soul directly replied: "Don’t forget about Fang Yuan’s familiar face. We cannot be sure of his location."


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue became increasingly suspicious: "Spectral Soul, are you hiding something from me?"


 Spectral Soul replied: "Don’t worry, just continue restraining Myriad Year Flying Warship, you will get your due remuneration."


 But Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not fall for it, he smiled coldly: "Don’t worry indeed, I have a brilliant plan to find out which is Fang Yuan’s main body."


 Saying so, he suddenly stopped dealing with Myriad Year Flying Warship as he flew towards Spectral Soul’s direction.


 Myriad Year Flying Warship was stunned for a moment before quickly pulling away from Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Spectral Soul sensed something amiss, he quickly transmitted: "Qi Jue, don’t do anything foolish."


 But Demon Immortal Qi Jue was firm: "Sometimes, we need to take a chance right? Or maybe, you can tell me the information that you just obtained?"


 Spectral Soul snorted but did not reply.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue turned silent as he flew into the sky with an increased speed.


 In a few breaths of time, Myriad Year Flying Warship appeared behind him again.


 Seeing this, Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed loudly: "Oh Spectral Soul, look, I found out the truth already. I can be certain that Fang Yuan’s main body is inside Dragon Palace now!"


 If Fang Yuan’s main body was inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, he would have flown away already. But now, Myriad Year Flying Warship returned to stall Demon Immortal Qi Jue, it showed that Fang Yuan’s main body was unwilling to see Spectral Soul gain reinforcements, he had to stop Demon Immortal Qi Jue from leaving.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan’s plan to deceive his enemies by splitting up has failed completely.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was a famous demon in history, his seniority was higher than everyone here, including Spectral Soul.


 After sensing something wrong, he quickly tested his method to find out the truth.


 Spectral Soul snorted coldly, showing displeasure. With Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s move, the situation got out of Spectral Soul’s control.


 Spectral Soul was just using Qi Jue by promising benefits, they were wary of each other in essence, their relationship was merely because of mutual gains. The reason why Spectral Soul did not want Demon Immortal Qi Jue to come over was because this uncertain variable could possibly get greedy and fight with him over the immense benefits of killing Fang Yuan!


 Right now, from Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s actions, it showed that Spectral Soul’s worries were well justified. Demon Immortal Qi Jue definitely had his own ideas.


 But Spectral Soul did not fluster.


 Back when he lured Demon Immortal Qi Jue to join the battle, he had already thought of this. But there was no helping it, Spectral Soul had just regained his strength, Shadow Sect was still very weak. Because of the many variables in this battle, Spectral Soul had to increase the strength of his side, it was thanks to Fairy Zi Wei communicating with Longevity Heaven earlier, to rope them in with Shadow Sect temporarily, otherwise the situation would have been even more chaotic.


 Did Bing Sai Chuan had no such intentions either? Was he really going to watch Spectral Soul kill Fang Yuan like that?


 Of course not.


 Fairy Zi Wei was a wisdom path great expert, she had deep considerations. She created the formation in front of Heavenly Court, it was to restrain them as well as Longevity Heaven.


 This battle to kill Fang Yuan was not as grand as the fate war but it involved four parties, tens of Gu Immortals, and almost all of the peak experts in the current world.


 These people plotted against each other and schemed deeply, Spectral Soul could sense acutely that his control over the situation was slipping.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Wall!


 During the intense battle, Qi Sea Ancestor pushed with both hands as a colossal qi wall formed instantly.


 The qi wall was like a mountain as it pressed towards Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul pointed with his fingers as several immemorial soul beasts appeared, growling as they blocked the qi wall.


 But Qi Sea Ancestor shouted suddenly as he raised his right fist, he spread out his fingers as his palm targeted Spectral Soul from afar.


 Spectral Soul seemed to have sensed something as black smoke appeared around him in a ball shape, shielding him.


 The moment Qi Sea Ancestor’s killer move was ready, he moved his palm away and targeted the black smoke spiral instead.


 Immortal killer move — Great Qi Hand Explosion!


 Bam.


 Following an intense explosion, the black smoke spiral was completely torn apart as black qi flew all over the place. Dragon Palace which was greatly damaged moved quickly as it drew a golden trail of light in the sky, rapidly escaping!


 At this point in the battle, Dragon Palace finally broke free.


 Spectral Soul’s attention was drawn by Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Qi Sea Ancestor found this small loophole and quickly made use of his opportunity with some luck.


 Spectral Soul looked at Qi Sea Ancestor deeply, other than intense anger and killing intent, there was also praise and admiration in his gaze.


 Qi Sea Ancestor had made a brilliant move!


 Now that Dragon Palace had escaped, Spectral Soul had to keep up with it, he had to abandon the heavy Qing Chou.


 It was such a pity! Spectral Soul was only a bit of time away from completely subduing Qing Chou.



***
Chapter 2044 Leaving Stealthily


***





 



 "Fang Yuan, where are you trying to escape to?" Spectral Soul smiled coldly, black smoke oozing out of his body.


 An immemorial soul beast as large as a giant python flew out of the black smoke, it pounced at Dragon Palace with strong winds around it.


 The orange-golden light flickered on Dragon Palace as a trace of pink smoke flew out.


 With the movement of the smoke, the immemorial soul beast easily got suppressed inside Dragon Palace without putting up a resistance.


 It was immortal killer move — Dreamy Light Smoke!


 Spectral Soul was only afraid of this method from Dragon Palace, but now that it was used, he immediately used the opportunity to move with increased speed, approaching Dragon Palace like a specter.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Wall!


 Qi Sea Ancestor pushed with both hands as winds blew wildly, a giant qi wall appeared out of nowhere and blocked Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul snorted coldly, breaking the qi wall but losing his battle opportunity.


 Dragon Palace changed directions, the aura of dreamy light smoke became denser again.


 Behind it, Qing Chou roared and wanted to chase them but it was powerless, in a few breaths of time, it was left in the dust.


 Dragon Palace, Spectral Soul, and Qi Sea Ancestor fought while they traveled rapidly in the sky.


 Qi Sea Ancestor played the role of a nuisance perfectly, he prevented Spectral Soul from succeeding multiple times.


 Spectral Soul became annoyed, he started to attack Qi Sea Ancestor aggressively.


 But at this time, Dragon Palace suddenly retaliated as it shielded Qi Sea Ancestor. Especially with the killer move dreamy light smoke ready to strike at any moment, Spectral Soul could not act too aggressively.


 Thus, the situation went into a deadlock!


 Spectral Soul had not returned to his peak condition, thus, when fighting against Dragon Palace and Qi Sea Ancestor, his battle strength was not much higher. Once they cooperated and assisted each other, even Spectral Soul felt a sense of helplessness, he could not fight against both enemies, targeting one of them would allow the other to act, it was hard to take action now.


 At this time, Spectral Soul could not help but think of Qing Chou.


 "I should not have weakened Qing Chou to this extent. If it still had some battle strength left, it would disrupt their cooperation!" Spectral Soul felt a little regret.


 He was all alone and did not need cooperation, but Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor were different, they had to work together intrinsically to resist Spectral Soul.


 Qing Chou was overwhelmed by rage, once it joined the battle, it would ruin Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor’s cooperation, Spectral Soul would have a lot of opportunities to strike.


 But what Spectral Soul did earlier was not wrong either. If he could subdue Qing Chou completely, Spectral Soul’s advantage would rise, he would almost certainly claim victory.


 It was a pity Qi Sea Ancestor ruined it!


 He was merely a step away from completely subduing Qing Chou, but just that bit of time would allow Fang Yuan to escape from them, Spectral Soul could not take the risk.


 This time, Spectral Soul had the advantage of being undercover, but what about next time?


 Once Fang Yuan becomes cautious against him, would he have another chance?


 Even Spectral Soul could not be sure.


 Despite Fairy Zi Wei’s deduction method, would Fang Yuan be unable to counter it?


 Heavenly Court was the best example, they could not capture Fang Yuan despite countless efforts.


 What was the outcome?


 Fang Yuan got stronger and stronger, he fought his way to Heavenly Court and destroyed fate Gu!


 Even though Fang Yuan was backed by many individuals who paved the way for him, what made all of these people invest in him?


 Were there no better candidates?


 Even for otherworldly demons, there were many of them in the world.


 Fang Yuan was used by heaven’s will and all these people, he was obviously someone who was unique and had great value.


 Forget about the rest, just his ability to escape was something even Spectral Soul felt admiration towards.


 Fang Yuan’s attainment in escaping was very deep, he had a scheming and crafty mind! He was most skilled by borrowing others’ strength, he could escape under the thumbs of many powerful forces, quickly raising his strength over time.


 Spectral Soul had such rich battle experience, he knew deeply that someone like Fang Yuan had to be dealt with seriously. Once he struck, it had to be a fatal blow, he could not give Fang Yuan any time to rest or recuperate. This enemy was too good at making use of opportunity, he could easily gain a new lease on life and turn the situation around.


 Fang Yuan was the type of person who could shine with a bit of sunlight, sprout with a bit of water, or create great problems with just a bit of time.


 Indeed, Spectral Soul was wary against Fang Yuan.


 Even he had to admit this truth.


 Because he saw a trace of himself in Fang Yuan!


 "Fang Yuan, defending will lead to your eventual loss, how long can you last? I will definitely kill you!" Spectral Soul said coldly, not forgetting to exert mental pressure on Fang Yuan.


 "Qi Sea, after this battle, even if you hide, I will find you in Eastern Sea. I will destroy your qi sea and kill all of your subordinates!" Spectral Soul turned around and threatened Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Qi Sea clone replied calmly: "The so-called Demon Venerable is actually resorting to trash talking."


 Spectral Soul smiled coldly.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s expression quickly changed, black smoke appeared around him as it started to invade his body.


 Spectral Soul used words to distract Qi Sea Ancestor, even though this was not a weakness, in Spectral Soul’s eyes, it was enough to create an opportunity for himself!


 Qi Sea Ancestor quickly evaded it as Spectral Soul wanted to pursue him, Dragon Palace flew over and blocked Spectral Soul, bearing some of Qi Sea Ancestor’s burden.


 Qi Sea Ancestor exerted all his strength to alleviate the problem on him, after regaining his footing, he went back into the battle.


 It was a deadlock once again.


 But this time, no matter how Spectral Soul provoked him, Qi Sea Ancestor showed no carelessness.


 Like this, the three sides fought and whipped up countless storms, the impact of their clash spreading towards the northern direction.


 They flew past Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range, entering Intestinal Gorge.


 Black Heaven Temple’s immortals were hiding in Intestinal Gorge.


 Several Immortal Gu Houses were concealed around Intestinal Gorge, leaking no aura at all.


 Seeing that the battle far away was approaching them, Black Heaven Temple’s immortals immediately turned excited.


 "Coming, they’re coming!"


 "They’re finally here."


 "The battle is so intense, is that female immortal Spectral Soul who is using the body temporarily?"


 "Dragon Palace has been heavily damaged, Fang Yuan has no battle strength left, I’ve never seen him in a more pathetic state."


 "He deserves it! If not for him, fate Gu would not have been destroyed. Be it Spectral Soul or Fang Yuan, they deserve to die!"


 Black Heaven Temple’s immortals gritted their teeth, they had a different tone when speaking of Qi Sea Ancestor.


 "When we take action later, we should avoid Qi Sea Ancestor."


 "It was all thanks to him that Heavenly Court’s qi harvest fruit was completely removed."


 "He is our alliance mate, he does not know that we are here in ambush, we cannot harm him."


 Even though Qi Sea Ancestor and Dragon Palace were working together, Black Heaven Temple’s Gu Immortals did not feel surprised. Spectral Soul was too strong, they had to work together to resist him. Precisely because of Qi Sea Ancestor’s hard work, Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul were still opposing each other, expending their energy.


 "Close, they are close."


 "Let’s do it!"


 Black Heaven Temple’s Gu Immortals were ready to strike.


 Pew!


 Right at this moment, Spectral Soul unleashed an aggressive killer move, black smoke rumbled as dark winds howled, several mountains were affected by the winds and instantly got disintegrated into dust.


 Bam.


 Qi Sea Ancestor had to unleash qi wall killer move to resist the dark winds.


 Dragon Palace released intense golden light, shooting out a grand light pillar to fight offense with offense, attacking Spectral Soul.


 Right when the pillar was about to hit, Spectral Soul’s body flickered as he vanished on the spot, evading the light pillar easily.


 The light pillar tore through the sky, it was over a thousand feet long, creating a huge trench on the ground. At that instance, smoke rose as countless mountains collapsed.


 A brand new artificially created Earth Trench appeared before the eyes of the Black Heaven Temple immortals!


 After this eruption of attacks, Spectral Soul no longer had a chance to attack, he quickly stopped and continued to fight against Qi Sea and Dragon Palace as they flew away.


 The Black Heaven Temple immortals hiding in the Immortal Gu Houses were silent.


 The battle they saw earlier shook their minds and bodies!


 "So this is their real battle strength!" Many people understood this and broke out in cold sweat.


 Nobody spoke about attacking anymore.


 The atmosphere was quite awkward.


 Eventually, Black Heaven Temple’s first supreme elder coughed and broke the silence.


 He purposely mumbled to himself: "No wonder Heavenly Court’s Lady Qin asked us to wait here and observe the situation."


 "Indeed, indeed, Lady Qin is very wise."


 "What do we do now?"


 "Let’s continue waiting in ambush, they did not discover us. Maybe we will get a chance again?"


 "That is right, even if we do not gain any opportunities, we can’t come here and do nothing right? We must collect information about this battle and inform Lady Qin at least."


 Rumble!


 Right when the Black Heaven Temple immortals were discussing, the intense battle in the sky erupted again.


 At once, the sky turned dark, earth shook as mountains rumbled.


 The aftermath of their collision created huge air currents that surged out. Trees were uprooted as mountain rocks flew, wild beasts cried out in pain, it was the sight of an apocalypse.


 Black Heaven Temple’s immortals watched with wide eyes as Spectral Soul unleashed a black soul ball but Dragon Palace evaded it.


 The soul ball fell into a nearby valley.


 There was no sound, at the instance, with the valley as the core, the surrounding thousand li of mountains and valleys turned into black dust that flew away with the wind. The originally lively mountains vanished soundlessly, only a huge crater was left.


 Gulp.


 Someone swallowed their saliva, it was clearly heard by the Gu Immortals.


 "What was that killer move earlier? It is so strange!"


 "There are no records of it in history."


 "It is not strange that Spectral Soul is able to use such powerful methods, but if it landed on us..."


 "Not just us, even our sect’s Immortal Gu Houses might not be able to survive such an attack."


 "Let’s... leave? Lady Qin asked us to act according to the situation, we are allowed to retreat if needed."


 Black Heaven Temple’s immortals looked at each other before turning to the first supreme elder.


 First supreme elder’s expression was extremely dark, he said with a solemn tone: "We need to preserve our strength, we cannot waste it here. If we die now, who will look after Black Heaven Temple? Lady Qin will not blame us, we are planning for the future."


 The result was, Black Heaven Temple’s immortals came stealthily and watched as the battle in the sky flew away, after that, they stealthily retreated without a sound.



***
Chapter 2045 Myriad Tribulations Transformation


***





 



 "Fang Yuan, this is as far as you go!" Spectral Soul chased for some time before attacking again, he was very confident this time.


 At once, dark winds howled, black clouds filled the sky, it was like an immensely thick wall appeared before Dragon Palace.


 "This is... quickly retreat!" At this moment, Wu Shuai’s expression turned nervous, he noticed that this was a soul path battlefield killer move!


 Black clouds spread out as Dragon Palace and Qi Sea Ancestor quickly retreated.


 Immortal killer move — Soul Taker Battlefield!


 This was Spectral Soul’s famous battlefield killer move.


 Spectral Soul had used this move to kill countless enemies. Once the battlefield was activated, dark blue soul beasts would be formed within the dense fog, there would be countless soul beasts that appeared unceasingly. Living beings who died in this battlefield would have their souls taken and transformed into soul beasts, under the control of the killer move’s user.


 When Dragon Palace was trapped by the black smoke spiral, there was still hope of escaping. But if it got trapped by soul taker battlefield, the chances of escaping would be close to zero.


 Fang Yuan had Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, soul taker battlefield was included in this inheritance, he knew a lot about the move.


 But now, Spectral Soul used this move openly, it was likely that he had already modified and improved upon it. In fact, Fang Yuan’s knowledge might be a trap from Spectral Soul.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor did not dare to continue fighting, they quickly focused on escaping.


 Spectral Soul rode on the endless black smoke as he chased after them.


 When ordinary Gu Immortals used battlefield killer moves, they would need to cancel it if it could not trap the enemy.


 But was Spectral Soul ordinary?


 He used the split move technique to split soul taker battlefield into many parts. The first part was the black smoke, Spectral Soul could sustain it and move it around without any problem or weakness.


 "Soul taker battlefield was created by Spectral Soul in his early days, he used it until the later part of his life. By then, he created an even stronger battlefield killer move — Hundred Million Slaughterfield. Why isn’t he using the stronger killer move? Unless, he does not have the necessary Gu worms?" Fang Yuan guessed.


 Spectral Soul was also guessing: "After escaping from Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan has been going north. Where is he trying to go? Northern Plains? If it is Northern Plains, which location is he going to? Crazed Demon Cave?"


 Now that the five regions were united and the regional walls vanished, Spectral Soul had a huge advantage. Without the regional walls, Fang Yuan only has several ways to shrug off these pursuers.


 Spectral Soul was very familiar with the five regions, he guessed Crazed Demon Cave at the first try.


 Even if Spectral Soul could not be certain, he knew that stopping Fang Yuan from going to the north was a wise decision. Thus, Spectral Soul moved his black smoke to spread out across the surroundings, forcing Fang Yuan to change directions as he flew back to Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range.


 At the same time, in another battlefield.


 "I’m done." Feng Jin Huang panted heavily as she stopped her killer move. Her forehead was covered in sweat. Using pure dream reality seeker transformation killer move like this placed a huge pressure on her.


 But it was done now.


 Under the supervision of Heavenly Court, Shadow Sect, and Longevity Heaven, more than ten rank eight Gu Immortals watched as Feng Jin Huang kept all of the dream realms away.


 Fang Yuan was nowhere in sight!


 "Fang Yuan was not hiding here after all." The Gu Immortals were disappointed but also sighed in relief secretly.


 Qin Ding Ling immediately asked as she moved her Immortal Gu House closer to the wisdom path formation: "Fairy Zi Wei, I’ve given you so much time. Right now, tell me, where is Fang Yuan’s main body?"


 Calamity Luck Altar quickly moved ahead as it blocked Qin Ding Ling, Bing Sai Chuan’s voice resounded from within: "Slow down, immortal concubine from Heavenly Court!"


 He called Qin Ding Ling an immortal concubine, he was referring to her past as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s woman.


 But soon, Bing Sai Chuan changed the subject to Fairy Zi Wei: "But I hold the same suspicions as Immortal Concubine Qin. Fairy Zi Wei, I hope you can give us a satisfactory answer."


 Bing Sai Chuan could not wait either.


 Because after such a long time, Fairy Zi Wei still had not given them an answer, it was not like what she said to them earlier.


 Fairy Zi Wei stopped using the wisdom path formation as she collected the Gu worms.


 She made up an excuse on the spot: "The situation is different from last time, Fang Yuan is prepared against us. However, I found his location after all."


 "Where?" Qin Ding Ling asked immediately.


 Fairy Zi Wei had already kept away her core Immortal Gu, she answered: "Fang Yuan is in Dragon Palace."


 She spoke the truth.


 Trying to keep Fang Yuan’s location a secret now was pointless.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue had his own plan, he was already heading towards Spectral Soul’s location, Myriad Year Flying Warship followed closely behind it.


 From one glance, it was obvious where Fang Yuan’s main body was.


 "We will pursue them!" Qin Ding Ling ordered.


 Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses started to fly together as they guarded each other.


 Shadow Sect and Longevity Heaven also followed suit.


 But the three parties were quite spaced apart, the atmosphere was a little tense.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s side was quite helpless here, she wanted to stop Heavenly Court here but the alliance with Longevity Heaven was not reliable, they were only allied in name.


 As for Heavenly Court?


 Qin Ding Ling could not confirm the truth behind Fairy Zi Wei’s words, but since Fang Yuan was not inside the dream realms, he had to be in Dragon Palace or Myriad Year Flying Warship. Looking at Spectral Soul’s actions, it was more likely that Fang Yuan was inside Dragon Palace.


 Before they found Fang Yuan’s main body, Qin Ding Ling did not want to target Fairy Zi Wei. It was too much of a waste of time now, and in this period, if either Spectral Soul or Fang Yuan claims victory while Heavenly Court was not around, it would be a huge loss.


 For Longevity Heaven, Bing Sai Chuan also wanted to see how things progressed. He did not want to act rashly, because their strength was not enough to suppress everyone, he needed to use his timing well and target Fang Yuan. If he managed to kill Fang Yuan, the gains would be immense.


 All three groups targeted Fang Yuan.


 It was really a rare chance to kill Fang Yuan, the opportunity would not present itself twice.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, Dragon Palace crashed into a mountain like a shooting star.


 But Dragon Palace did not stop there, it went deep into the mountain’s interior as a result of the huge force that sent it flying.


 Qi Sea Ancestor quickly used qi wall to obstruct Spectral Soul from chasing after it.


 But Spectral Soul smiled coldly, he moved around Qing Chou.


 Instantly, Qing Chou’s eyes turned red as it attacked furiously.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s attacks were stopped by Qing Chou, using this chance, Spectral Soul flew downwards.


 At the moment of crisis, a heavily damaged Dragon Palace flew out of the smoke, dodging Spectral Soul’s assault.


 Not long ago, Qing Chou joined in the battle against Spectral Soul, but it was made use of instead.


 Fang Yuan fell into danger again, Dragon Palace suffered a heavy blow, it was about to break, it could only escape and stall for some time.


 The outside battle was tense, but inside Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, a change had occurred even though the myriad tribulation was still rampaging.


 Fang Yuan sacrificed his soul beast group resolutely, not only did they bear the brunt of the tribulation, heaven’s will’s attention was also drawn away.


 The pressure on Fang Yuan lifted by a bit, there was finally a chance for him to activate the human path formation again.


 The human path formation erupted with great might as a grand white light pillar shot into the sky, into the depths of the lightning clouds.


 At once, the myriad tribulation’s lightning clouds froze.


 Using this chance, Combat Beast King attacked, scattering countless Gu worms in the sky.


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense enveloped them as he set up a formation rapidly.


 In order to make this counterattack, he had made ample preparations. With his deep formation path attainment, he quickly created a formation in the sky.


 Heaven’s will reacted after that, sending lightning bolts to attack together.


 Combat Beast King roared as he intercepted the lightning bolts without dodging.


 After over ten breaths of time, his star armor shattered, he fell to the ground while bathed in blood.


 With a loud sound, he created a pit on the ground as he fell unconscious, either dead or alive.


 Lightning bolts shot towards the formation again.


 At the critical moment, the formation’s set up finally succeeded as it turned into a huge basin.


 The basin shot out profound light that had a mysterious attractive force, it absorbed all of the lightning bolts that shot out.


 The myriad tribulation was very fierce but the basin successfully absorbed and turned it into a pool of lightning plasma.


 The lightning bolts continued to attack while the lightning pool grew in volume.


 The lightning pool was not special, it was a common resource point for lightning path cultivators, almost all lightning path Gu Immortals would create one in their immortal aperture. It was like how light path Gu Immortals would create a Five Light Mountain.


 But this lightning pool’s appearance was a huge help to Fang Yuan, it bore the brunt of this myriad destruction lightning forest tribulation. It was even more effective than the old Combat Beast King.


 This was because this lightning pool’s core was not ordinary, it was a rank eight Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan had — Lightning Gu!


 But good times did not last, heaven’s will controlled the myriad tribulation to target the newly formed lightning pool. As the water level of this pool rose gradually, it was about to overflow.


 Immortal killer move — Unrestrained Heavenly Mark!


 Fang Yuan directly used this killer move on the deep blue plasma in the lightning pool.


 The plasma seemed to be made of lightning path dao marks, but it was actually formed from a small portion of those three thousand heaven path dao marks.


 These dao marks were restrained by the lightning pool, they were sitting ducks. Due to Fang Yuan’s killer move, they were quickly refined, the efficiency was much higher than before!


 One, two, five... ten dao marks!


 The water level of the lightning pool stabilized before falling rapidly.


 The lightning in the sky suddenly ceased.


 Heaven’s will was not stupid, it knew that continuing with this would lead to failure, Fang Yuan would gain much more instead.


 It started to transform the myriad tribulation.


 Heaven path was inclusive of everything, it contained lightning path, it could turn into countless lighting bolts. It also contained other paths, it naturally had all sorts of forms to take.


 Since Fang Yuan made a countermeasure, heaven’s will immediately stopped and changed its method to cause destruction to sovereign immortal aperture.


 For ordinary myriad tribulations, the content would be fixed once it appeared.


 But Fang Yuan’s myriad tribulation was special, it was made of over three thousand heaven path dao marks, heaven’s will controlled it personally, it could change forms at will.


 This undoubtedly raised the difficulty of Fang Yuan’s tribulation by many times!


 "This is too much..." As the old Combat Beast King woke up gradually, he had already separated from the star sea snail. Deep within the pit, his old body was buried in the fragments of the star sea snail, he looked at the changing myriad tribulation as this old rank eight Gu Immortal showed a deep expression of despair.


 At the same time, in the external battlefield.


 "Spectral Soul, I will lend you a hand!" Demon Immortal Qi Jue had finally arrived.


 Spectral Soul gained reinforcements but he had an unhappy expression, he only snorted in reply.


 He knew about Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s true intentions, but now was not the time for internal conflict.



***
Chapter 2046 Falling for a Trap


***





 



 Demon Immortal Qi Jue arrived and immediately attacked Qi Sea Ancestor. The secluded domain of heaven and earth above his head, Xi Land, was too powerful against qi path.

 Qi Sea Ancestor was Dragon Palace’s greatest help, now that he was restrained, Dragon Palace’s situation became more dangerous.

 But soon, Myriad Year Flying Warship arrived too and started to join the fight. Even though Fang Yuan faced much difficulty, he managed to drag this fight on.

 Spectral Soul yelled, his body moved like a specter, his palm landed on Dragon Palace again.

 Countless soul beast silhouettes appeared on the surface of Dragon Palace like a series of still images, a portion of Dragon Palace shattered, it was damaged both internally and externally.

 Dragon Palace unleashed dreamy light smoke, Spectral Soul quickly retreated.

 At the next moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue pointed at Dragon Palace suddenly.

 Qi currents gathered, they exploded instantly.

 The exterior of Dragon Palace had already been blown to bits, only the main hall was left. Now that it suffered this powerful attack from Demon Immortal Qi Jue, a huge hole appeared on the roof of this main hall, it could be seen from the outside.

 Spectral Soul saw this and smiled coldly, not holding back his praise: “Qi Jue, well done!”

 At this stage, everyone knew that Dragon Palace was in grave danger, if they worked harder, they would be able to shatter it entirely.

 Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor could cooperate, Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Spectral Soul could do the same as well!

 After Demon Immortal Qi Jue joined the fight, he suppressed Qi Sea Ancestor and cooperated with Spectral Soul. Even though they did not have close coordination, these two had abundant battle experience, they could find ways to work together.

 And this cooperation pushed Dragon Palace beyond the brink of destruction.

 When Fairy Zi Wei, Qin Ding Ling, and Bing Sai Chuan arrived, they saw that Dragon Palace shattered into countless fragments as they scattered everywhere.

 Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai, who were inside Dragon Palace were exposed, but they quickly went inside Myriad Year Flying Warship, which came to pick them up.

 Myriad Year Flying Warship was significantly faster than Dragon Palace, it immediately moved away and escaped.

 The three groups of immortals were stunned before feeling great joy.

 “Quick, Fang Yuan is done for!”

 “Dragon Palace was actually destroyed!!”

 “Even though Myriad Year Flying Warship is fast, in terms of defense, it is inferior to Dragon Palace.”

 “We must kill Fang Yuan, we must restore Heavenly Court’s reputation.”

 “Fang Yuan destroyed our Imperial Court blessed land, there is deep hatred between him and Longevity Heaven. We will kill him and take all of his true inheritances and Gu worms. We will pull out his soul and torture him for all eternity!”

 “Fang Yuan, it is finally time for Shadow Sect to take care of you.”

 “We will kill Fang Yuan first before we compete among ourselves. We must not let him have any chance of getting away during our conflict!”

 The immortals rushed up, they pursued Fang Yuan with great enthusiasm.

 This was the greatest predicament that Fang Yuan had ever been in since his rebirth. He was currently chased by the top three super forces in the world, most of the world’s strongest experts had gathered behind him. Qin Ding Ling, Fairy Zi Wei, and Bing Sai Chuan were Gu Immortals that left a name for themselves in history, there was even a fearsome being like Spectral Soul.

 “Fang Yuan, you cannot escape.” Spectral Soul smiled coldly to himself, when he saw that everyone’s target was Fang Yuan, he did not chase them away, he allowed everyone to pursue him.

 “Stay attentive, defend against Spectral Soul and Longevity Heaven.” Qin Ding Ling instructed.

 This was truly an amazing sight.

 Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, and Shadow Sect joined forces to pursue Fang Yuan, but because of their mutual wariness, they did not go all out.

 Fang Yuan did not create a situation where the three sides clashed because they all were not simple characters. At the same time, Fang Yuan’s grudges with them were too deep, the wealth that he held was also too alluring.

 Even if they held back, they were still sufficiently strong, their killer moves were all strange and unpredictable.

 Not long afterwards, Myriad Year Flying Warship became covered in damages, many Gu worm corpses fell off it while it flew and escaped.

 “At this rate, there is no way out!” Wu Shuai shouted: “Main body, our road to the north has been blocked, we can only go southwest now, this is hopeless. We cannot last much longer, Myriad Year Flying Warship is much frailer than Dragon Palace.”

 Fang Yuan’s main body was sitting down and dealing with the myriad tribulation, he instructed: “Go underground, see if there’s any hope underground.”

 Myriad Year Flying Warship was maneuvering in the sky, dodging Spectral Soul’s black soul ball, but a large number of killer moves still landed on it.

 The white ship defended against the barrage of killer moves, soon, a portion of the ship turned dim as the white color turned to grey, it floated in the sky. Next, it vanished into thin air after intense winds swept it away.

 Myriad Year Flying Warship was like an injured flying fish, it dived downwards, almost crashing to the ground.

 “Follow it!”

 “This ship will break with three more rounds of attacks.”

 “Fang Yuan must die!”

 “If we cannot obtain it, we will destroy the sovereign immortal aperture along with him, we cannot let others benefit from this.”

 The three forces made similar decisions as they ordered.

 Boom!

 Myriad Year Flying Warship dived down underground like a white meteor.

 As dust clouds rumbled, earth shook but it could not scare off the pursuers, they followed the hole that Myriad Year Flying Warship created as they dived in.

 Bam bam bam…

 Many killer moves continued to land on Myriad Year Flying Warship.

 Myriad Year Flying Warship was starting to break apart, it was in a critical state.

 “Hahaha, Fang Yuan made a foolish move, this is the underground, Myriad Year Flying Warship can’t move easily while we can hit it with great precision.”

 “He can neither go up or down now! Fang Yuan, you demon, you slaughtered innocents and harmed the world, today you will face retribution, this is all just desserts!”

 “Offending us will lead to your pitiful end!”

 The immortals roared in anger.

 Seeing that Fang Yuan was escaping in distress, all of the immortals’ morale surged to a peak level.

 They just needed to put in a bit more effort to see Fang Yuan die right in front of them.

 Within Myriad Year Flying Warship, Wu Shuai was covered in blood. With such intense attacks, Myriad Year Flying Warship could not be repaired in time.

 Rumble…

 After the immortals made their preparation, they started to attack again with a new wave of moves.

 Countless killer moves were unleashed with some distance between them, trying to avoid nullifying each other, the terrifying wave of attacks swept towards Myriad Year Flying Warship layer by layer.

 “Die!”

 Bam.

 At the moment of life and death, Myriad Year Flying Warship crashed into the rock in front and barged into a huge underground space.

 Myriad Year Flying Warship had room to maneuver, it dodged most of the killer moves and escaped destruction. It was like a drowning person suddenly breathing in some air.

 “What happened?”

 “We entered Earth Abyss!”

 “Is this Fang Yuan’s intention?”

 “Chase him, we cannot let him escape.”

 The immortals were stunned before charging through the rocks, arriving in the underground space.

 It turned out that while Spectral Soul chased Fang Yuan, they went towards the southeast from Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range. Demon Immortal Qi Jue came from the east, he cooperated with Spectral Soul to force Fang Yuan to go southwest. Finally, because Fairy Zi Wei and the rest came from the south, Fang Yuan had to go west in the end.

 After traveling west for some time, they arrived in Ancient Soul Sect’s territory.

 Ancient Soul Sect was one of the ten great ancient sects, it had a long history, one of Ancient Soul Sect’s territories was a huge underground abyss.

 The underground abyss was at least hundreds of thousands of square kilometers in size. The space was extremely large and the underground world was deep and secluded. There were all sorts of caves and tunnels, some were like labyrinths, some had giant underground lakes while some had flat ground.

 Countless lifeforms lived here, in Fang Yuan’s previous life, endless beast tides emerged from Earth Abyss, attacking the surface and bringing disaster to Central Continent.

 Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects spent several years before they were finally able to eradicate the beast tide from the surface. Afterwards, both righteous and demonic path Gu Masters and Gu Immortals moved together to explore Earth Abyss.

 In the end, they found that this Earth Abyss was unfathomably deep, it had layers after layers, by the time Fang Yuan used Spring Autumn Cicada, they had already discovered a hundred and seven underground layers. It was impossible to estimate how many layers were still left.

 “The environment here is complex, there are many lifeforms, the lower we go, the more immemorial desolate beasts there are, this is the best place to escape to.” Wu Shuai who was within Myriad Year Flying Warship realized at once.

 Using Earth Abyss, Myriad Year Flying Warship’s situation started to improve.

 But Spectral Soul and the rest also understood Fang Yuan’s scheme.

 Many Gu Immortals stopped attacking with their full strength, they were wary against each other, but after getting so far, nobody wanted to give up.

 Fang Yuan’s circumstances were dangerous, even though Myriad Year Flying Warship was not taking as much damage as before, it was still slipping towards the abyss of destruction.

 Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai cooperated, they planned to the best of their ability, using the terrain, but still could not shrug off these pursuers.

 The only difference was that these pursuers were now grouped into different categories.

 The first and closest person to Myriad Year Flying Warship was Spectral Soul.

 Followed by Qi Sea Ancestor, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and Qing Chou.

 The final group was Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, Shadow Sect’s Fairy Zi Wei, and the rest.

 Boom!

 Myriad Year Flying Warship, which was about to be destroyed, charged through the rocks again as it went to a lower layer.

 Countless bats flew and escaped in panic.

 In this layer, there were countless bats living around, it was like a huge black tide that had no end in sight.

 Ordinary bats were turned into pulp by Myriad Year Flying Warship, while alerted immemorial black bats attacked while moving against the tide.

 In this layer, black bats were the absolute rulers, because Myriad Year Flying Warship disturbed them, they were going to punish this daring invader.

 “Oh?” Spectral Soul followed closely behind.

 He saw the endless black bats, he became joyful and surprised.

 “Fang Yuan, even heaven is not helping you, it seems that this layer will be the place you die.” Spectral Soul suddenly howled.

 As the howling sound spread out, innumerable black bats died, even ancient black bats were not spared. Only immemorial black bats survived, they tried to move with difficulty in the air.

 Once Spectral Soul’s howling ended, countless bat souls appeared from these bat corpses.

 These souls quickly fused with his voice as black smoke enveloped Myriad Year Flying Warship from all directions.

 Myriad Year Flying Warship quickly disintegrated from the invasion of the black smoke, it could not hold on anymore.

 “Retrieve the core Immortal Gu, we will abandon ship!” Fang Yuan’s main body ordered.

 Like how they sacrificed Dragon Palace earlier, they took back the core Immortal Gu with all their effort at the end. Dragon Palace’s core Immortal Gu Dream Token was already successfully retrieved.

 But this was a dangerous move, when Immortal Gu Houses face destruction, the Gu Immortal retrieving the core Immortal Gu could only do their best and leave the rest to chance. There could even be times when they were too hasty to take out the core Immortal Gu, causing it to be severely damaged instead, eventually resulting in the Immortal Gu’s destruction.

 At the next moment, Myriad Year Flying Warship broke apart entirely, Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai got exposed to the black smoke.

 “He’s here! I will block him.” Wu Shuai stood before Fang Yuan.

 “I said this before, your struggles are futile.” Spectral Soul approached as he spoke in an icy tone.

 Qi Sea Ancestor and the rest had just arrived with the rest, he saw the overwhelming black smoke that shattered the silver-white light, Spectral Soul was attacking Fang Yuan’s main body.

 “No!” Qi Sea Ancestor could not help them from this distance, he could only shout out in his mind.

 At the moment before death, Fang Yuan suddenly smiled: “You fell for my trap, Spectral Soul.”



***
Chapter 2047 Carelessness


***





 



 When Fairy Zi Wei and the rest arrived, they could only see an endless stream of black bats.

 In this layer of the underground abyss, black bats were the sole rulers of all the living beings, right now, they felt provoked, they went into madness and rage.

 Immemorial black bats commanded ancient black bats while ancient black bats commanded desolate beast black bats, these desolate beast black bats controlled the countless ordinary bats. When Shadow Sect, Longevity Heaven, and Heavenly Court arrived, the furious black bats poured their anger that had nowhere to be vented at these three parties.

 Even though the three parties contained the strongest Gu Immortals in the current world, they could not help but freeze in their steps.

 “Why are there so many black bats!”

 “We need to kill the immemorial black bats to get rid of these beasts.”

 “There are too many of them, these black bats are simply endless, we cannot waste time here, our primary goal is still Fang Yuan!”

 The three groups charged into the black bat groups, they tried to move in this dangerous environment.

 All of the Gu Immortals were top tier rank eight Gu Immortals in the current world, even though there were countless bats, they were still unable to match the immortals in actual combat.

 But by the time the immortals got out of the bat groups, they could not see Myriad Year Flying Warship, Spectral Soul, Qing Chou, or others.

 “What happened?”

 “Where are they? There are no clues left behind at all!”

 “This is impossible, we chased them according to the traces left behind from their fight.”

 The immortals were shocked and uncertain.

 Calamity Luck Altar burst out with golden radiance, melting the surrounding bats, a huge space was created immediately.

 From within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan’s impatient voice resounded: “Fairy Zi Wei, tell me, where is Fang Yuan?”

 Old Man Zheng Yuan snorted coldly: “Why would we know?”

 Qin Ding Ling sneered: “Shadow Sect, do you really think we are ignorant of your tricks? You waited and did not chase them, wasn’t it because you were trying to disrupt us?”

 Qin Ding Ling spoke in a sharp tone, it seemed like she was sowing discord but it sounded like the truth, Shadow Sect got into a predicament immediately.

 Fang Yuan, Spectral Soul, Qing Chou, Qi Sea, and Qi Jue all vanished, it was just too strange. The three forces chasing them became extremely anxious.

 Fairy Zi Wei was also frowning deeply as she said: “We have lost contact with our master. I believe that other forces have interfered, the important thing is to find them now, if we fight among ourselves, this external force will succeed in their goal.”

 Bing Sai Chuan spoke in an icy tone, not concealing his killing intent: “Then show me the capabilities of a wisdom path great expert.”

 “Hmph, just you watch.” Fairy Zi Wei said as she started to activate her killer move, making deductions rapidly.

 Qin Ding Ling did not speak but her killing intent was not concealed either. If she found any tricks from Shadow Sect, Heavenly Court would definitely attack them immediately.

 Creak creak…

 The surrounding black bats approached again, the Gu Immortals hesitated for a moment before quickly attacking and resisting the black bats for Fairy Zi Wei.

 Fairy Zi Wei’s body was shining in a purple-gold light, aurora spread out constantly.

 Fairy Zi Wei’s expression turned increasingly pale, immortal essence was expended rapidly until her body started shivering. Afterwards, she opened her eyes, purple light filling her pupils.

 As the purple-gold light faded away, Fairy Zi Wei’s pupils returned to normal.

 Her aura was significantly weaker now, it was clear that she had done her best in the deduction.

 Under everyone’s supervision, she let out a breath of air: “I deduced it, a battlefield killer move enveloped all of them, causing us to not sense them anywhere.”

 “Battlefield killer move?”

 “Who is ambushing them here?”

 “Hmph, do you have evidence?”

 Fairy Zi Wei sneered, as a wisdom path great expert, she would naturally not end up empty-handed, she immediately split the bat groups apart as she directed the immortals to a trace of earth path aura that was about to dissipate.

 After sensing the aura, the immortals started to analyze it.

 “It is an earth path killer move indeed!”

 “It really seems like a battlefield killer move.”

 “Watch me, I will find it!”

 A certain Gu Immortal of Heavenly Court made his move, he was very confident at the start but soon, he returned without any progress.

 Soon, this trace of earth path aura dissipated, only the bat groups remained to fight against the three groups of immortals.

 The immortals’ expressions were very ugly.

 Some were still suspicious about Shadow Sect, some were thinking about ways to find the enclosed immortal battlefield, some were forced to fight against the black bats.

 Longevity Heaven’s Bing Sai Chuan still held some suspicions.

 Fairy Zi Wei had the heaviest mood, she dealt with the black bats as she asked Heavenly Court: “You should be most familiar with this earth path aura! Heavenly Court, what do you think?”

 Qin Ding Ling was silent for a moment before she said: “Indeed, this resembles Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s method. We have the same idea now, to find this immortal battlefield and destroy it!”

 “So it is Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s force, no wonder…” Bing Sai Chuan realized at once.

 In history, among the ten venerables, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was the most skilled at using immortal battlefield killer moves. His capability in this aspect was publicly known as the number one among venerables! Right now, the Reincarnation Battlefield that he created was still existing in Central Continent, owned by the ten great ancient sects.

 Why did Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s force take action?

 None of the immortals here were surprised.

 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable were on opposite sides, everyone knew that. Back then, Spectral Soul slaughtered everyone in his way, causing great terror and chaos, all of the people in the five regions lived in fear, the righteous path was weak while the demonic path surged. Ever since Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable started cultivation, he worked hard to turn this trend around, he restored peace to the world and suppressed the demonic path, he brought fortune to the world.

 Because of the ideologies of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, they had always conflicted.

 “To find Paradise Earth’s battlefield and destroy it, the difficulty is just…” Bing Sai Chuan shook his head, even an expert like him hesitated and felt troubled.

 “Why would Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s force take action? And why would they wait here in ambush?” A Gu Immortal asked.

 This question made Fairy Zi Wei’s mood even heavier, a dark cloud loomed over her, shrouding her face.

 “It must be Fang Yuan!” Even though there was no evidence, Fairy Zi Wei still said that with great confidence.

 She had fought against Fang Yuan too many times, she was basically the loser each time. This feeling of defeat was too common to Fairy Zi Wei, she had experienced it countless times.

 Each time she thought that victory was close, Fang Yuan would turn the situation around.

 This current situation was also the same, Fairy Zi Wei felt very familiar with it.

 Qin Ding Ling agreed with Fairy Zi Wei’s deduction: “We chased after Fang Yuan, but from another perspective, he was leading us here. While chasing and escaping, this route was planned by Fang Yuan. If he cooperated with Paradise Earth’s force and created this situation, it is indeed the easiest way. But why would Paradise Earth’s force cooperate with a demon like Fang Yuan? We have not seen it ourselves, is this really Paradise Earth’s force? Or rather, which force under Paradise Earth is it?”

 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was the closest venerable to the current era, he naturally left behind the highest number of forces.

 Different from other venerables, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had never intentionally focused on developing any single force.

 Heavenly Court had Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it was developed by the three of them through painstaking effort. Longevity Heaven was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s grotto-heaven, it was the foundation that he had left behind. Shadow Sect was operated by Spectral Soul’s split souls for many years, it used Zombie Alliance as the front to slowly accumulate influence and strength.

 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was different, he helped and assisted many different forces. For example, the Merman Imperial Court in Eastern Sea, it was because he did not want to see the merfolk get bullied. There was also Southern Border’s Mushroomman Paradise, it was made because he did not want to see the mushroommen get slaughtered mercilessly.

 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had the ability to turn an immortal aperture into a paradise, he helped many Gu Immortals in his life, he altered many grotto-heavens and blessed lands.

 He even helped to enlighten many legendary immemorial beasts, for example, the blue dragon whale.

 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not just help humans, he also helped variant humans, or even other living beings that were in need.

 Thus, he was the most loved venerable and also the most merciful. Even though Heavenly Court’s Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable also helped out countless living beings, he was mostly focused on helping nature and repairing habitats.

 The other venerables all had offensive methods but only Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not.

 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had also left behind his true inheritances in various places. Southern Border’s Mushroomman Paradise was one of them, thus, their leader, Southern Border’s Gu Immortal Lu Wei Yin, was also called Paradise Earth’s inheritor, nobody could refute it. Before the fate war, Fairy Zi Wei even went to the Mushroomman Paradise and borrowed benevolence Gu.

 All the immortals could not think of an answer now.

 Because of Paradise Earth’s actions, many forces and Gu Immortals were related to him in some way. There was no way of knowing which force it was exactly.

 “Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable focused on removing Spectral Soul’s influence his entire life, he was a merciful and benevolent person who brought peace. Would his force cooperate with a demon like Fang Yuan? It is not impossible. Didn’t Heavenly Court cooperate with me temporarily as well?” Fairy Zi Wei’s heart was filled with a solemn emotion.

 The more she thought, the worse she found the situation.

 The reason why Heavenly Court worked with Shadow Sect was so that Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul would fight each other, it would be great if these two demons were killed at the same time!

 If Paradise Earth’s force and Fang Yuan cooperated while having such thoughts, why would it be impossible?

 With Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s status and nature, he would not do something like laying an ambush. But the Immortal Venerable had died already, nobody knew the temperament of the force that he left behind, or even his inheritor!

 “This situation must have surpassed master’s expectations.”

 “But there can be a worse situation, that is, Fang Yuan planned all of this. He gave up on Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship just so he could lure master into this battlefield.”

 “No matter what the truth is, I need to do my best to save master!!”

 Fairy Zi Wei sensed something amiss, she was very anxious. As a wisdom path great expert, any changes in her emotions needed to be assigned great importance.

 Spectral Soul had an advantage against Fang Yuan of course, but against another venerable’s force, it would not be so certain. And most importantly, this was the venerable who purposely went against Spectral Soul in history, Paradise Earth!

 At the same time, in the earth path battlefield.

 Spectral Soul looked at the surrounding sand, his expression turned cold as ice: “Good, very good. So you are Lu Wei Yin, the current generation inheritor of Paradise Earth?”

 A Gu Immortal stepped on a yellow cloud, he cupped his fists at Spectral Soul: “Lord Demon Venerable is very perceptive, I have been waiting here for a long time.”

 At the side, Fang Yuan urged: “Lu Wei Yin, I lured him here already. Don’t expect me to take action now, show me your sincerity… urgh!”

 Fang Yuan suddenly stopped speaking as he retreated rapidly.

 It was too late!

 In an instant, Spectral Soul suddenly arrived in front of him using an unknown method.

 “Fang Yuan, you are too careless. It is a pity you got this far, but go and die now!” Spectral Soul stretched out his hand as he grabbed Fang Yuan’s neck.

 Fang Yuan stared with eyes wide open, he could not break free!



***
Chapter 2048 Illusory Sand Shifting Shadow


***





 



 Spectral Soul was indeed the Demon Venerable who killed his way to the top!


 Any other person would be wary at the first moment and defend against an assault. But he had abundant battle experience, after falling into a trap, he made perfect use of an opportunity to attack instantly!


 Undoubtedly, he chose a great timing.


 Fang Yuan was pursued by three parties, the pressure was huge, after getting into this safe area, it was not strange that he would relax his mind.


 Spectral Soul distracted him with words while preparing his killer move. This move had no aura or commotion, only Wu Yong in the current five regions could match him in this aspect. Once used, Spectral Soul turned the situation around, he grabbed Fang Yuan’s neck tightly.


 Spectral Soul’s move was also extraordinary, it was called soul shattering hand. This move could only be used at an extremely close range, it was a close combat method.


 In Gu Immortal battles, close combat was rare. Most engaged in long distance combat, only few paths like transformation path or strength path would focus on hand-to-hand combat. Soul shattering hand had an extremely close range, it was very limited in usage but Spectral Soul still held onto it without discarding it, the reason was because this move had incredible power, once it struck the enemy, it could easily decide the victor of the battle.


 At the next moment, soul shattering hand activated!


 A smile appeared on Fang Yuan’s face again, while Spectral Soul’s expression turned grim.


 The ’Fang Yuan’ in his hand quickly turned into sand and scattered with the wind, it was actually a puppet made of sand!


 As yellow sand flew in the air, Fang Yuan’s voice could be heard as he praised: "Spectacular indeed! Lu Wei Yin, your effort and time spent to specially create this illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield was not in vain."


 Fang Yuan did not conceal his voice, Spectral Soul snorted coldly as he looked for traces, flying past the sand and arriving in front of Fang Yuan.


 Spectral Soul attacked again while Fang Yuan did not dodge.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan scattered into countless sand specks again.


 It was a rare sight as Spectral Soul finally frowned this time.


 Lu Wei Yin’s voice was transmitted: "Fang Yuan, you are too kind. The truth is, Friend Spectral Soul is too strong, I had to set up my strongest battlefield killer move. I won’t hide it, even though this battlefield originated from Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, it has been modified by many generations, it has many changes done to it. The sand puppet double earlier can deceive the enemy’s senses and lure away firepower."


 "Lu Wei Yin, do you want to lose your Southern Border Mushroomman Paradise? To think my Shadow Sect let you off purposely back then." Spectral Soul called out coldly, he stared at Lu Wei Yin’s sand puppet fixedly. He knew that Lu Wei Yin purposely spoke to target his morale, to exert mental pressure on him.


 In a battle between experts, every word was a contest. Especially against information path Gu Immortals, every word they said was sharp like a blade or spear, the enemies could not be lax against them.


 Fang Yuan ignored Spectral Soul and continued to speak with Lu Wei Yin: "Even though I used up two Immortal Gu Houses to lower this old monster’s wariness, this battlefield killer move has such power, it was not a waste. Now, it will depend on you."


 Lu Wei Yin knew about Fang Yuan’s tribulation, in fact, the heavenly mark killer move that Fang Yuan had was also given to him by Lu Wei Yin!


 As a matter of fact, Fang Yuan did not trust Lu Wei Yin. His original destination was not Earth Abyss but Crazed Demon Cave instead. Fang Yuan did not know a lot about Lu Wei Yin’s background, there was nothing much about him in the five hundred years of memories either.


 Right now, not only was Spectral Soul stuck in the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield, Fang Yuan was the same.


 Fang Yuan’s two Immortal Gu Houses, Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship, were also destroyed, he lost many Gu worms, even the few core Immortal Gu that he retrieved were all injured.


 Spectral Soul snickered: "Fang Yuan, hide well. Maybe Lu Wei Yin will let you out? Hehehe, but it is not a problem, Paradise Earth died long ago, his earth path battlefield cannot trap me for long. Once I decipher this place, it will be your time to die!"


 Lu Wei Yin did not answer, he activated the battlefield.


 From the yellow sand flying around Spectral Soul, a figure flew out, it was Fang Yuan’s Qi Sea clone.


 Qi Sea Ancestor saw Spectral Soul and got stunned, it was as if he had just charged through the sandstorm and did not expect to see Spectral Soul here.


 But at the next moment, Qi Sea Ancestor made his move, unleashing qi path methods on Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul snorted coldly, he blocked the attacks and wanted to retaliate but saw that Qi Sea Ancestor got enveloped by the sandstorm, vanishing into thin air.


 Spectral Soul immediately chased, he went into the yellow sand, but he could not see any sign of Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Another figure approached, it was Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Spectral Soul was about to speak when he saw that Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s expression was strange, he became wary.


 As expected, Demon Immortal Qi Jue attacked him at the next moment.


 Spectral Soul resisted as he called out: "Qi Jue, what are you doing?"


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue snickered: "Qi Sea Ancestor, since you provoked me, I will show you the true power of qi path!"


 After hearing this, Spectral Soul became stunned, he thought: "Don’t tell me this earth path battlefield has another ability to confuse enemies?"


 Since Spectral Soul could perceive the sand puppet as Fang Yuan without realizing so, it was not strange that Demon Immortal Qi Jue would get deceived and mistake him for Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Spectral Soul and Demon Immortal Qi Jue fought for over ten rounds, Demon Immortal Qi Jue suffered injuries as he got devoured by the sandstorm again.


 Next was Qing Chou.


 "Spectral Soul, I want you dead! I want you dead!" Qing Chou was still insane, the rank nine aura on its body was extremely dense, Spectral Soul’s heart jumped upon sensing it.


 Like this, at times he fought Qi Sea Ancestor, at times he fought Demon Immortal Qi Jue, sometimes, he even faced the legendary immemorial desolate beast Qing Chou.


 They started to appear and disappear in the sandstorm, engaging with Spectral Soul while taking turns!


 Spectral Soul had outstanding battle strength, far beyond them individually, but whenever he gained some advantage, Lu Wei Yin, who controlled the battlefield, would swap opponents and leave Spectral Soul helpless.


 Even after several rounds of attacks, Spectral Soul could not break free from the yellow sand, he could only fight them.


 Faraway in the battlefield, Fang Yuan was focusing on his tribulation. Wu Shuai guarded him with a vigilant expression, all around him, countless army ants gathered into a hollow ball, shielding him and Fang Yuan from the outside.


 Within the sovereign immortal aperture, the myriad tribulation had already turned into a torrential flood!


 Water levels rose, engulfing ten thousand li of land.


 Fang Yuan’s five regions were all affected, a large number of small sized resource points were completely destroyed, Mini Central Continent’s spirit spring forest, Mini Northern Plains’ bone burial field, contact heart river bank, Mini Western Desert’s eerie fire dragon python, sand gull soil beach, Mini Southern Border’s become dragon mound, Heaven Sealing Mountain, and Mini Eastern Sea’s jade root lake were all heavily damaged. As for the few resource points that Fang Yuan defended heavily, they also met with a huge impact.


 Fang Yuan’s losses were severe!


 There was no helping it, he had done his best.


 The good thing was that his hard work and sacrifices were not in vain, he had already refined more than twenty heaven path dao marks!


 Against the initial myriad tribulation, myriad destruction lightning forest, Fang Yuan came up with a countermeasure after great effort. Due to heaven’s will’s manipulation, the heaven path dao marks immediately changed the tribulation, causing Fang Yuan’s previous method to become ineffective.


 If this happened to most Gu Immortals in the current world, it would lead to despair. But for Fang Yuan, each time the myriad tribulation transformed, it was a great opportunity for him!


 Because he had the killer move exposing heavenly secret.


 Exposing heavenly secret allowed Fang Yuan to accurately predict what the next tribulation was, even though he could not prepare for it amply, it was still an opportunity he could use.


 After all, the greatest problem and danger of tribulations was that they could not be predicted. Once they were known beforehand, their threat level would fall by many times.


 Of course, even if myriad tribulations could be predicted, they were still myriad tribulations. Thus, the sovereign immortal aperture flooded and countless resources were destroyed.


 Fang Yuan’s losses were huge, but it was not a bad thing entirely!


 The myriad tribulation’s power continued to fall, because the essence of the Heavenly Dao was to maintain balance, the more losses Fang Yuan suffered, the weaker the tribulation would be, even if heaven’s will was here, it could not defy the natural operations of the Heavenly Dao.


 More and more heaven path dao marks were refined by Fang Yuan, his speed of refinement was getting faster and faster!


 The first step was the hardest, Fang Yuan sacrificed all of his soul beasts to create an opportunity in this biggest predicament of his life.


 He succeeded!


 Despite the myriad tribulation’s rampage, Fang Yuan already managed to regain his footing, he was slowly turning the situation around.


 Spectral Soul fell into a tough battle.


 Lu Wei Yin controlled the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield, causing him to be in an extremely passive spot.


 Qi Sea Ancestor, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Qing Chou, and even Lu Wei Yin could attack Spectral Soul at the same time.


 Qing Chou was overcome by rage, it was once used by Spectral Soul, but in here, Lu Wei Yin could relocate it easily, Spectral Soul had no opportunities to do so.


 As intense winds blew, a sandstorm brewed, suddenly, all of the sand gathered into rocks, they flew around in their own vortexes.


 Instantly, countless flying rocks enveloped Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul waved his hand as smoke flew out, some of the flying rocks melted in the black smoke but most of them pierced through it and shot towards Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul’s figure suddenly vanished, when he reappeared, he was already at the other end of the battlefield.


 He dodged almost all of the flying rocks, but after these flying rocks flew into the sandstorm, they turned back into sand.


 After that, the sand turned back into yellowish flying rocks that shot towards Spectral Soul.


 "This move is called flying sand turning rocks, please evaluate it, Lord Spectral Soul." Lu Wei Yin’s voice resounded from within.


 "Child’s play." Spectral Soul howled as his body shook, black smoke rumbled with him as the center, spreading towards the surroundings with rapid speed.


 "Spin." As Spectral Soul vanished within the black smoke, he shouted again.


 At the next moment, the black smoke turned into a vortex that started to rotate. Spectral Soul was at the center, he released black smoke while simultaneously absorbing it.


 As the flying rocks flew into the black smoke, they corroded into sand before the black smoke swept them into Spectral Soul’s immortal aperture.


 Seeing this countermeasure, Lu Wei Yin praised: "Brilliant, as expected of Lord Spectral Soul. However, I specially chose the location of my battlefield on this earth vein. No matter how many flying rocks you absorb, this battlefield can draw more earth qi from the earth vein as replenishment. Thus, unless you can deplete the entire earth vein, these flying rocks are endless."


 These words did not affect Spectral Soul, the former Demon Venerable sneered with deep killing intent: "Lu Wei Yin, did you think this move only countered your flying sand turning rocks?"


 "Oh no." Lu Wei Yin’s expression changed, there was no time to react.


 At the next moment, all of the flying sand in the sky fell to the ground, a portion of the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield was corroded by the black smoke, it returned to being a flat yellowish landscape.


 "Shifting sand illusion was actually broken so quickly!" Lu Wei Yin’s expression was ugly.


 Spectral Soul hid his true move deeply, he seemed to be dealing with the killer move, flying sand turning rocks, but his real target was shifting sand illusion. Now that this move was broken, there were no longer any sand puppets left.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue broke out of the illusion, while Fang Yuan’s real location was exposed.


 "Fang Yuan, how long are you going to hide for?" Spectral Soul flew towards Fang Yuan without hesitation.


 Wu Shuai fought to resist him, but the defense of the army ants became torn apart instantly by Spectral Soul.


 A black soul ball shot out, after a few breaths of time, it reached Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan remained seated on the ground, he opened his eyes as he smiled lightly: "I don’t need to dodge."


 Rumble!


 An Immortal Gu House suddenly appeared, shielding Wu Shuai and Fang Yuan.


 The black soul ball landed on the Immortal Gu House, erupting with immense might. However, this Immortal Gu House remained still like a mountain, it did not move!


 "You still have an Immortal Gu House?!" At this moment, Spectral Soul’s pupils shrank, he frowned deeply.



***
Chapter 2049 Spectral Souls Anxiety


***





 



 An Immortal Gu House suddenly appeared in the battlefield.


 It was like a mountain, but it was not tall. There were clear layers on this mountain from the bottom to the top, it was smooth on the surface, so it resembled a tower made of dozens of giant drums. This Immortal Gu House was yellowish brown, there was also a misty layer of sand covering its surface, giving it a strong feeling of sturdiness and peace.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress!


 This earth path Immortal Gu House was obtained when Fang Yuan explored the dream realm. It was different from most Immortal Gu Houses in essence, because this Immortal Gu House did not have any core Immortal Gu, its core was made of immortal killer moves.


 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress had three core killer moves, the most important one was accumulated soil mountain.


 This move was very special, it did not have offense, movement, healing or other aspects. Using this killer move, the Gu Immortal could stack earth path Gu worms to allow them to form an Immortal Gu House! This could be done even if the Gu Immortal using the killer move had zero attainment in formation path itself!


 Gaining this killer move was also the same as gaining the foundation of the Immortal Gu House, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress!


 Thus, every Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress had a different appearance. In fact, even for the same Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, because the earth path Gu worms used were different, they could gain various forms and abilities.


 Fang Yuan had created this Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress for some time already. He obtained the complete blueprint from the dream realm, he also gained a large number of earth path Immortal Gu from the blue dragon whale. The truth was, he had already obtained this rank eight Immortal Gu House before the fate war!


 Right now, Fang Yuan took out this Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress to change the situation.


 Spectral Soul’s assault did not work on Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, Qing Chou, and the rest could force him to divert his target to them.


 "I thought Fang Yuan was lying earlier to put up a front, I thought he was forced to abandon Myriad Year Flying Warship and Dragon Palace. Now it seems, he intentionally lured me into this trap!" Spectral Soul’s heart sank a little.


 The truth was, Fang Yuan’s act of giving up the two Immortal Gu Houses did lower his wariness. After all, without Myriad Year Flying Warship or Dragon Palace, Fang Yuan really seemed like he was at his wits’ end.


 To think that he had such a trump card!


 Lu Wei Yin also felt surprised, thinking to himself: Fang Yuan was willing to pay such a huge price to lure Spectral Soul here. Is this a form of trust? Or is he testing our first cooperation?


 The truth was, Fang Yuan had no other choice.


 Even though he had been keeping this Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress a secret, it had one huge drawback. Its speed was too slow! If there was a list of fastest to slowest Immortal Gu Houses, this Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress would definitely rank at the bottom without doubt.


 Honestly speaking, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was the tortoise among Immortal Gu Houses, its speed was only superior to immortal formations, it was simply helpless. But such weaknesses came with great advantages, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress had an incredibly powerful defense instead!


 If Spectral Soul or Lu Wei Yin knew about Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress’ weakness, they would understand Fang Yuan’s plight.


 If he took out Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress earlier in the battle, he would not be able to get far, he would only be a target board, attacked by everyone. Even though Fang Yuan would have some temporary safety, the other forces could mobilize their people and gather to kill Fang Yuan together.


 Thus, he could not stay at one spot, this was Central Continent, Heavenly Court’s territory, even though Heavenly Court was weak now, it was still governing the ten great ancient sects!


 But here, when Fang Yuan used Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, the effect was completely different.


 Spectral Soul had to defend against the attacks of Lu Wei Yin, Qi Sea Ancestor, and the rest, he did not forget to attack Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress in the meantime.


 But Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress remained unmovable, it was a true fortress!


 Even someone like Spectral Soul started to be emotionally affected. His main target was Fang Yuan from the start, but to get to him, he would have to destroy this Immortal Gu House. This huge obstacle was causing Spectral Soul to feel anxious internally.


 If Spectral Soul ignored Fang Yuan and dealt with the enemies in this battlefield, Fang Yuan would gain more time to recuperate. This was something Spectral Soul did not want to see.


 During the intense battle, Spectral Soul looked towards Qing Chou, thinking of using it to create an opening.


 But Lu Wei Yin sensed it quickly, once Spectral Soul showed signs of targeting Qing Chou, he would use the battlefield killer move to teleport Qing Chou away.


 Qing Chou only targeted its greatest enemy, Spectral Soul, it knew that Lu Wei Yin was trying to help it instead of Spectral Soul, it would not attack him abruptly.


 Spectral Soul’s plans were thwarted in advance, he transmitted to Demon Immortal Qi Jue: "Qi Jue, focus on destroying this Immortal Gu House, I will definitely satisfy you with the reward!"


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue hesitated: "Spectral Soul, you have higher battle strength than me, if you can’t succeed, how can I?"


 Spectral Soul snorted coldly: "Who says I can’t do it? It will merely take some effort. We lack cooperation, the best move now is for me to deal with these enemies and the battlefield while you target Fang Yuan. You have the secluded domain of heaven and earth, Xi, as long as you pay some price, how hard can it be to destroy the Immortal Gu House?"


 Spectral Soul’s main target was Fang Yuan but now, he had to look away from his target. Firstly, this Immortal Gu House had high defense, destroying it was too troublesome. Secondly, Spectral Soul and Qi Jue were just working together, their relationship was quite shallow, Qi Jue was not reliable at all. Asking him to attack was guarding against him, if anything happened, Spectral Soul could still break out of the battlefield, it was a relatively safer option.


 Spectral Soul had the strongest killing nature throughout history, but he was not a fool who lacked wisdom or logic, he was not overwhelmed by his desire to kill.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue also did not want to be trapped in this battlefield, he did not doubt Spectral Soul’s decision to destroy the battlefield.


 He thought about it for a while before laughing: "My Xi Land can break this earth path Immortal Gu House but the price is very steep, after all, I cultivate qi path and not earth path. After I succeed, it is likely that my Xi Land will be destroyed! But this deal is not impossible, it will depend on you, Spectral Soul, what price can you pay me to make such a huge sacrifice?"


 "What, you think I can’t afford it?" Spectral Soul asked.


 "You are a venerable, you have immense foundation, I am quite looking forward to it. But until now, the true inheritances that you gave me are high in quantity but lack quality, I am quite disappointed."


 "Hmph! You mean to say, only venerable inheritances are good enough for you."


 "Of course." Demon Immortal Qi Jue spoke openly: "Only venerable true inheritances are of value to me. In fact, I am interested in your true inheritance too!"


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was an old demon, in this situation, he actually wanted to extort Spectral Soul’s soul path true inheritance. This was a really shameless thing to do.


 Spectral Soul was not willing to take this loss, he replied firmly: "Qi Jue, don’t forget about our goal! If you do not put in effort now, how can you kill Fang Yuan? We might both get trapped in this battlefield, ending up as their prey."


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue became silent, the situation was quite tense now, this earth path battlefield had unfathomable depths, he had not understood it completely yet.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was merely testing him earlier, seeing that Spectral Soul was firm in his stance, he decided to work together and get over this hurdle first.


 Even though Spectral Soul broke one layer of the earth path battlefield, the combination of Lu Wei Yin, Qing Chou, and Qi Sea Ancestor still placed a huge pressure on him.


 Even though Demon Immortal Qi Jue countered Qi Sea Ancestor entirely, due to Lu Wei Yin’s control, Qi Sea Ancestor did not fight against Demon Immortal Qi Jue. Qing Chou was actually quite useful here, this beast fought without regard for its life, it created huge problems for Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Battlefield killer moves were hard to set up, but usually, after they were activated, the Gu Immortal would gain a huge advantage in the domain.


 Enslavement path and formation path could allow one to fight against many enemies, it was because these two paths could allow one to gain huge strength if used well.


 As for this illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield, it was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, modified by generations of inheritors, it was very threatening. Furthermore, this battlefield was created in Earth Abyss, combined with the earth vein, it had an unceasing amount of earth qi, Spectral Soul and Qi Jue were troubled.


 Within the sovereign immortal aperture, the myriad tribulation was still continuing.


 The myriad tribulation changed again, it was a flood earlier, now it turned into a blazing flame, razing everything to the ground and creating huge heat waves.


 "I have already refined more than fifty heaven path dao marks!" Fang Yuan made some new progress.


 Each time the myriad tribulation changed, it created danger for him.


 But danger was accompanied by opportunity!



***
Chapter 2050 How Do We Fight This?


***





 



 Along with his gains, Fang Yuan also paid a hefty price.

 Mini Southern Border, which was the most prosperous of the five mini regions, was half devastated.

 Immortal Succession Mountain was destroyed, washed away entirely by the flood. This mountain was a mid-sized resource point obtained from Hei Fan grotto-heaven, it once had the ability to help mortals ascend to immortal.

 There was also Heaven Sealing Mountain. This mountain was created by Fang Yuan, it was small and unassuming, within the mountain itself, Fang Yuan had once set up a formation to seal his strength path immortal zombie body.

 Other than them, there were also up to a hundred mountains and valleys. The greatest losses were Interior Rain Mountain, Copper Seal Mountain, and Bone Bird Peak.

 Interior Rain Mountain’s peak was always shrouded by a layer of dark clouds from where light rain continued to fall. The drizzling rain was not ordinary rainwater, but rank six immortal material interior rain! This was a resource point that produced water path immortal materials, now it was in ruins.

 Copper Seal Mountain was no longer whole, it used to have a red and squarish shape, it was like a large seal was standing upright in Mini Southern Border. This mountain did not have even a trace of soil, it was completely formed from all kinds of copper.

 There was mortal level copper like chaotic sky copper, pragna copper, snow flower copper, and so on, and immortal copper like profound grey copper and ascending dragon copper.

 Copper Seal Mountain was so special, it was heavily targeted by the myriad tribulation myriad destruction lightning forest. Now, half of the mountain was destroyed and charred, giving out dense smoke and sparks. The entire mountain had turned into a molten state, it emitted a terrible smell.

 This mountain once produced domination copper, that was a rank seven immortal material! It was a pity that the tribulation struck, it could no longer produce any.

 As for Bone Bird Peak, it used to have a large number of flower wing white bone birds, filled with vitality. Now, the entire mountain had collapsed too, all of the flower wing white bone birds died from the lightning bolts.

 Lightning bolts destroyed mountains, floods destroyed forests.

 Fang Yuan had originally obtained a large amount of musical trees from Hei Fan grotto-heaven, he created Mini Southern Border’s primitive forest using them. After this myriad tribulation, what forest could survive? Not to mention the beautiful qi death birds or the fragrant tea streams.

 Mini Southern Border was almost completely devastated.

 Only several areas were heavily protected by Fang Yuan.

 Among them were the coiling thread caves, stalactite caves, and the dark inkstone mines. These resource points were all underground, it was easier to preserve them. Furthermore, the rockmen lived in these places.

 Fire Bird Mountain was an exception, because it was quite isolated, it escaped this disaster.

 This mid-sized resource point had fire path birds of all kinds growing in it. At the top of the volcano were fire phoenixes that were suppressed by the formation. The sunset parasol trees on the mountain absorbed lava as nutrients to grow, branches extended as leaves grew, they gave out the beautiful light of the setting sun, it was an amazing sight to behold.

 Other than Mini Southern Border, the other four mini regions were also affected to some extent.

 Mini Northern Plains’ shallow rock beach was obtained from annexing Han Dong blessed land. It was completely washed away by the floods, all of the pinkish red spirit snakes living in it died.

 Mini Western Desert’s hound desert was obtained from Liu Yong blessed land. There were more than twenty desolate hounds there, they all died without a corpse remaining.

 Mini Central Continent and Mini Eastern Sea, even the mini nine heavens were implicated by the myriad tribulation!

 However, Fang Yuan could not care about it at this point.

 Myriad tribulations had taken so many rank eight Gu Immortals’ lives, in the long history of the world, countless geniuses died primarily from them. If he was careless, even Fang Yuan could lose his life!

 Fang Yuan not only had to deal with the myriad tribulation, he also had to face the three forces chasing after him!!

 If losing some resources meant that he could improve the situation, why wouldn’t Fang Yuan do it?

 What was more important, his life or these resources?

 The answer was obvious.

 Only by staying alive could he have any hope for the future.

 In fact, even if all of Fang Yuan’s resources were destroyed, even if he lost the sovereign immortal body and his clones, as long as he was alive and got through this predicament, as long as he had one breath remaining, he would accept the result.

 The most important thing was an unyielding spirit, how could mere success and failure determine his life!

 “The loss of these resource points is actually helpful to me. The Heavenly Dao seeks balance, with these resource points gone, the myriad tribulation has weakened proportionately. Thus, my efficiency in refining the heaven path dao marks will continue to become higher! Hmm?”

 Fang Yuan’s expression suddenly changed.

 Rumble!

 With an intense sound, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress shook harshly, hundreds and thousands of Gu worms shattered and died.

 It was the move that Demon Immortal Qi Jue had been preparing for a long time!

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue!

 This old demon who had resisted Limitless Demon Venerable in history, he had vicious methods capable of weakening and damaging Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress. If he was allowed to continue attacking, he would eventually break through Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.

 It was not that Lu Wei Yin or the Qi Sea clone did not try to stop him, but Spectral Soul’s continuous attacks hindered them.

 Spectral Soul’s body surged with black smoke, he attacked and defended at times, unleashing several immemorial soul beasts while using peculiar soul path killer moves. He not only protected Qi Jue, giving him ample time and opportunity to attack, he even probed illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield even further, he managed to break another layer of this battlefield!

 “Lu Wei Yin, Qing Chou, and the Qi Sea clone are attacking Spectral Soul but he is still having an easy time. This current Spectral Soul is also just his remnant soul, he is still injured and has not reached the peak state he was in during the time he refined sovereign immortal fetus Gu.”

 Fang Yuan sighed internally.

 He could genuinely feel the depth of Spectral Soul’s strength!

 “I cannot let this go on, Wu Shuai, go and join the battle, deal with Spectral Soul!” Fang Yuan instructed.

 In this current situation, Spectral Soul and the other two forces wanted Fang Yuan dead. On the other hand, Lu Wei Yin carried on Paradise Earth’s will, he wanted to exterminate Spectral Soul.

 Fang Yuan was the focus, but Spectral Soul was also crucial.

 Fang Yuan did not feel great external pressure now, his wariness stemmed from Spectral Soul, he did not hesitate to use all his strength against him.

 Wu Shuai joined the fight!

 At once, army ants gathered and formed a river of ants, they swept towards Spectral Soul.

 Spectral Soul split a portion of his concentration and used killer moves to resist them.

 Wu Shuai was Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone, he cultivated enslavement path, even though he had not cultivated for long, he inherited the inheritance of the dragonman race, as well as the actual Wu Shuai’s true inheritance.

 After several rounds of attacks, Lu Wei Yin became hopeful as he thought: “Even though Wu Shuai does not attack often, he has rank eight cultivation level, his battle strength is quite incredible. With him around, we can finally place pressure on Spectral Soul!”

 With him controlling the battlefield, even Qing Chou could join the fight, not to mention Wu Shuai who cooperated with them.

 Wu Shuai soon mixed in with this group, their tempo became faster as they emitted greater pressure on Spectral Soul.

 Spectral Soul was the strongest in the world, but he had not regained his peak strength. Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Qi Sea Ancestor could fight him for over ten rounds even if they could not defeat him.

 With Wu Shuai’s participation, a qualitative change appeared, it tilted the balance of both sides.

 Lu Wei Yin and the rest attacked unceasingly, their attacks did not stop even once.

 Spectral Soul started to get into a passive spot as he resisted their joint attacks.

 Immortal killer move — Upper-Lower Breathless Qi!

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue stretched out two fingers as he pointed at the top and bottom of Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.

 At once, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress became immobilized, Fang Yuan who was inside had a change of expression, he could not breath smoothly. Even worse was that his injection of immortal essence into Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress became choppy and inconsistent.

 Immortal Gu Houses required a lot of immortal essence to work. The same applied to Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, after getting hit by this move, its defenses became much weaker.

 A huge flaw in Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress became exposed.

 It was just too slow, it had to resist most killer moves head on. Of course, it had immense defense, it could waste a lot of the enemies’ immortal essence.

 Thus, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was suited for a battle of attrition. Gu Immortals could heal up inside and analyze the enemy’s killer moves while using the defense to waste the enemy’s immortal essence.

 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress also lacked offensive methods. The truth was, Demon Immortal Qi Jue could ignore Fang Yuan and help Spectral Soul fight against Lu Wei Yin and the rest. Fang Yuan was currently troubled by the myriad tribulation, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was of little threat to them in terms of offense.

 Immortal killer move — Soul Explosion!

 Spectral Soul suddenly turned around, he endured the attacks of Lu Wei Yin and the rest as he pointed with his fingers, more than ten black dots flew out.

 The black dots shot towards the top of Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress before turning into more than ten immemorial soul beasts.

 These immemorial soul beasts crashed down onto Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, their mountain-like bodies completely burying the Immortal Gu House.

 At the next moment, boom!

 A terrifying explosion killed these immemorial soul beasts on the spot, their sacrifices resulted in this intense explosion resembling a giant black ball.

 The black ball rapidly expanded, in a few breaths of time, it grew to over the size of a hundred li!

 The earth and mountains shook, the entire battlefield started to shake intensely.

 Lu Wei Yin’s expression changed, he immediately went away to defend the battlefield. If this battlefield broke, even if one corner of it was destroyed, the entire situation would aggravate.

 “Spectral Soul is so crafty, he actually had such a terrifying move!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue squinted, retreating to a safe distance: “Soul explosion is not uncommon, it is expected that he would detonate the immemorial soul beasts, but how could he perfectly fuse the detonation of more than ten immemorial soul beasts together like this?”

 “Oh no, I wonder how our main body is doing?” Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor became worried.

 “Roar!” Qing Chou was also implicated and got quite injured, the greater the pain, the more maniacal it became.

 It did not care about anything, it attacked Spectral Soul again.

 Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor had to follow suit, they could not allow Spectral Soul to absorb Qing Chou’s strength.

 After using this move, Spectral Soul also turned pale. Against Qing Chou’s assault, he focused on defense while trying to recover. It was evident that the move earlier consumed a huge amount of his mental energy!

 In truth, this soul explosion was very costly. Immemorial soul beasts had rank eight battle strength, Spectral Soul expended more than ten of them at once!

 “I wonder how Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress is now?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue approached Fang Yuan.

 As the dust clouds faded away, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress appeared in everyone’s vision again.

 They saw that this earth path Immortal Gu House was thirty percent shorter, the surface seemed damaged but no holes were created.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue squinted as he sighed internally: “This Immortal Gu House’s defense is likely the highest of all Immortal Gu Houses that currently exist!”

 Immortal killer move — Accumulated Soil Mountain!

 Within the Immortal Gu House, Fang Yuan injected immortal essence as he activated the core killer move.

 Countless earth path Gu worms flew up in sovereign immortal aperture, entering the Immortal Gu House. After three breaths of time, not only did Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress recover fully, its appearance also changed, instead of being round like before, it became more like a tower now, there were edges and sharp corners.

 “This?!” Even someone like Demon Immortal Qi Jue stared at this with wide eyes, he felt a little empty internally.

 This was too shameless.

 Not only did Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress have high defense, its recovery speed was also this fast!

 In the current world, most Immortal Gu Houses could not be easily repaired. When replenishing Gu worms, those positions were usually fixed. It was also not as easy as placing Gu worms into these specific positions, there was usually a need to use special Gu worms or killer moves to achieve this.

 Immortal Gu Houses were a type of mobile immortal formation, to repair Immortal Gu Houses or immortal formations, one had to consider the influence that these actions would have on the main structure.

 But Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was different.

 Looking at one example.

 Repairing other Immortal Gu Houses was like stacking a Jenga tower, the Gu Immortals had to put specific Gu worms into specific holes. During this process, the Gu Immortal had to use methods to stabilize the tower while placing the Gu worms to try to prevent it from toppling.

 But Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was the opposite, because the core was made of immortal killer moves, no matter how many earth path Gu worms Fang Yuan put in, they could easily merge with the tower and have great stability. In fact, they could even alter the properties of the tower.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Spectral Soul spent so long dealing with Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, they had finally gotten some information about it, yet after Fang Yuan’s modifications, the entire fortress was different than before. Spectral Soul and Qi Jue’s probe had to start all over again!

 “How do we fight this?” Similar thoughts emerged in the minds of Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Spectral Soul.



***
Chapter 2051 Giant Spectral Soul


***





 



 Other Gu Immortals would feel despair at this moment.

 “This rascal Fang Yuan is too good at turtling up, how can we kill him?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue asked with a tone that contained anger and frustration.

 Spectral Soul also turned silent for a moment before he smiled coldly.

 Instantly, a terrifying killing intent seemed to condense and solidify, emanating from his body, everyone could feel their limbs turning cold as they shook in their hearts.

 After suffering a setback, Spectral Soul’s determination to kill Fang Yuan became even firmer!

 “I will dismantle his tortoise shell! Go and deal with the rest, guard me.” Spectral Soul said as his soul flew out and devoured Lady Cold Ash’s body in one mouthful.

 A soul giant that was as large as a mountain appeared before everyone!

 The giant’s body was black as ink, it had muscular limbs and bulging muscles. There were two heads, one was scary while the other was cold and aloof. The first pair of eyes had blood red light in them, shooting towards heaven, the other pair of eyes was cold as ice, emitting a deep chill.

 It also had six hundred pairs of arms that were raised up or lowered, some were tucked in while others were straight, it showed the stance of grasping the sun and moon, it had the potential to catch stars and whip up storms.

 “Amazing giant!” Lu Wei Yin’s body shook as he praised, fighting spirit surged in him as he shouted: “Then take this move!”

 He used all his strength to activate illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield.

 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!

 Intense winds blew as yellow sand flew, countless rocks moved along, they slammed towards the black soul giant’s body like shooting stars.

 The black soul giant only watched coldly as it raised its arms.

 Two hundred pairs of arms stretched out and stabbed into the sandstorm. The ghost hands stretched out their fingers as they grabbed towards the sandstorm.

 Unexpectedly, the formless sandstorm was grabbed onto like silk or threads in the sky!

 The black soul giant pulled, snapping sounds could be heard continuously. The sandstorm was pulled apart, wind scattered as clear vision returned to the battlefield.

 Lu Wei Yin’s eyes were bulging, his expression turned pale, Spectral Soul dealt with the battlefield so easily, he was deeply shocked!

 “Let me.” Qi Sea Ancestor flew into the sky, staring at the black soul giant at equal heights.

 Immortal killer move — Qi Breath Mountain.

 Rumble!

 A huge translucent mountain created from air currents descended and pressed down immediately.

 This move was once used by Duke Long, it was part of Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, it managed to send Purple Mountain True Monarch flying. Right now, with Qi Sea Ancestor using it, the power was not to be underestimated.

 Giant Spectral Soul looked at the mountain but approached it instead, he raised more than a hundred pairs of arms, at once, the entire battlefield seemed to have hundreds of black trees, resembling a forest!

 The hundred pairs of arms blocked the qi mountain, emitting a loud sound.

 The five sharp fingers of each of the ghost hands grabbed, the qi current mountain lasted for a breath of time before breaking apart.

 Qi Sea Ancestor grunted, he was forced to retreat.

 But Spectral Soul did not let him off, the angry head roared loudly and spat out a grand soul river. The soul river was made of countless ghosts and vengeful spirits, they cried out in agony and despair, causing the entire battlefield to freeze up for a moment.

 Seeing the power of this move, Qi Sea Ancestor understood that this move was extraordinary, its might was many times higher than the self-detonation of the immemorial soul beasts earlier!

 At this moment, Spectral Soul had used his true strength. Not only did he turn into a black soul giant, he even changed his killer moves, each attack became much stronger, they were all vicious and terrifying.

 Qi Sea Ancestor waved his hands, two hands flew out of his wide sleeves. His index and middle fingers stretched out and drew a circle in the air, causing wind and clouds to move along.

 Immortal killer move — Qi Current Scissors!

 A translucent qi current flew out of his sleeves, moving rapidly.

 These qi currents seemed weak but they were extremely sharp, they drew an arc in the sky before gathering to form a translucent qi current river.

 With a loud sound, the qi current scissors river crashed into the vengeful ghost river!

 The qi current scissors was forced back but the soul river also suffered some damage, it still managed to move as it quickly approached Qi Sea Ancestor.

 Lu Wei Yin shouted as he activated the battlefield, creating a rock shield that intercepted the soul river at its weak spot.

 Qi Sea Ancestor’s face was already flushing red, it was a tough contest of strength, he quickly used this chance to escape.

 “Spectral Soul, why aren’t you going to die!!” At the same time, Qing Chou shouted as it approached from the left.

 At the right of Giant Spectral Soul, Wu Shuai wordlessly manipulated his army ants that pressed down like a black cloud, attacking Giant Spectral Soul’s head.

 Attacked from the left and right!

 Spectral Soul did not move, three hundred pairs of arms resisted Qing Chou while a hundred pairs of arms attacked Wu Shuai.

 Qing Chou was fighting without regard for its life, it advanced relentlessly.

 Spectral Soul snickered as the fingers of his hands gathered into a sharp spear form, this move countered soul beasts!

 At the next instant, a hundred pairs of arms stabbed into Qing Chou’s body, green-black blood oozed out and dyed the battlefield.

 Seeing this blood, a bright light shined on the face of Spectral Soul’s angry head, he snickered coldly: “Soul beasts have no blood, but your body seems to have changed under the influence of hatred Gu’s refinement. Interesting! After this battle, I will dissect your body before attempting good and thorough research.”

 In other words, Spectral Soul was completely confident in taking down Qing Chou.

 Qing Chou growled in pain, its snake-like neck struggled intensely, its roars almost burst the immortals’ eardrums.

 Its entire body emitted black smoke, almost the same as Spectral Soul. Not just that, it opened its mouth and shot out more than ten human faced soul balls that were covered in lightning!

 All sorts of attacks landed on Giant Spectral Soul, it was like wind blowing on a tree, even though the leaves were moving, the trunk remained still and motionless.

 Spectral Soul’s arms that were stabbed into Qing Chou pushed deeper, trying to destroy its body from the inside.

 Qing Chou cried out continuously, it was heavily injured by Spectral Soul, unable to break free, its blood flowed like a river, this was a gruesome sight.

 Seeing this, Wu Shuai who cultivated enslavement path and had a weak body did not dare to take a risk, he quickly retreated. He decided that unless there was no choice, he would only attack from afar.

 The army ants were densely packed and moved like a cloud that could gather and split at will, they rushed towards the black soul giant’s eyes, nose, and ears.

 Spectral Soul’s cold head snorted as he breathed out black smoke from his nose. The smoke spread out, wherever it went, army ants died without resistance, a large number of them fell at once.

 “As expected of a former Demon Venerable!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s eyes shined with bright light, he was full of praise.

 Spectral Soul unleashed his true strength, it immediately changed the situation!

 Even though Lu Wei Yin and the rest had the territorial advantage as well as more people, they still got suppressed by him.

 Spectral Soul struck several times to completely block them, after that, he went back and stared at Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress. Four hundred arms stretched out and clenched into fists, they punched at the rank eight earth path Immortal Gu House with black qi covering the fists!

 Bam bam bam…

 Each punch caused Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress to shake intensely.

 As countless fists rained down, black qi also invaded the Immortal Gu House. Soon, the fragments began to fall off Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress’ surface, shattering into pieces.

 Fang Yuan quickly used his killer move and added in earth path Gu worms to replenish it.

 But other trouble came at the same time, inside his sovereign immortal aperture, the myriad tribulation transformed again!

 Almost all of the heaven path dao marks gathered into a giant monstrous ball of flesh.

 The flesh ball floated in the air, it was large as a mountain, more than ten times of Spectral Soul’s size, casting a shadow down onto the ground.

 Countless black colored holes appeared on the flesh ball’s surface.

 As the holes expanded, they emitted a huge suction force, soon, tornadoes began to form from these holes.

 As the tornadoes moved, countless resources in the sovereign immortal aperture, even variant humans got swept away and sucked into the flesh ball.

 At once, growling and crying could be heard as fatalities rose.

 The flesh ball quickly digested them as it slowly expanded in size!

 “Oh no, I have never seen this myriad tribulation before, it also seems to be able to grow, it can get stronger and stronger!” Fang Yuan’s heart sank.

 He needed to deal with Spectral Soul’s attacks and the myriad tribulation in his immortal aperture.

 Either one required his full attention and strength, nobody else could help him with this.

 Fang Yuan could not attend to both ends, he had to choose what to give up.

 “Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress can still last some time, but if I let the myriad tribulation grow further, it will exceed the limit of my capabilities!” Realizing the greater problem at hand, Fang Yuan chose to deal with the myriad tribulation.

 Most of his attention was placed in the sovereign immortal aperture, his manipulation of Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress became slightly slower.

 Combat Beast King had already awakened, he dragged his injured body and stood up while gritting his teeth, listening to Fang Yuan’s orders.

 Xue Er controlled the situation on the ground, using the ice crystal formation to resist the suction of the tornadoes.

 The flesh ball monster floated towards her slowly while being firm as a mountain, there was a huge pressure placed on Xue Er.

 Immortal killer move unrestrained heavenly mark was still active, Fang Yuan had not stopped using it even for one moment! But now, its effect had fallen to its lowest point.

 Countless thoughts collided in Fang Yuan’s mind, it was like a turbulent sea, the sight was spectacular.

 Fang Yuan multitasked, he first activated a wisdom path killer move, the quantity of his thoughts expanded abruptly, even his mind seemed small in comparison!

 A vast number of thoughts collided, allowing Fang Yuan to think acutely, he was able to use other killer moves now.

 There was no choice, Fang Yuan activated the human path formation to interfere with the Heavenly Dao’s interference.

 As the formation activated, it created a buzzing noise as it shined with a brilliant light. At this step, over half of Fang Yuan’s thoughts were already expended!

 If this continued, the consumption of thoughts would exceed the production, he would soon run out of thoughts and Fang Yuan would turn into an idiot instantly.

 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth but was not flustered, he was prepared for this, there were many of his wills in the human path formation.

 Fang Yuan’s wills took charge of the formation as it operated, allowing his thoughts to accumulate again. Fang Yuan only had to do the first step of activating the formation.

 “Again!” Fang Yuan shouted internally as he activated the wisdom path killer move again.

 The thoughts in his mind burst out again like a tsunami, the quantity rose continuously, almost filling up his entire mind!

 For wisdom path Gu Immortals, having too many thoughts was a bad idea, they would take up all the space in the mind and prevent any collisions from happening, it was the worst case scenario.

 Fang Yuan did not do something stupid, this was part of his expectations.

 Seeing that these thoughts were about to fill up his mind, he placed his concentration on the sea of clouds in the sky.

 It was a huge and wide sea of clouds!



***
Chapter 2052 Eat Hear


***





 



 Looming clouds spread out in the boundless sky, surging like tides as ripples splashed, it seemed like the sea but it also resembled countless cloud mountains, changing forms at will, having unlimited possibilities.


 This was a killer move.


 This killer move was Fang Yuan’s trump card, it was in fact his strongest offensive method at this moment!


 Immortal killer move — Unlimited Qi Sea!


 This move was — mystical!


 After Fang Yuan’s modifications, it not only used rank eight Immortal Gu Big Qi as the core, it also had more than ten supplementary qi path Immortal Gu, as well as hundreds of thousands of foundational mortal Gu. There were even qi path immortal materials that could be expended to increase the power of this move.


 This move was — incredible!


 It could use all of the kinds of qi in this world, life qi, death qi, sword qi, blade qi, dusk qi, dawn qi... the more qi path immortal materials stored in it, the more powerful this move would be. When used offensively, it would expend immortal essence and immortal materials. When used defensively, it would absorb external qi currents.


 This move was — powerful and unstoppable!


 Qi Xiang left this move behind, resulting in Qi Xiang grotto-heaven surviving many myriad tribulations after his death. Myriad tribulations... most rank eight Gu Immortals in this world did not even dare to challenge their first myriad tribulation, they desperately delayed the time in their immortal aperture. But Qi Xiang grotto-heaven’s heavenly spirit could use this move to get past myriad tribulations time and time again.


 After annexing this grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan used the light of wisdom to modify unlimited qi sea before the fate war! After that, during this battle, he used this move to break the primordial qi wall and shocked everyone, including Gu Immortals, in the five regions.


 The primordial qi wall was the creation of Primordial Origin, it not only had qi path Immortal Gu but also qi path immortal materials. Qi path had one trait, it was able to use qi path immortal materials in place of Gu worms to execute killer moves.


 Fang Yuan used unlimited qi sea to break the primordial qi wall, he also absorbed the vast amount of qi path immortal materials inside the qi wall.


 After the first time, Fang Yuan broke it again for a second time!


 Not long ago in Heavenly Court, he used unlimited qi sea to absorb the immortal material qi currents in the primordial qi wall, breaking it apart.


 After absorbing two qi walls and with Fang Yuan’s exploration of Qi Sea grotto-heaven, he gained a huge amount of immortal material qi currents, it caused unlimited qi sea’s storage to rise to an unprecedented amount. Thus, the power of this move reached a level that felt terrifying even for Fang Yuan!


 As Fang Yuan willed, he unleashed the killer move unlimited qi sea!


 The sea of qi rumbled, a huge white qi pillar gathered in the sky and shot down at the giant flesh ball monster.


 The qi pillar was extremely thick, reaching a level that had never been seen before, even Qi Xiang would gasp at its majesty now.


 Not only that, the qi pillar was covered in a layer of shining golden light, it gave off a tough feeling, it was extremely domineering!


 Before the white qi pillar hit the flesh ball monster, a terrifying force acted on it from all directions, immobilizing the flesh ball monster in the air.


 Boom—!


 The white qi pillar crashed into the flesh ball monster like a falling monument, before rushing through it violently.


 The huge sound created even deafened Xue Er, who was far away from the battlefield.


 The qi pillar had an intense white light, Xue Er, who was hiding in the ice crystal formation had to shut her eyes to prevent them from being blinded.


 The flesh ball monster could not resist the power of the qi pillar, it was suppressed on the grassland of Mini Northern Plains.


 The grass and soil of the grassland had already been sent flying long ago by raging tornadoes before the qi pillar struck.


 Thus, the flesh ball monster was pressed down on the barren grassland by the unstoppable qi pillar!


 As the earth shook, hundreds of cracks formed below the flesh ball monster, resembling a spider web.


 The white qi pillar was still continuing its assault, it had the power to destroy mountains and split seas! The great flesh ball monster made from the myriad tribulation got pressed on the ground like a defenseless chick, unable to struggle.


 Ten feet, twenty feet, thirty feet...


 As the flesh ball monster sank into the ground, its body became smaller and smaller. It continued to be disintegrated by the white qi pillar bit by bit!


 The black holes all over the giant monster were shut, it tried to curl up, a pitiful cry could be heard from within its body.


 This was the cry of heaven’s will!


 The white qi pillar lasted for twenty breaths of time before fading away.


 Not only did the sea of clouds in the sky shrink by eighty percent, the remaining clouds were sparse and thin. Fang Yuan quickly moved them away.


 But the flesh ball monster was in a worse condition, its mountain-like body had shrunk to the size of Dragon Palace.


 The flesh ball monster did not move, it remained in the pit like a corpse. This pit was over a thousand feet deep!


 Fang Yuan’s main body breathed roughly, his brain was hurting along with each breath. In order to use this move, he exerted his mind to its limit, he used up too many thoughts, beyond the capabilities of his mind.


 The myriad tribulation created from three thousand heaven path dao marks finally paused for the first time.


 It was as if it got beaten into shock by Fang Yuan!


 The opportunity was rare, Fang Yuan quickly hastened his action and used unrestrained heavenly mark to refine the heaven path dao marks.


 In a short while, Fang Yuan refined more than a hundred heaven path dao marks. Together with his earlier gains, he had already refined over a hundred and sixty heaven path dao marks!


 When Fang Yuan refined over two hundred heaven path dao marks, the Heavenly Dao finally reacted. The flesh ball in the hole vanished as it started to hail.


 However, even though Fang Yuan could take advantage of this chance, he could only sustain this situation as he was forced to place his attention back to the outside world.


 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was heavily damaged beyond repair, Giant Spectral Soul’s attacks were increasing in frequency, he had made huge advancements!


 Spectral Soul swore to kill Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin and the rest tried to restrain him but Giant Spectral Soul ignored their attacks and endured them, while maintaining his firepower on Fang Yuan.


 Even though Fang Yuan was doing his best to repair his Immortal Gu House, the situation was going downhill.


 Bam.


 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress could not take it anymore, a hole was created, it connected to the outside!


 Through this hole, Giant Spectral Soul’s four eyes emitted cold killing intent as he looked at Fang Yuan who was sitting inside.


 He saw that Fang Yuan’s expression was pale after unleashing unlimited qi sea.


 Fang Yuan was in bad shape now!


 Spectral Soul had a realization, his incredibly deep battle experience made a decision for him, similar to Fang Yuan, he was going to use his trump card.


 Immortal killer move — Eat Heart!


 "I comprehended this move in my later years from \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e. Fang Yuan, it is over. The current Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress has no way of blocking this attack." Spectral Soul surged with killing intent.


 And like what he said.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan grunted, his face became distorted, he grasped his chest in pain.


 The intense pain in his heart felt like it was bitten by a fierce beast!


 \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e, chapter five, section thirty-three —


 Ren Zu stared at the skeleton head: "Next, I will eat the most important part of the Predicament’s body."


 Strong Gu laughed: "This is a stupid move! Oh human, your choice is extremely foolish."


 The Predicament shook its body as it shrank. At the same time, countless Tribulations flew out of its neck and attacked Ren Zu.


 The Tribulations were like fire, burning Ren Zu’s bones. The Tribulations were like hammers, charging at Ren Zu as his bones cracked. The Tribulations were like wind and rain, sweeping at Ren Zu’s lone body. The Tribulations were like flashing lightning, striking on Ren Zu continuously.


 Fear Gu shouted: "Oh heaven, this is too scary, that human will die for sure at this rate."


 Courage Gu encouraged: "Oh human, don’t be afraid."


 Self Gu and attitude Gu shouted together: "I am very strong, I am very strong, all Tribulations are mere drizzles, they are insignificant breezes!"


 Weak Gu, betrayal Gu, and fear Gu flew together, wanting to escape with Ren Zu: "Oh human, quickly run. Don’t believe in self Gu’s words, it has already been deceived."


 Ren Zu was trapped in the Tribulations, he could not escape.


 When Tribulations loom over you, it is not a simple matter of running away.


 "This is too scary, let’s go, forget about the human." Weak gu, betrayal Gu, and fear Gu flew away together.


 "You traitors!" Self Gu was furious, it grabbed onto these three Gu and bit them all.


 The three Gu were injured but they were not stopped by self Gu, they quickly escaped from Ren Zu.


 Self Gu wanted to chase them but rules and regulation Gu urged: "Don’t chase them. Escaping when Tribulations strike due to fear and weakness, betraying one’s self and courage in the process, it will only lead to death. Isn’t it good that they are gone? Weak Gu and betrayal Gu are unable to help us, as for fear Gu... if the Tribulations did not appear, fear would have been pointless. But since the Tribulations are here now, fear will only lead to greater pain in the human."


 "You are absolutely right." Self Gu stopped.


 Hope Gu flickered with light as it supported Ren Zu: "Oh human, as long as you still have hope in your heart during the Tribulations, there will still be hope in this situation."


 Strong Gu could not stop laughing: "Oh human, you are truly pitiful, you easily believe in the words of hope. Don’t you know? Having only hope during the Tribulations will only cause them to continue longer, hope is the thing that lengthens the person’s pain. When you stop bearing any hope, you will feel relaxed in the Tribulations."


 Ren Zu did not speak, he endured the attacks of the Tribulations with great difficulty.


 No matter how bent his body became, he did not fall.


 Strong Gu soon found the reason — on Ren Zu’s feet, there was a pair of independent wings. Even though the wings were small, they flapped stubbornly, helping Ren Zu to stand up despite everything.


 Strong Gu continued to demoralize Ren Zu: "Oh human, I am starting to admire you. It is a pity that you are going to fall soon, look at your bones, they are covered in cracks now due to the Tribulations."


 Ren Zu was silent.


 Originally, Ren Zu’s bones were shiny and intact, there were no cracks at all. Now, his skeleton was covered in cracks, it seemed like it would shatter at any moment.


 All the other Gu worms were silent, only hope Gu gave out light: "Oh human, don’t give up! Tribulations are not scary, the scariest thing is a person who has lost hope."


 The light of hope Gu penetrated the cracks of Ren Zu’s bones, into his bone marrow.


 In the life of everyone in this world, cracks would always form at some point, but those were the times where the light of hope would shine in!


 Ren Zu’s bones absorbed the light of hope, they started to engulf the surrounding Tribulations.


 Each crack was like a huge mouth, the larger the crack, the larger the mouth, and the more Tribulations it could devour.


 "How could this happen?" Strong Gu was extremely shocked.


 The more Tribulations that Ren Zu’s skeleton devoured, the stronger and firmer his bones became.


 Tribulations could destroy people, but they could also toughen oneself!



***
Chapter 2053 Finding a Way Out of a Desperate Situation


***





 



 As the Tribulations continued, Ren Zu’s bones started to shine in a golden light.


 The Tribulations became wilder as Ren Zu’s bones burned in flames, becoming dazzlingly golden.


 Ren Zu started to straighten his back, he raised his head and puffed his chest, after enduring countless tortures, his skeleton shined like a golden pillar, he stood directly inside the Tribulations. This was the myriad tribulation golden skeleton.


 And on Ren Zu’s skeleton head, a crown grew out naturally, it was the heaven connecting bone crown.


 All of the tribulations and disasters that people suffer would become their crowns of achievement in the future.


 Even though the Tribulations had not ended, Ren Zu could already speak at this time: "I know, Fate has arrangements, Tribulations are the arrangements it makes for people. But I can persevere, any Tribulations that seem unendurable are all in fact endurable to me."


 Strong Gu was shocked and bewildered.


 Self Gu realized at this time: "I understand. Oh human, you are someone who walked out of Ordinary Abyss, that is why you can endure these Tribulations that are impossible to endure."


 Strong Gu saw that the Tribulations could not take down Ren Zu, it forced itself to stay calm: "Oh human, don’t forget, as long as you have hope Gu, these Tribulations will not stop. Are you going to delay our bet from earlier? I don’t care! I will treat it as if you passed the Tribulations. Now, it is our turn to eat you."


 "Which part of me do you want to eat?" Ren Zu sighed.


 Strong Gu laughed loudly, pointing at Ren Zu’s chest: "Next, I will eat your hearts!"


 Ren Zu shook slightly, strong Gu’s choice was too fatal, how could a human live without his heart?


 "Quickly take out all of your hearts, let us eat them!" Strong Gu shouted in excitement.


 Ren Zu sighed as he hesitated, before taking out the heart of sympathy.


 Strong Gu directly placed the heart of sympathy into the Predicament’s neck as the heart fell into its stomach. The Predicament’s stomach expanded slightly.


 When faced with predicaments, people often lose their hearts of sympathy first.


 Ren Zu took out his heart of nobleness next, the Predicament ate it as its stomach expanded some more, it seemed to have problems digesting it.


 Ren Zu took out his original heart next: "Oh hope Gu, leave now. I do not want to implicate you."


 Hope Gu resided in Ren Zu’s original heart, it did not fly out, instead it said: "I am not leaving, this is my home. Oh human, just toss me in along with it, I do not blame you."


 Ren Zu had no choice, as strong Gu rushed him, he gave his original heart to the Predicament as food.


 After the Predicament ate it, its belly expanded again.


 Predicaments often caused people to lose hope as well.


 Without hope Gu, all of the Tribulations around Ren Zu vanished. This caused the pressure on Ren Zu to fall, but he felt deep melancholy as well.


 "Quick, oh human, take out your final heart and let us eat it!" Strong Gu pointed at the heart of loneliness in Ren Zu’s chest.


 Ren Zu hesitated as he felt troubled, the heart of loneliness did not only contain his self Gu, it was also his final heart. Without this heart, Ren Zu might die.


 Strong Gu laughed and threatened: "Quick! If you do not take it out yourself, we will make our move and eat you entirely!"


 Self Gu had already been deceived, it called out in nonchalance: "Oh human, just give it to them. I do not care, you will not die either! We are the strongest."


 "Give it to me!" Strong Gu grabbed the heart of loneliness in Ren Zu’s hand and stuffed it into the Predicament’s stomach through its exposed neck.


 At this point, Ren Zu lost all his hearts.


 He fell onto the ground, losing all signs of life, he could not stand up anymore.


 Ren Zu died.


 "Oh human, you died, we have regained freedom." Rules and regulation Gu flew away.


 "There is no helping it, the human met with the greatest predicament in his life." Courage Gu and edge Gu flew away as well.


 On Ren Zu’s corpse, only self Gu remained, it flew around him. Attitude Gu wanted to leave too, but self Gu grabbed onto it, forcing it to stay.


 Strong Gu laughed happily: "Hahaha, oh human, you were nothing impressive after all. Hmm? Predicament, what’s wrong?"


 The Predicament that strong Gu was attached to grabbed onto its bulging stomach as it rolled on the ground in pain.


 Loneliness was extremely hard to digest, the stronger the Predicament, the lonelier one would feel.


 Boom!


 Suddenly, the Predicament’s belly burst open.


 Ren Zu’s heart of loneliness, his skin and flesh fused to create a boy.


 Strong Gu was flabbergasted: "Who are you?"


 The boy said: "I am Ren Zu’s son — Great Strength True Martial!"


 Before finishing his words, he jumped up and grabbed strong Gu.


 Strong Gu tried to struggle while self Gu used the opportunity to approach and take a bite of it.


 Strong Gu was injured, it got weakened.


 "Where are you trying to go!" Great Strength True Martial shouted, he grabbed strong Gu and stuffed it into his chest.


 Strong Gu went into his chest and got imprisoned in his heart, unable to escape.


 "Don’t waste your effort, this is my heart of ambition, you cannot escape." Great Strength True Martial laughed.


 Next, he found Ren Zu’s other hearts from the corpse of the Predicament and placed them back into his chest.


 Ren Zu was revived once again!


 ...


 Undeniably, a person’s heart was the source of their vitality, one of the most fatal weaknesses of a human’s body.


 The food path killer move eat heart that Spectral Soul created was a greater creation than bitter taste and swallow loss. Even if these two moves hit his enemies, they could only tilt the balance of victory and defeat. Meanwhile, eat heart was a fatal attack, once hit without ample preparation, it could decide the outcome almost instantly!


 This was a method that could claim victory!!


 Fang Yuan was hit.


 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress had outstanding defense without doubt. But among all the Gu Immortal paths, food path was extremely well hidden, there were few defensive measures against it. Thus, during the fate war, Western Desert’s Gu Immortals were all without options against Heavenly Court’s combination killer move, sitting and eating the mountain empty, they were all hit by it.


 Fang Yuan also had a food path inheritance, he also knew that Spectral Soul had a deep attainment in food path.


 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was assembled by Fang Yuan, it could defend against food path originally.


 But now, Spectral Soul broke a hole in this Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress!


 Even the complete Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress would have difficulties blocking the killer move eat heart entirely, Fang Yuan would still be affected regardless.


 At this moment, the intense feeling of death assaulted Fang Yuan.


 He could not struggle, he had no way to struggle!


 The Heavenly Dao in the sovereign immortal aperture seemed to have noticed this, it stopped conjuring new myriad tribulations as the dao marks scattered all over the aperture, trying to restrain Fang Yuan’s entire body.


 Fang Yuan could not use any defensive methods, he could only wait for death.


 Lu Wei Yin saw that the situation was bad, he quickly activated the earth path battlefield, yellow sand gathered into dragons that coiled around Giant Spectral Soul, squeezing and attempting to immobilize Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul smiled coldly, hundreds of arms blocked them as he defended easily. His four eyes were still staring at Fang Yuan, most of his attention was spent on sustaining eat heart.


 "Oh no!" Lu Wei Yin’s heart sank.


 Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai also felt chills flowing down their spines, they tried to desperately attack, but Spectral Soul did not even turn around for a moment.


 Spectral Soul would rather suffer heavy injuries to make use of this opportunity.


 He wanted Fang Yuan dead no matter what!


 "Is... is everything going to end like this?" Fang Yuan’s mind was still quite empty, he did not have many thoughts left. This was the aftermath of using unlimited qi sea.


 Spectral Soul was just too strong.


 Worthy of the former Demon Venerable! The man who was invincible in this world during his era!


 During that time, he killed until the world became shrouded in darkness, nobody dared to make a sound, all of the living beings in the world could only tremble under his shadow.


 Only until the appearance of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, he spent his entire life to mend the wounds and scars of the hearts of the people.


 Before Spectral Soul went all out, his battle strength was not much higher compared to the rest, yet he still had a firm control over the situation. After he used his full power, his battle strength rose greatly, he immediately surpassed everyone. The most despairing thing was that each of his decisions carried immediate effect, he did not give his enemy any opportunities to recover, there was no way for them to survive.


 "No, even if there is only a trace of hope, I need to do my best!" Fang Yuan could not use any methods, even if he could use a killer move, he could not block the killer move eat heart.


 Unless it was reverse flow protection seal!


 The pain on Fang Yuan’s face vanished, his lips curled up as he revealed a mysterious smile, it was extremely unusual.


 At the next moment, he shouted loudly: "If you do not take action now, when will you ever get another chance? Qi Jue!"


 A pair of Spectral Soul’s pupils expanded, while another pair of eyes squinted: "Is... Fang Yuan trying to deceive me? No wait!"


 One of his heads turned around, he saw Demon Immortal Qi Jue attacking!


 Boom!


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue activated his killer move, the Xi Land on top of his head flew down like a comet, crashing into Spectral Soul’s back.


 Spectral Soul was greatly impacted, he also fell to the ground.


 Puff puff puff!


 Countless holes appeared on his body, it was like a deflating balloon, dark soul qi spewed out of the holes towards the outside.


 Not only that, a hundred arms of Spectral Soul immediately fell onto the ground like decaying tree branches.



***
Chapter 2054 Spectral Soul, You Are Too Poor!


***





 



 "Ahhhh—! Qi Jue!" Spectral Soul screamed, staring at Demon Immortal Qi Jue with deep anger.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue retrieved Xi Land as he retreated, guarding against Spectral Soul’s retaliation.


 "You idiot!" Spectral Soul stepped on the ground as a loud sound echoed, he finally stabilized his footing.


 Even someone like him who had lived for so long became furious this instant, he was about to kill Fang Yuan but his ally actually attacked him.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue floated in the air, staring at Spectral Soul with deep vigilance.


 He first frowned as he recalled Fang Yuan’s expression, it was evident that Fang Yuan did that on purpose so Spectral Soul would expose a weakness.


 "Was Fang Yuan really at his wits’ end at that time? No, this is more likely Spectral Soul’s deception to distract me. The truth is, even if I was deceived, at this point, I can only continue to attack Spectral Soul!" Demon Immortal Qi Jue made up his mind very soon.


 With eat heart broken, Spectral Soul suffered a backlash. During this time, Fang Yuan quickly repaired Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, at the very least, he fixed that hole on it.


 While recovering, Fang Yuan did not forget to attack using words: "Spectral Soul, don’t be too angry now, the truth is, before you contacted Qi Jue, I had already reached an agreement with him."


 "You made an agreement? Impossible, I checked secretly, you do not have any alliance agreements on you!" Spectral Soul retorted.


 "I have just been revived, I will not trust any information path methods. Oh Spectral Soul, you tempted me with benefits, but Fang Yuan did that even earlier. And... he is much more generous than you!" Before Demon Immortal Qi Jue finished his words, he attacked again.


 A qi path killer move erupted, the attack swept towards Giant Spectral Soul like a storm.


 Lu Wei Yin and the rest saw this, they felt overjoyed.


 Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor were unaware of this cooperation, seeing Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s betrayal, they became very excited. The situation was tight earlier, but with Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s action, the situation was immediately flipped around to their advantage!


 Lu Wei Yin pondered and quickly realized: "After the fate war, I used Lord Paradise Earth’s methods to confirm that Spectral Soul had not only regained freedom but was also getting stronger. Soon after, the secret of the sovereign immortal aperture got exposed in treasure yellow heaven. When I contacted Fang Yuan secretly to inform him, I wanted to cooperate with him to deal with Spectral Soul and Shadow Sect. But initially, Fang Yuan did not fully believe me."


 "But soon after, Fang Yuan contacted me and agreed to this alliance. Now it seems that he had already contacted Demon Immortal Qi Jue and used him to confirm my information."


 Lu Wei Yin was Paradise Earth’s inheritor, the venerable had spent his entire life restoring peace to the world, he was at odds with Spectral Soul.


 The reason why Lu Wei Yin participated in the fate war was to get rid of Spectral Soul’s remnant soul for good.


 But even after it ended, Lu Wei Yin did not find Spectral Soul’s remnant soul.


 Lu Wei Yin naturally did not give up, he paid a huge price and used Paradise Earth’s method to deduce Spectral Soul’s current condition, but he could not find his location.


 Thus, Lu Wei Yin thought of Fang Yuan.


 If Spectral Soul wanted to regain full strength, he would need to kill Fang Yuan. After killing Fang Yuan, Spectral Soul would regain sovereign immortal fetus Gu as well as his personal dream realms and attainment levels.


 Lu Wei Yin used Paradise Earth’s method and contacted Fang Yuan after great difficulty, but the latter was very wary in regards to him.


 Fang Yuan had been reborn, he knew that Lu Wei Yin was not what he seemed like on the surface in supporting Heavenly Court, he had his own personal objectives.


 Also, because Fang Yuan did not see Spectral Soul during the fate war when he invaded Heavenly Court, he trusted some parts of Lu Wei Yin’s information.


 Soon after, the secret of the sovereign immortal body was exposed in treasure yellow heaven, it made Fang Yuan believe his words even more.


 After Demon Immortal Qi Jue revived, Fang Yuan tried to contact him in secret but did not succeed once.


 But coincidentally, Demon Immortal Qi Jue went to approach Qi Sea Ancestor for trouble. Using Qin Ding Ling’s reinforcement, Fang Yuan managed to force Demon Immortal Qi Jue to retreat, but the truth was, he secretly made a deal with Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 In order to gain Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s trust, Fang Yuan told him that Qi Sea Ancestor was his disguise.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue gained this hold on Fang Yuan and immediately understood that Fang Yuan was sincere in this cooperation.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue lacked knowledge of the Gu Immortal world at that time, Fang Yuan attended to his needs, he used his various true inheritances as the transaction goods.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was greatly moved but he was still very wary, he did not want to set an alliance agreement with Fang Yuan, he was afraid that Fang Yuan would use unknown information path methods to harm him.


 Fang Yuan did not force him, they eventually came to a relaxed agreement that could not have any restraining power to either of them.


 Fang Yuan provided true inheritances of various paths to Demon Immortal Qi Jue, while the latter gave Fang Yuan the secret of his qi path resurrection. Furthermore, he even followed Fang Yuan’s arrangement and sold a huge amount of qi path immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven to purchase inheritances of all paths.


 Fang Yuan learned of the secret regarding Qi Jue’s revival, he immediately gained a huge breakthrough in resolving the qi harvest fruit. Thus, Qi Sea Ancestor was able to get rid of it. After that, Fang Yuan’s clone used Heavenly Court’s qi harvest fruit to create the Qi Sea clone successfully!


 The truth was, with just Fang Yuan’s qi path attainment, he could not resolve the problem of the qi harvest fruit so quickly.


 But Demon Immortal Qi Jue was contacted by Spectral Soul in treasure yellow heaven some time after that.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was greatly shocked, after hearing Spectral Soul’s words, he understood Fang Yuan’s intention.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Fang Yuan had a lax agreement, they could betray each other easily. Demon Immortal Qi Jue would not consider Fang Yuan’s benefits, he immediately negotiated with Spectral Soul in secret.


 But soon, he realized that Spectral Soul’s offer was far inferior to Fang Yuan’s.


 "How can a great Demon Venerable be so stingy?!" Demon Immortal Qi Jue first held disdain before he pondered: "Oh, I get it! Spectral Soul is the pioneer of soul path, he also has a food path true inheritance, but he wants to keep them and refuses to transact these two. Even though Shadow Sect had existed for so long, they only found very few venerable true inheritances. But Fang Yuan is the crucial pawn of heaven’s will and the ten venerables, many of these venerables invested in him, thus he possesses Red Lotus’ true inheritance, Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, Giant Sun’s true inheritance, Spectral Soul’s true inheritance, Reckless Savage’s true inheritance, Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, Genesis Lotus’ true inheritance, Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, and Limitless’ true inheritance. Other than these, he also has Lang Ya’s true inheritance, the dragonman race’s true inheritance, food path true inheritance, Bo Qing’s sword path true inheritance, and many more. Damn... how can this one guy have so much wealth?"


 After Demon Immortal Qi Jue understood the reason, a complex feeling emerged in his heart uncontrollably.


 Fang Yuan could be said to be the wealthiest person in terms of true inheritances throughout history!


 Even though Spectral Soul’s Shadow Sect had searched for such a long period of time, obtaining venerable true inheritances took a lot of time and effort, and they were usually incomplete. Every venerable would make each inheritance with a specific purpose. Even if Spectral Soul destroyed them, he would not gain much. His greatest gain was still that Red Lotus true inheritance, and that was left to him intentionally by Red Lotus Demon Venerable to allow them to cooperate.


 Regarding Fang Yuan’s gains, Demon Immortal Qi Jue felt jealousy, envy, and hatred.


 Fang Yuan was too rich, even though Spectral Soul was a Demon Venerable, compared to Fang Yuan in this regard, he was simply too poor!


 After comprehending this, Demon Immortal Qi Jue gained a deeper understanding of Fang Yuan: "No wonder this guy was chosen to be the crucial person to destroy Fate! He is making use of me to defend against Spectral Soul while also harming him, he also knows my wants so even without an agreement, I would not betray him easily."


 Fang Yuan had abundant wealth, he also knew that Qi Jue would go against Spectral Soul, he naturally acted very generously.


 Spectral Soul was kept in the dark, he had to deal with the crafty Demon Immortal Qi Jue that showed signs of this betrayal, it was a stark contrast from Fang Yuan.


 Of course, Demon Immortal Qi Jue would not side with Fang Yuan simply because of this.


 He took advantage of both sides, on one hand, he told Fang Yuan about the price that Spectral Soul was paying, on the other hand, he requested for more things from Spectral Soul, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had been trying to gain the maximum benefits for himself all along. Up until he attacked Spectral Soul earlier, he had been interacting with both parties.


 The sovereign immortal aperture’s situation was not optimistic.


 The myriad tribulation transformed again, it became a boundless grey wind. Wherever the wind blew, ash and sparks would appear, in the end, it would burn and destroy everything, the grey wind would sweep through, leaving a huge empty land behind.


 It was the myriad tribulation — Spark Blowing Grey Wind!


 The heaven path dao marks turned into wind path and fire path dao marks, creating this myriad tribulation that Fang Yuan had trouble dealing with immediately.


 Not only did the grey wind appear in the mini five regions, it also affected the mini nine heavens.


 A lot of resource points were destroyed, the sovereign immortal aperture had always been developed by Fang Yuan, it reached twenty percent development, but now, half of that was gone.


 During this time, Fang Yuan could only try to save the people instead.


 There were many humans and variant humans living in the sovereign immortal aperture, they were gathered in cities, mountains or valleys. This was huge wealth, Fang Yuan could give up the rest but he had to preserve the lives of these people.


 "Cough cough."


 Inside Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, Fang Yuan continued to cough out blood.


 He was heavily injured.


 This was the result of Spectral Soul’s eat heart killer move.


 The scene earlier was too dangerous, if it lasted for a few more breaths of time, Fang Yuan would have died. Even now, if Spectral Soul uses eat heart on Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress again, Fang Yuan would not escape death.


 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress could not fully resist the power of eat heart!


 However, Spectral Soul no longer had a chance.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s betrayal changed the entire situation.


 Earlier, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had Xi Land that countered Qi Sea Ancestor, he could shoulder some pressure for Spectral Soul. Now, Demon Immortal Qi Jue became the most troublesome person for Spectral Soul to deal with.


 Immortal killer move — Great Qi Hand Explosion!


 Qi Sea Ancestor activated his killer move, Spectral Soul sensed it, immediately moving a hundred arms as black smoke appeared around him.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s face flushed red, he felt like he was squeezing an expanding piece of metal, his killer move was about to break!


 Immortal killer move — Upper-Lower Breathless Qi!


 At the crucial moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue attacked with his killer move, directly hitting Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul soon felt his breath going out of sync, his immortal essence flow became choppy, his defensive method that resisted great qi hand explosion became much weaker.


 Using this chance, Qi Sea Ancestor exerted more strength into his move.


 Boom!


 Great qi hand explosion was successfully used, and at this moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue used a supplementary method to double the strength of this great qi hand explosion.


 Giant Spectral Soul was sent flying from the impact as tens of black arms exploded, he was covered in dust and smoke.



***
Chapter 2055 Countering Spectral Soul


***





 



 Swoosh!


 Some parts of Giant Spectral Soul’s body broke out with countless holes of various sizes, from these holes, black soul qi spewed out rapidly.


 As the soul qi leaked out, Giant Spectral Soul’s huge body started to shrink at an observable speed.


 Seeing this, Lu Wei Yin’s eyes shined with bright light: "No wonder Spectral Soul used a physical body to fight earlier and did not turn into the giant immediately. This move gives him a temporary power boost but it cannot be sustained for long, it also has a severe problem in it!"


 Giant Spectral Soul quickly healed his wounds and mended the holes, preventing soul qi from leaking further.


 As he healed, he attacked in place of defense, hundreds of arms danced around and slammed at Lu Wei Yin and the rest, causing them to scatter and dodge.


 Spectral Soul was actually even fiercer than before!


 But Lu Wei Yin and the rest were calm, their morale rose as they saw the hope of victory!


 "Create an opportunity for me." Demon Immortal Qi Jue suddenly transmitted to Lu Wei Yin and the rest.


 Lu Wei Yin did not hesitate, he immediately activated the battlefield, a sandstorm concealed Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s traces.


 Within the sandstorm, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had a solemn expression, almost all of his concentration was placed in his immortal aperture. A brand new killer move was carefully prepared by him, it was taking shape.


 Spectral Soul sensed something amiss, he immediately charged into the sandstorm, attempting to disrupt Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s mysterious killer move.


 Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai desperately tried to stop him but they could not stall Spectral Soul at all.


 Qing Chou rammed towards Spectral Soul but was easily dodged.


 Seeing that Spectral Soul was about to reach Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Lu Wei Yin stepped in.


 He had outstanding defensive methods, even though he lacked offense, he was the one who could stall Spectral Soul for the longest time now!


 Giant Spectral Soul fought with Lu Wei Yin, causing the latter to bleed from his nose and mouth, but he was unable to advance any further due to this obstruction.


 Getting some crucial time, Demon Immortal Qi Jue took a risk and completed his killer move preparation.


 Immortal killer move — Xi Xi!


 The Xi Land above his head shined with profound light, directed at Spectral Soul. Seeing this, Spectral Soul roared with a trace of panic in his voice.


 The profound light pillar emitted an intense suction force, forcefully draining the black soul qi from Giant Spectral Soul’s body!


 Giant Spectral Soul’s body shrunk rapidly, all of his soul path methods fell drastically in strength.


 Spectral Soul had a grim expression, he unleashed food path killer moves, bitter taste and swallow loss.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue got hit by them, his body shook, he almost failed to sustain the killer move, Spectral Soul nearly escaped.


 But at the crucial moment, Lu Wei Yin strained his mind and pointed at Demon Immortal Qi Jue, shooting out two yellow lights.


 One yellow light landed on Demon Immortal Qi Jue and spread around the battlefield.


 Immortal killer move — All Life Is Bitter!


 Instantly, all of the immortals here felt bitterness, even the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield was sharing the burden of experiencing the killer move bitter taste.


 The second yellow light entered Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s body.


 Immortal killer move — Suffering Loss Is A Blessing!


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue benefited from this, his body’s injuries started to recover, he laughed loudly in satisfaction.


 Spectral Soul’s expression was dark.


 After Lu Wei Yin used both killer moves, his aura diminished to an extreme low, he immediately escaped using the sandstorm.


 From within the sandstorm, his voice was firm: "Spectral Soul, you committed too many sins and caused great harm to the world. Back then, countless Gu Immortals fell victim to your two food path killer moves! Thus, Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created these two moves specially to deal with you!"


 They were his direct counter!


 Spectral Soul was stuck in a passive spot instantly, his two killer moves were broken.


 Once a killer move was broken, the user would fall into a passive state, even Spectral Soul was no exception. Simply because he was dealing with another venerable, someone who had opposed him over his entire life!


 Bitter taste and swallow loss were countered, Spectral Soul wanted to use eat heart now.


 This move was created in his later years, it had almost never been used, there was almost no possibility that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had a counter to it.


 But Spectral Soul could not use it.


 When he used eat heart earlier, many soul path Immortal Gu were destroyed, he also expended a huge amount of food path mortal Gu, he had paid a huge price to forcefully activate it.


 Simply put, he could not use eat heart for the following short period of time.


 Precisely so, Spectral Soul had been holding back eat heart, not willing to use it without a good reason.


 After Spectral Soul escaped, he first ransacked Heavenly Court’s storage before devouring Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, taking its entire foundation. Spectral Soul recovered his strength, he rose up again with great efficiency! However, it was undeniably that his gains in food path Immortal Gu were minuscule, he could not truly exert the full strength of his food path.


 Food path was very rarely passed down, this was both Spectral Soul’s advantage and disadvantage. Because there were too few food path Gu Immortals, there were also very few food path Immortal Gu around.


 All in all, Spectral Soul had too little time to recover!


 Ever since this battle to chase Fang Yuan started, Spectral Soul had been using countless soul path killer moves that were tough to deal with.


 But in terms of food path, Spectral Soul only had three killer moves. Among which, eat heart was only used with great difficulty, it was a one-time use trump card.


 Spectral Soul had countless soul path killer moves with terrifying and peculiar effects, they were hard to counter. But in terms of food path, there was nothing special, he only had three moves, for Lu Wei Yin and the others who had fought him for so long, it was hard to not accustom themselves to these moves.


 It was like Fang Yuan’s Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, when he used it earlier, it was shocking. But after a while of fighting, with its foundation exposed, Spectral Soul and Qi Jue quickly familiarized themselves with its weaknesses.


 Trump cards were things that were best left unused as much as possible.


 Spectral Soul’s two food path killer moves were countered by Lu Wei Yin, he immediately suffered a backlash, his injuries were severe!


 Killer moves could not be used carelessly, once they were broken, the outcome would be terrible.


 But this was not Spectral Soul’s mistake, in the earlier situation, soul path killer moves could not turn the situation around, food path was the wisest choice!


 But Lu Wei Yin was someone with deep schemes, he was just Paradise Earth’s inheritor, he was not the Immortal Venerable after all. Thus he kept these two moves concealed as trump cards, even though Spectral Soul used the two food path killer moves earlier, he did not show any hints. At the most crucial moment, he unleashed his counter and achieved the best result!


 "Ming You, I will kill you, I will kill you!" After Spectral Soul suffered heavy injuries, Qing Chou attacked while roaring loudly!


 It was like a mad beast, its expression was distorted and its eyes were red, bursting open and bleeding with green-black blood. Its body was covered in hundreds of holes, blood spewed out continuously, its injuries were scary to look at.


 "Truly an amazing creation." For a moment, Giant Spectral Soul squinted his eyes.


 Spectral Soul’s attainment in soul path was definitely unsurpassed in the world. He created soul path, causing soul beasts to exist in the world. Thus, his understanding of soul beasts was extremely thorough, nobody could know more than him! And yet, Qing Chou was different, a qualitative change had occurred within its body.


 Facing Qing Chou’s attack, Giant Spectral Soul became overjoyed instead!


 Since the fight started, Spectral Soul had gained great benefits from Qing Chou. For others, Qing Chou would be a huge problem, it was quite fatal. But for Spectral Soul, it was like a gentle rain, it came at a good time to allow Spectral Soul to absorb its strength and recover rapidly!


 Qing Chou charged with extreme speed, it did not care about its own life.


 The sole enemy in its life was right before it!


 But as memories surfaced, its vision blurred again.


 "Escape, quickly escape!"


 "Can anyone save me, oh, ancestors of Qing clan, why are you not taking action?"


 "Father! Mother! Where are you?"


 ...


 Cries resounded, screaming filled the entire Qing oasis.


 Rough winds howled in the desert, while the oasis carried a warm breeze.


 This was Western Desert Qing clan’s blessed land headquarters, it was situated in a beautiful oasis of Western Desert.


 The sandstones were like mountains, the still lake were like the sea, and the trees were lush and vibrant. However, this utopia that was Qing clan’s beautiful home turned into living hell.


 A terrifying slaughter was ongoing, blood flowed into rivers, countless Gu Masters retaliated desperately but were unable to cause any problems for the perpetrator.


 The young Spectral Soul, Ming You from Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, wore a black robe, he stood proudly in the sky, each time he attacked, he took away thousands of lives.


 He looked down on the ground, countless people were running in the face of death, they were like pitiful ants.


 "Qing clan, you are a great Western Desert super force, how long are you going to hide?" Ming You snickered and taunted: "It is too disappointing, are you going to watch your clan get slaughtered like this? Hehehe, the so-called Qing clan is nothing amazing after all!"


 Qing clan did not have many Gu Immortals left.


 Right now, they were in the deepest part of their blessed land headquarters, hearing Ming You’s voice, they felt extremely furious.


 "This demonic path scoundrel is too arrogant and hateful!"


 "To think that our second supreme elder would die at his hands, this is truly too unbelievable."


 "Our great Qing clan actually ended up in this situation, nobody dares to go out and fight just this mere Ming You alone!"


 "No, this is not all Ming You’s credit. Don’t you all find it weird that news of Divine Bean Palace was leaked out?"


 Qing clan’s Gu Immortals discussed, some were sad and dejected, some felt they were helpless to do anything.


 "Cough cough, you are right." Qing clan’s first supreme elder woke up from his coma.


 "First elder!" Qing clan’s Gu Immortals were overjoyed, they cheered: "You are finally awake."


 Qing clan’s first supreme elder still had a purplish complexion, his aura was extremely weak. He barely sat up on his bed as he said: "Ming You has likely cooperated with the other forces to deal with us. He is an open blade while the other forces are restraining us secretly, they are too vicious. Not long ago, to settle some territorial dispute and get a giant resource point, I was sneak attacked and suffered heavy injuries, I have no battle strength now. Recently, our clan’s giant resource points have all been attacked by demonic path Gu Immortals. After sending our Immortal Gu Houses to deal with them, our headquarters have fallen into a state of absolute weakness... cough, cough."


 "First supreme elder, you need to rest, don’t exert yourself!"


 "Yes, we will handle this!"


 "As long as Qing clan survives this crisis, we will definitely take revenge on those vicious scoundrels."


 Qing clan’s Gu Immortals quickly assured.


 But Qing clan’s first supreme elder shook his head: "Don’t go and waste your lives, Ming You has incredible battle strength, he possesses an immense innate luck, he is not a simple character. We were too careless earlier, by the time we realized this and want to deal with him seriously, the other forces already started to restrain us. We need to be very vigilant in dealing with him now!"


 Qing clan’s Gu Immortals were discussing earlier, but hearing the first supreme elder’s words, it seemed like he had other plans.



***
Chapter 2056 Qing Chou!!


***





 



 "First supreme elder, what idea do you have?"


 Qing clan’s first supreme elder forced a smile: "The cause of everything, the origin of Qing clan’s predicament, is just one thing, Divine Bean Palace! Other than us, nobody wants to see Qing clan refine Divine Bean Palace successfully, even if we exert all our strength and give up our territories, even if we defeat Ming You, how can we deal with all the super forces?"


 "Cough, cough." Qing clan’s first supreme elder paused before continuing: "So our best counterattack is to refine Divine Bean Palace."


 An anxious Gu Immortal immediately asked: "How can we refine Divine Bean Palace rapidly?"


 Qing clan’s first supreme elder sighed: "There is one method we can try!"


 Qing clan’s immortals were very excited, they looked at Qing clan’s first supreme elder fixedly.


 Qing clan’s first supreme elder slowly explained: "Earlier, we used hatred Gu to get past Divine Bean Palace’s defense, we made huge progress, we just need some time to refine it now. However, we lack the time we need, we can only take a risk and use that killer move now."


 "What killer move?"


 "Don’t tell me..."


 Some Qing clan Gu Immortals had perplexed expressions while some had changing expressions, they recalled some vague rumors they had heard.


 Qing clan’s first supreme elder nodded, excitement showed on his tired face: "This killer move was created by second supreme elder and I, he was the main user with my assistance. The killer move has extraordinary might, I will activate it while all of you participate and help. As long as we can unleash it, the current Divine Bean Palace cannot block it, any rank eight Gu Immortal will need to avoid it as well. No matter how strong Ming You is, he is still rank seven."


 "We will do that!"


 "First supreme elder, what do we name it?"


 First supreme elder shook his head as he smiled bitterly: "Second supreme elder died before we could name it."


 This old man was silent for a while before replying solemnly: "Let’s call it, Qing Chou[1], this is the revenge of Qing clan! Divine Bean Palace was the cause of our predicament and suffering, Qing clan needs to take revenge. We will use Qing Chou to refine Divine Bean Palace completely! These super forces with ill intentions will also face the revenge of our Qing clan one by one! That arrogant and vicious Ming You who caused us great harm will also face our revenge! Using Qing Chou, we will..."


 "We will take revenge! We will repay this debt a thousandfold to those who hurt us. In this aspect, we will not be stingy, we will repay them fully!"


 These words raised the spirits of the immortals.


 "Qing Chou... truly a good name."


 "First supreme elder is right, we must take revenge!"


 "Let Qing Chou be the sign of our Qing clan’s rise to greatness."


 Qing... Chou...


 Qing Chou...


 Qing Chou?


 Qing Chou!


 Qing Chou’s vision cleared up at once, it recalled everything, its memories were fully restored.


 Facing Ming You’s assault, Qing clan first decided to use the killer move Qing Chou to refine Divine Bean Palace. Next, they would go and fight to claim victory.


 However, the Qing Chou killer move that they entrusted their hopes to did not fully refine Divine Bean Palace. Instead, it triggered a mysterious resonance with Divine Bean Palace, the entire sky shined with jade green light.


 The mysterious light devoured Qing clan’s immortals, it digested the entire Qing clan headquarters, including Qing oasis, it covered the surrounding ten thousand li!


 Ming You was forced to retreat, after the mysterious light faded, the super forces came to check what happened, they saw that the great Qing clan territory was reduced to a huge and vast ruin.


 The indignant Western Desert Gu Immortals searched the entire place thoroughly but they could not find anything.


 As time passed, people went from disappointment to despair, they left this lifeless dessert eventually.


 Only in some corner, a rank eight wood path Immortal Gu House with a dim hall and hatred Gu as the core within the hall was activating a killer move.


 This killer move was called Qing Chou.


 The killer move Qing Chou did not fail, it was only influenced by something and mutated in essence.


 It turned into... a life form!


 Countless vengeful souls who died terrible deaths fused together, a soul beast with hatred Gu as the core was born.


 Initially, it was very small like a baby.


 It opened its eyes, its gaze was crystal clear.


 Next, it grew up continuously, without any idea of what was happening.


 Its body started to grow as its physique became clear. It had claws, a tortoise shell, and a head with long hair.


 Its size was initially the same as a rabbit, next it grew to a wolf’s size, before a bull and then an elephant, eventually, it became as large as a mountain.


 Countless vengeful souls cried out, from the moment it was born, they had been screeching in its ears, reverberating in its heart.


 Every time it grew, these resounding voices would become louder and more muffled.


 They were screaming, they were howling.


 Qing Chou could not hear them clearly, it felt greatly troubled.


 These voices were too annoying and muffled, they went on without stopping, it became confused, it became frustrated, it became angry.


 Its thoughts became more chaotic, it became more ruthless and aggressive.


 It growled, it slashed the ground of the hall with its claws, it crashed into the pillars using its shell, it bled from injuries as its hair covered its face.


 The hall rapidly repaired itself but the voices still continued, they were getting more muffled and loud.


 Qing Chou could do nothing.


 It became dejected eventually.


 It wanted to give up, it wanted to die.


 But it did not do so, those vengeful voices were trying to remind it of something.


 What was it?


 What were those damned voices trying to say?


 Tell me, tell me, why are you torturing me like this, why don’t you just let me die?!


 Ever since the chaotic battle started, Qing Chou sensed Spectral Soul, its consciousness fell into chaos due to hatred Gu. Even though it was conscious, its mind was not clear.


 It only knew how to kill, it knew how to charge and advance, it only knew how to fight! It wanted to exert itself, to use every drop of blood in its body to kill Spectral Soul, to exterminate Spectral Soul!


 But now, Qing Chou’s mind was no longer in chaos, it regained clarity.


 It was as if the clouds parted in the sky, everything was clear now.


 Its memories were complete, it understood the whole situation from start to finish.


 It... could finally understand the words of those vengeful souls.


 These vengeful souls were screaming and crying all the time, they had never stopped or weakened at all.


 Qing Chou heard them clearly now.


 These vengeful souls were not screaming in pain or bitterness.


 They were not crying out in grievance, they were not screaming their innocence.


 They only said one thing — Qing Chou.


 Qing Chou!


 Qing Chou!!


 You must remember the purpose of your existence!


 You must remember the burden that you bear!


 You must remember all your enemies!


 Don’t forget it, don’t forget it for even an instance, don’t give up, don’t give up even for an instance.


 Revenge, revenge, revenge!


 Those clansmen who died pitiful deaths, those Qing clan members who had yet to fulfill their aspirations, we need to take revenge for the pain and suffering that was inflicted on us!


 "Spectral Soul—!" Qing Chou screamed: "Have a good taste of this!"


 "This is the revenge of Qing clan, after a hundred thousand years, the killer move that has been nurturing for a hundred thousand years—"


 "Qing Chou!!!"


 "Oh no!" At this moment, Giant Spectral Soul’s expression turned cold, his heart sank.


 A qualitative change occurred in Qing Chou’s body, rank eight Immortal Gu Hatred which had been growing the entire time finally broke through at this moment, it became a genuine rank nine Immortal Gu!


 Qing Chou’s mountain-like body shot out a jade green light that was familiar to Spectral Soul.


 Within the green light, Qing Chou’s body transformed like flowing water.


 It stood straight up, its four limbs turned into human hands and legs.


 The huge pair of wings that it had turned into a full body armor.


 Its shell turned into a shield, held by its left arm.


 Its snake neck contracted rapidly, allowing its neck and shoulder to have the perfect proportion.


 Next, a huge lump of light flowed from its long tail and snake neck, transferring to its right palm as it extended into a terrifying spear.


 Giant Qing Chou charged towards Spectral Soul, the vast green light condensed and went into the tip of its spear.


 The long spear stabbed forward with great force!


 Giant Spectral Soul changed moves!


 He had to make a change, if he used his earlier method on Qing Chou again, he would be courting death.


 Spectral Soul grunted as he retracted his move, causing him to suffer backlash.


 But he achieved his goal, he successfully changed killer moves. At the crucial moment, rumbling black smoke gushed towards Qing Chou, stopping its attack.


 Seeing this, Wu Shuai, Qi Sea Ancestor, and Demon Immortal Qi Jue stared with wide eyes.


 This seemed like a long process but in fact, it occurred too quickly and suddenly.


 Qing Chou suddenly became stronger, it turned into a giant with a huge rise in battle strength.


 Before Wu Shuai, Qi Sea or Qi Jue had time to celebrate, Giant Spectral Soul withdrew his killer move and retaliated instantly.


 Seeing that this fatal killer move was mostly blocked by Spectral Soul, Wu Shuai, Qi Sea, and Qi Jue felt greatly disappointed, they could not help but admire Spectral Soul’s resolve and method.


 He could actually swap killer moves within such a short time frame!


 However, Lu Wei Yin smiled.


 At the next moment, Giant Qing Chou’s messy hair rose up and tangled together like vines, gathering into the appearance of a huge tree.


 This tree had lush leaves, it was a massive cover over Qing Chou’s head, it emitted a jade green light again.


 Spectral Soul’s rumbling smoke was all blocked by this powerful light!


 "This is?!"


 "A venerable method!"


 "Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s karma divine tree killer move!!"


 Qi Sea, Qi Jue, and Wu Shuai were shocked.


 Swish!


 Giant Qing Chou’s attacks were no longer obstructed, the terrifying spear pierced through Giant Spectral Soul from the front to the back.


 Following that, the green spear turned into jade green light and flowed into Giant Spectral Soul’s body like a torrent of water.


 Giant Spectral Soul took several steps back, his aura weakened to an extremely low level.


 Spectral Soul was covered in holes as soul qi leaked out along with some jade green light. Hundreds of arms covered these holes but could not stop the overwhelming green light from shining.


 These mysterious lights were like swords or spears, bursting out of Spectral Soul’s body, radiating the entire battlefield.


 Spectral Soul lost!


 This was a truly fatal blow!!


 Spectral Soul’s expression was cold as he muttered: "Genesis Lotus, Paradise Earth... good, you guys are really impressive."


 Next, he smiled coldly, his killing intent surged instead, reaching an unprecedented level!


 "Long long ago, I swore that I would only make others struggle in the face of death. Are you all... prepared for that?"


 Spectral Soul’s words made everyone’s expressions change.


 "Oh no!"


 "Get away from him, quickly!"


 "He is going to self-detonate!!"


 "All of you, die with me." Spectral Soul roared.


 Boom—!!!


 [1] Chou means revenge



***
Chapter 2057 Spectral Souls Death


***





 



 "Quickly, quickly, we need to be faster!" Fairy Zi Wei continued to urge herself internally.


 She was the only wisdom path great expert here, the duty of unraveling this battlefield killer move ended up on her shoulders.


 Fairy Zi Wei’s soul was modified by Spectral Soul, she was loyal to him, she exerted herself in trying to unravel this battlefield killer move.


 However, Lu Wei Yin’s illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield was not a simple battlefield.


 "This earth path battlefield is extremely sturdy, it also has a layer of vagueness. I’m afraid it uses Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s battlefield as the foundation and was modified from that!"


 Fairy Zi Wei was frowning deeply, her mind was heating up, with her full effort, she managed to deduce some useful information.


 But there was little progress overall.


 Firstly, the battlefield killer move would shrink into a tiny spot once they were activated, isolating the inside and outside. Be it from within or externally, it was hard to unravel.


 Initially, Fairy Zi Wei was able to break Fang Yuan’s yama battlefield in Lang Ya blessed land because she had Feng Jiu Ge’s fate armor Immortal Gu to locate yama battlefield.


 By combining both internal and external influences, she had a breakthrough in unraveling that battlefield.


 Secondly, illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield was not ordinary, it was the work of a venerable, improved upon by future generations.


 It was already amazing that Fairy Zi Wei could find the exact location of the battlefield so quickly, it showed her incredible wisdom path attainment.


 Fairy Zi Wei continued to use various methods, sometimes, she activated individual Immortal Gu, sometimes, she used wisdom path killer moves, sometimes, she even asked the Longevity Heaven or Heavenly Court Gu Immortals to probe the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield continuously.


 This was truly an unthinkable sight.


 Shadow Sect, Longevity Heaven, and Heavenly Court were actually working together closely!


 At the outer periphery, the black bat group was like a raging black tide that attacked constantly. Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses were guarding against them, forming a tight defense that killed all the black bats that were daring enough to approach them.


 In the inner area, Fairy Zi Wei was high in the sky with Old Man Zheng Yuan, Bai Ning Bing, and Fairy Miao Yin protecting her.


 At the center, two Immortal Gu Houses were situated beside each other. They were Longevity Heaven’s Calamity Luck Altar and Heavenly Court’s Demon Judgment Board. Each time Fairy Zi Wei gave instructions, these two Immortal Gu Houses would cooperate and use their methods to attack a corner of the battlefield.


 Qin Ding Ling and Bing Sai Chuan did not doubt Fairy Zi Wei’s anxiety, they also lacked a wisdom path great expert, they were willing to put in effort for this.


 Everything they did was for the eventual goal, Fang Yuan!


 Originally, these three forces restrained each other while chasing Fang Yuan, they had their own vigilance.


 But now that the battlefield killer move enveloped Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul, these three forces started to work together, exerting their effort and energy into unraveling this battlefield killer move.


 Fang Yuan’s craftiness and viciousness was deeply etched in everyone’s minds, since he put up an ambush here, he definitely had ill intentions.


 The three factions’ Gu Immortals felt something amiss, they quickly worked together, attempting to thwart Fang Yuan’s plans with all their effort.


 It was truly a wise decision.


 But...


 Guh.


 Fairy Zi Wei suddenly shook as she spat out a mouthful of blood.


 "Oh?" Seeing this change, all of the Gu Immortals’ attention was drawn.


 Fairy Zi Wei wiped the blood off the corner of her lips, her expression was pale but she gritted her teeth, continuing her deduction.


 "Heavenly Court nurtured a great immortal, for her master, she is really giving it her all." Within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan sneered as he tried to attack the two forces with words.


 Within the Immortal Gu House, Qin Ding Ling snorted coldly, frowning: "Why is my luck wavering so much?"


 At the next moment, Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan suddenly took action, profound light flickered, the Shadow Sect immortals were all enveloped, before they shot outside like a meteor!


 Bing Sai Chuan and Qin Ding Ling’s hearts jumped, they did not think anymore, quickly controlling the Immortal Gu Houses to follow after Fairy Zi Wei.


 Boom!


 A terrifying explosion occurred at this moment.


 Calamity Luck Altar had just started to move when an immense force assaulted it from the back.


 Bing Sai Chuan growled: "Zi Wei harmed us!"


 Calamity Luck Altar suffered a huge blow, but its momentum rose as it charged towards Fairy Zi Wei with killing intent.


 Within Demon Judgment Board, Fang Zheng lacked experience compared to Bing Sai Chuan and Qin Ding Ling. When the explosion occurred, Demon Judgment Board was still staying motionless on the spot.


 Thus, Demon Judgment Board suffered much greater damage than Calamity Luck Altar.


 At once, Fang Zheng felt like he had fallen into a tsunami, he was caught unguarded, the entire Demon Judgment Board was swept away by the explosion.


 Rumble!


 This explosion was created by Spectral Soul’s self-detonation.


 After the explosion destroyed the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield, the three forces’ Gu Immortals who did not know what happened were greatly affected.


 Both Immortal Gu Houses, Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Judgment Board, were heavily damaged, even though Fairy Zi Wei deduced the explosion slightly earlier, there was too little time, the explosion quickly implicated them, they were sent flying everywhere.


 The numerous Heavenly Court Immortal Gu Houses were also sent flying like kites, blown away by the intense force.


 The black bat group was even worse, hundreds of thousands of bats, be they desolate beasts or immemorial desolate beasts, were instantly blown to pieces.


 The ground shook as the world seemingly collapsed, the entire scene was very chaotic now.


 An extremely damaged fortress appeared in the air.


 Qing Chou, which had turned into a giant, was blown into three pieces, it landed on the ground.


 Xi Land was greatly damaged, it was originally complete and intact, now only less than thirty percent was left.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was covered in blood as he flew out of this secluded domain of heaven and earth, he had a sharp gaze as he fixed his eyes on the fortress.


 It was Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress!


 This rank eight Immortal Gu House truly had top notch defense, even though it was heavily damaged, it still managed to block the force of Spectral Soul’s self-detonation.


 At the next moment, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was stored into Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 This Immortal Gu House was too slow, it could not be relied on all the time.


 Fang Yuan appeared!


 Instantly, he attracted the attention of all the Gu Immortals.


 But Fang Yuan was not alone, Lu Wei Yin and Wu Shuai were also around him.


 "Let’s kill Fang Yuan!" Calamity Luck Altar was not in good shape, Bing Sai Chuan gave up on it and let the rest repair, while he went to kill Fang Yuan himself.


 This rank eight great expert who had once fought alongside Fang Yuan did not conceal his deep killing intent towards the latter.


 "Fang Yuan, what did you do to master?!" Fairy Zi Wei stopped escaping, she screamed out as blood oozed out of her nose and mouth.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue had a child-like appearance but an elderly voice, he smiled coldly: "Didn’t you all feel the severity of the explosion earlier? Spectral Soul has already self-detonated and died."


 What?!


 The immortals heard this and were intensely shocked.


 "The great Spectral Soul actually died?"


 "The explosion earlier was too terrifying, it was clearly a soul path killer move, was it Spectral Soul’s final attack before dying?"


 "But how can this be! A great Demon Venerable..."


 "No, Spectral Soul is no longer a Demon Venerable."


 "Even so, he still has the number one battle strength in the world, to think that he actually died at the hands of Fang Yuan and the rest!"


 "Fang Yuan actually killed Spectral Soul??"


 The immortals’ expressions changed, their pupils contracted as all of their gazes focused on Fang Yuan!


 Even though Spectral Soul’s death was caused by everyone’s effort, Fang Yuan was undeniably the main perpetrator.


 "Fang Yuan cannot be underestimated, he is too scheming, he actually managed to kill Spectral Soul, that is a former Demon Venerable!"


 "He even destroyed fate Gu, it is not strange that he managed to achieve this."


 "Kill him, we cannot let him escape. This demon being alive is truly the greatest misfortune of all lives in this world!"


 "Yes, even if he was acting earlier, after killing Spectral Soul, he must definitely be in bad shape. If we don’t kill him now, when will we?"


 The immortals shouted in unison.


 "Fang Yuan, even if I have to die here, I want you dead!" Fairy Zi Wei’s expression was distorted, she gritted her teeth as she attacked.


 On one hand, Fairy Zi Wei was modified by Spectral Soul and became extremely loyal to him, his death angered her deeply. On the other hand, she had constantly experienced failure as a result of Fang Yuan. In Heavenly Court, she failed, in Shadow Sect, she still failed, she kept losing to this Fang Yuan.


 "Kill him, if Fang Yuan is not dead, the ones to suffer will be everyone present here." Demon Immortal Qi Jue called out as he attacked Fang Yuan as well.


 At the same time, he secretly transmitted to Fang Yuan while chuckling: "Fang Yuan, when Spectral Soul self-detonated earlier, you did not let me into your Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, I’ll forget that. If you want to escape now, you will need my help, take out some venerable true inheritances, show me your sincerity!"


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s Xi Land was greatly damaged but he retained most of his own battle strength.


 This old demon was still working with Fang Yuan to fight Spectral Soul one moment ago, immediately after, he flipped and changed sides, using the three forces to threaten and extort Fang Yuan again!


 Fang Yuan was really not in good shape, the sovereign immortal aperture’s myriad tribulation was still ongoing.


 Beside him, Lu Wei Yin had a pale expression, his body was wobbling around, it would not be surprising if he fainted at the next moment.


 Wu Shuai was looking terrible, even though his rank eight aura was not stable, he still retained some battle strength. Right now, he could only be sacrificed to try to stall for time. Even so, there was no guarantee regarding how much time he could fight for.


 As for Qi Sea Ancestor, he was already put into Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture. Within it, Combat Beast King was still unconscious, Fang Yuan needed a Gu Immortal expert to manage the situation.


 If not, Qi Sea Ancestor would be forced by the situation, to protect his main body, he would need to expose his identity.


 "At the crucial moment, without any better options, I will need to sacrifice the Qi Sea clone and Wu Shuai clone to stall for time." Fang Yuan thought.


 He transmitted to Lu Wei Yin: "What is the escape method that you mentioned earlier?"


 When Giant Spectral Soul self-detonated, Lu Wei Yin made his move, forcefully activating the illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield and suppressing the soul explosion miraculously, even though it only lasted a few breaths of time, it managed to successfully gain them some time.


 Using this time, Fang Yuan’s Qi Sea and Wu Shuai clone managed to hide inside Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.


 During which, Lu Wei Yin transmitted to Fang Yuan that he had a way to escape and leave Central Continent safely.


 Precisely so, Fang Yuan let Lu Wei Yin into his Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.


 Firstly, Lu Wei Yin saved both of Fang Yuan’s clones, that was a move demonstrating great sincerity.


 Secondly, because Lu Wei Yin’s battlefield killer move was broken, he suffered an immense backlash, his battle strength plunged and his threat level also diminished, Fang Yuan did not fear him now.



***
Chapter 2058 Helping Fang Yuan Become Venerable


***





 



 Lu Wei Yin replied Fang Yuan immediately: "Fang Yuan, follow me!"


 However, Fang Yuan replied: "No rush."


 At the next moment, he smiled coldly, his arms were folded behind him, looking at the three groups of Gu Immortals and their Immortal Gu Houses, he spoke calmly and casually: "Very good, which of you want to die first?"


 Saying this, intense aura burst out of his body, his rank eight aura was fully intact and not weak at all.


 All of the immortals stared with wide eyes.


 "Wasn’t he at his limit already?"


 All of the excitement to attack was doused.


 The immortals became hesitant.


 Using this timing, Fang Yuan laughed loudly as he activated an immortal killer move, bringing Lu Wei Yin and the rest away, they turned into a sword rainbow, flying far away.


 Different from earlier, Fang Yuan had already refined many heaven path dao marks, he had already gotten some freedom from the restrictions of the heaven path dao marks.


 It was many times easier for him to use immortal killer moves now. Although he still needed to use the human path formation to attack the heaven path dao marks, he could already use other methods now.


 "Fang Yuan escaped, chase him!"


 "He was toying with us."


 The immortals realized at once, they started to pursue him relentlessly.


 All sorts of killer moves were unleashed, bombarding Fang Yuan and the rest.


 It was as if the situation had returned to before, except Spectral Soul, Qi Sea Ancestor, and Qing Chou were gone, in exchange there was Lu Wei Yin instead.


 But...


 "Everyone, be very careful! The final struggle of this demon Fang Yuan cannot be underestimated."


 "Let the other two forces fight, let’s save our energy."


 "Fang Yuan is too scheming, in my opinion, he might still have a second battlefield killer move or an immortal formation."


 "That’s right, in the Southern Border battle, Fang Yuan used a time path formation to trap the allied forces of Southern Border’s righteous path. Lu Wei Yin is also a devious person, he set up the earth path formation to trap Spectral Soul, he did the same thing as Fang Yuan. I was wrong about him!"


 "The great Paradise Earth’s Southern Border inheritor actually collaborated with Fang Yuan so shamelessly!!"


 The immortals’ words were filled with righteousness and heroism against the evil enemies, they transmitted thoughts and exchanged conversations, trying to come up with a plan.


 They chased with a huge commotion, but they were all feeling internally fearful!


 The current situation was already very different from earlier, it had changed almost completely.


 Fang Yuan managed to kill Spectral Soul, this incredible feat made all three forces very wary and fearful.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan was devious and crafty, he was ruthless and vicious, his battle achievements were deeply etched into everyone’s hearts, the three forces’ Gu Immortals were filled with trepidation.


 On one hand, even if Fang Yuan was near his limit, his final struggle would cause any of them to suffer huge losses, their plans would fail completely; on the other hand, the three forces were not just fighting Fang Yuan, they were also mutual enemies.


 Earlier, Spectral Soul and Qi Jue took on the role as the vanguard, the three forces were happy to follow behind them and try to reap some benefits. But now, Spectral Soul was dead, even though Demon Immortal Qi Jue appeared imposing, he was secretly extorting Fang Yuan for his personal gains, why would he really fight with his true strength?


 Speaking of which, the three forces’ Gu Immortals were wary of Fang Yuan, but was Demon Immortal Qi Jue not wary of him?


 "Fang Yuan did not fight much in the few battles earlier. How much did he actually recover? Looking at his killer moves, they are clearly more complex and numerous, how much strength is he concealing? Does he have a fourth Immortal Gu House?" Demon Immortal Qi Jue thought to himself.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan lost Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship, he immediately took out Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress. These three Immortal Gu Houses were all rank eight, they were peak creations of enslavement path, time path, and earth path.


 Fang Yuan’s abundant wealth truly shocked Demon Immortal Qi Jue. He would not be surprised even if Fang Yuan took out a fifth Immortal Gu House at this point.


 "Just how deep is Fang Yuan’s foundation?! Aren’t the past venerables investing too much in him!" Demon Immortal Qi Jue gritted his teeth.


 As Fang Yuan retreated, he suggested transacting using true inheritances, his attitude was tough at times, Demon Immortal Qi Jue could not make up his mind.


 "Should I attack at this time?"


 "How much strength does Fang Yuan have left? Would my gains be higher if I kill him?"


 "But now, chasing and collecting true inheritances seems pretty good too..."


 Among the people, Demon Immortal Qi Jue had the best time during this chasing period.


 "We arrived! It is below this place." Lu Wei Yin suddenly transmitted.


 Fang Yuan controlled the rainbow, he suddenly changed directions, he instantly broke through the rock layer, entering the next layer.


 Rumble...


 Fang Yuan and the rest heard loud rumbling noises around them.


 A boundless earth qi river surged intensely as tides raged, Fang Yuan and the other two were surrounded by it, they felt like ants in the river, being extremely insignificant.


 "This is... the manifestation of an earth vein?!" Fang Yuan was stunned before he soon realized it.


 Lu Wei Yin nodded as he smiled: "Indeed, with the five regions becoming one, the earth veins have merged as well, with the movement of the earth veins, they will manifest themselves. It is about to reach that island."


 Fang Yuan activated his killer move with difficulty as the sword rainbow shot down.


 The sword rainbow was hard to maintain, it finally dissipated in the air after some time.


 The three immortals fell onto a brown island, they were in sorry states.


 This island was very small, it was only a few square kilometers in size. The island was deserted without any living beings, it had a plain terrain, there were three huge rocks at the periphery that resembled pillars, embedded into the grand earth vein.


 Precisely because of these three rock pillars, the island remained unmoving despite the earth vein’s movement.


 "Fang Yuan, where are you running?"


 "Chase!"


 "What is this place?!"


 At this time, the three groups of pursuers also arrived at this layer.


 Someone activated a killer move but found that the earth path dao marks here were too dense, they suppressed almost all other paths.


 Gu Immortals had to spend a lot of effort activating killer moves unless it was earth path, otherwise, only Immortal Gu Houses could still move around freely.


 "Oh no, Fang Yuan came here with a plan in mind."


 "No matter what he is trying to do, we must stop him!"


 "Quickly destroy that island."


 The three forces’ Gu Immortals had imposing aura, they quickly got close.


 However, Fang Yuan, Wu Shuai, and Lu Wei Yin attacked suddenly, destroying the three huge rock pillars on the island!


 Without the support of the rock pillars, the island started to float away along the earth vein.


 The three forces’ Gu Immortals chased but the island moved rapidly, the difference between the two was just too big, the island quickly pulled apart some distance and in a few breaths of time, shook off the three forces’ Gu Immortals.


 The three forces’ Gu Immortals were dumbfounded.


 What the heck was happening?


 It was just an island but it actually moved so quickly!


 "We really escaped from them. What is this island? Where will it bring us to?" Wu Shuai touched the hard ground of this island with his hands as he asked in amazement.


 Lu Wei Yin continued to cough blood, destroying the rock pillars earlier caused his injuries to be aggravated.


 He did not answer Wu Shuai, he looked at Fang Yuan instead: "Fang Yuan, you must have recalled it already?"


 Fang Yuan nodded, the moment he saw this island, a flash of inspiration struck in his mind. By the time he landed, he had already recalled it.


 "This is Flying Earth." Fang Yuan told Wu Shuai.


 Even though Wu Shuai was his clone, Fang Yuan did not give him a copy of all his memories, this was a precaution.


 If Wu Shuai got captured in the future and got his soul searched, these memories would end up helping his enemies after all.


 "In the previous life’s five hundred years, the five regions became one, the two heavens combined, the earth veins of the five regions also merged and created many unique terrains. The people in the world called them the ten earths. They are Earth Abyss, Earth Trench, Earth Tunnel, Earth Cave, Earth Prison, Production Earth, Flying Earth, Formation Earth, Treasure Earth, and Tomb Earth."


 "This island is one of the ten earths, Flying Earth, it is formed from the earth vein. It can move around in the earth vein as quickly as flying, its speed cannot be matched normally."


 Wu Shuai finally understood: "So that’s it."


 He continued to sigh: "With the changes in the world, the underground has also become much more interesting."


 He knew the essence of this island, he asked: "Then where can we go?"


 Fang Yuan shook his head: "I have only heard of Flying Earth, I have never interacted with it. We can only follow along its trail now, we cannot control the direction. Lu Wei Yin, I wonder if you have any method?"


 In this ambush battle, Lu Wei Yin’s performance was very outstanding, Fang Yuan saw much value in him now.


 This current generation inheritor of Paradise Earth had incredible power.


 He first set up illusory sand shifting shadow battlefield, which was powerful enough to trap Spectral Soul and Qi Jue, it perfectly displayed the might of a proper battlefield.


 Next, Lu Wei Yin controlled the battlefield and allowed the immortals to cooperate tightly while dealing with Spectral Soul. During the intense fight, Spectral Soul wanted to target Qing Chou but was obstructed by Lu Wei Yin multiple times.


 After that, at the crucial moment, Lu Wei Yin displayed a powerful defensive killer move that blocked Spectral Soul’s rampaging attack, allowing Qi Jue to have enough time to use his xi xi killer move. This was the turning point of that battle.


 In addition, Lu Wei Yin used all life is bitter and suffering loss is a blessing to counter Spectral Soul, causing him to suffer an intense backlash.


 Finally, he forcefully maintained the battlefield and suppressed Spectral Soul’s self-detonation, allowing Fang Yuan’s clones to escape the crisis.


 After the battlefield was destroyed, he was the one who guided Fang Yuan to this Flying Earth and escaped successfully.


 Lu Wei Yin’s battle strength was definitely top tier in the current world, but Fang Yuan admired his nature even more. He was adept at enduring and persevering, he used the two killer moves, all life is bitter and suffering loss is a blessing, at the crucial moment to cause Spectral Soul to suffer a huge setback.


 With his deep shrewdness and wisdom, Fang Yuan believed that Lu Wei Yin definitely had a method to control Flying Earth. After all, this involved earth path, it was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s greatest expertise.


 And as expected, Lu Wei Yin did not disappoint Fang Yuan.


 He smiled and nodded: "I am not so skilled, but Paradise Earth’s inheritance has a relevant method to control Flying Earth’s direction and decide the place to stop at."


 Wu Shuai heard this, his pupils shrank, he became quite cautious.


 Lu Wei Yin seemed to have not noticed as he kept up his smile: "This earth vein travels along Western Desert, towards Eastern Sea, before reaching Southern Border and Northern Plains after that, I wonder where you want to stop at, Fang Yuan?"


 Fang Yuan smiled too: "Didn’t you invite me to be a guest of your Mushroomman Paradise earlier?"


 Lu Wei Yin nodded: "Fang Yuan, now that Spectral Soul has been killed by us, I am sure you know of my sincerity already. This is not just my sincerity, this is also the sincerity of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable!"


 "Even though I am not sure of the details, there is something written down in the inheritance that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable left behind — Gu Yue Fang Yuan is the Paradise Earth inheritor of the five regions! All of Paradise Earth’s forces will help him, they will assist him to become a Gu Venerable with their full strength!"



***
Chapter 2059 Paradise Earths Deeper Intentions


***





 



 "What?" When Wu Shuai heard this news for the first time, he was stupefied.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was well reputed to be benevolent and kind, who did not know of his nature? He spent his entire life cleaning up the mess that Spectral Soul created, he did not have a single offensive method. All of his actions and words were meant to lead people to the path of kindness, he took joy in helping people.


 Among the people he helped, were the numbers merely millions or tens of millions? In fact, not only humans, even variant humans and legendary immemorial beasts received his help. He even took action many times to repair mountains and rivers, he managed the natural resource points of heaven and earth.


 Southern Border’s Mushroomman Paradise, Eastern Sea’s Merman Imperial Court, as well as the blue dragon whale, had all received Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s help.


 Even Central Continent’s Reincarnation Battlefield was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable because he did not want to see bloodshed between Central Continent Gu Immortals, he used it to resolve their conflicts.


 And Fang Yuan?


 He killed people like cutting grass, he was cold and callous. For his personal benefit, he destroyed fate Gu and disregarded the prosperity of humanity.


 In order to cultivate, he plundered resources everywhere. He extorted, he stole, he snatched, he used all methods possible.


 Everywhere he went, there was blood, there was disaster.


 And now that Spectral Soul was dead, Fang Yuan became the genuine number one demon in the world!


 It was not strange that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable managed to deduce the existence of Fang Yuan, all the other nine venerables had done the same. But Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable actually wanted Fang Yuan to become his inheritor, he wanted all of the forces of Paradise Earth to help Fang Yuan ascend to the position of a venerable?


 This was simply bizarre beyond belief!


 "Has Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable gone mad?" Wu Shuai’s first thoughts after reacting were as such.


 Immediately after, Wu Shuai thought: "Don’t tell me Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable wants my main body to become a kind person? This does suit his style of action."


 Indeed.


 Fang Yuan was a demon.


 After news of the earlier battle spread out, it would shock the world, Fang Yuan’s title as the number one demon in the world would gain everyone’s agreement!


 If such a demon could turn over a new leaf and become righteous, it was definitely good news for the world and the people living in it.


 Wu Shuai was shocked but Fang Yuan was expressionless, he did not show any external emotions.


 Because he had already heard such words before he communicated with Lu Wei Yin.


 Fang Yuan recalled the scene back then on the Red Lotus stone island.


 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable arrived at the stone lotus island, when he spoke with Red Lotus’ will, he did mention that he wanted to snatch Fang Yuan as his inheritor.


 For this purpose, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable took away regret Gu and placed it inside the blue dragon whale.


 Because of this, future events happened, Fang Yuan entered the blue dragon whale’s grotto-heaven paradise, taking regret Gu and releasing Shen Shang.


 Back then, the ultimate mission of the merit board seemed to have intentions of inviting Fang Yuan to stay in the grotto-heaven, to accept the mission and become the new owner of the blue dragon whale. But Fang Yuan did not give in to temptation, he chose to leave and participate in the fate war, to destroy fate Gu.


 After the fate war, Lu Wei Yin contacted Fang Yuan, stating that he wanted to help the latter.


 These two matters were related in essence.


 Thus, it was not so hard for Fang Yuan to accept this.


 "Ever since I was reborn, I obtained many venerable true inheritances. These are the investments of the past venerables, they used me as a tool to destroy fate Gu."


 "I originally thought that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had the same idea, but to think that he had deeper intentions."


 Thoughts continued to flicker and collide in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 This was the greatest predicament of his life, it was truly a near death experience. The most dangerous moment was when Giant Spectral Soul used the killer move eat heart on him, Fang Yuan was truly defenseless at that moment, he had to gamble.


 Thus, he forced himself to laugh and put up a perfect disguise, successfully hoaxing Demon Immortal Qi Jue to attack and betray Spectral Soul. That interrupted eat heart and allowed him to survive.


 At that time, Fang Yuan was half a step from entering his grave.


 What was the cause of this precarious situation?


 Externally, Spectral Soul was chasing after him, trying to regain sovereign immortal fetus Gu and the dream realms.


 Internally, there was Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s scheme, he used the three thousand heaven path dao marks to restrain Fang Yuan and forced him to be unable to fight.


 Fate Gu was destroyed, Fang Yuan had no value remaining. However much help he had received in the past, he would suffer a proportionate backlash at this moment!


 All of the venerables who invested in Fang Yuan also abandoned him, they had resolute killing intent.


 In such a situation, one venerable stood out from the rest, he lent a helping hand at the crucial moment, pulling Fang Yuan up from the abyss.


 What was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s intention?


 What did he want from Fang Yuan?


 Why did he think that Fang Yuan would become a venerable?


 Why did he want to help Fang Yuan become a venerable despite the huge cost?


 Surrounded by brown soil, earth qi rumbled.


 Flying Earth continued to move within the grand earth vein.


 "According to my understanding, in the Prophecy of Three Venerables, the next venerable is Great Dream Immortal Venerable. Does Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable think I have the capability to become Great Dream Immortal Venerable?" Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered as he broke the silence, probing as he asked.


 Lu Wei Yin replied: "The Prophecy of Three Venerables is well known to everyone, but now that fate Gu has been destroyed, the future is no longer certain. It is possible that Great Dream Immortal Venerable will emerge, it is also possible that this will not happen, right?"


 "Fang Yuan, no need to say anymore, once you visit Mushroomman Paradise and receive Paradise Earth’s true meaning, you will understand everything. At that time, I will definitely welcome you enthusiastically."


 Lu Wei Yin smiled but was not willing to speak anymore.


 After this battle, he was certain that Fang Yuan would go to Mushroomman Paradise, but he would not go now.


 Lu Wei Yin knew of Fang Yuan’s vigilance, he was a ruthless person but he was incomparably careful!


 Even though Lu Wei Yin made such a huge contribution in this battle, if there was a chance, Fang Yuan would definitely kill him.


 But Lu Wei Yin had been cautious, Fang Yuan had no such opportunities. When Spectral Soul self-detonated, he saved Wu Shuai and Qi Sea Ancestor, expressing his goodwill while also telling Fang Yuan he had a way to escape, that was the reason Fang Yuan let him into Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress.


 When they got to Flying Earth, because he had a method to control it, he retained his value, Fang Yuan was unwilling to kill him.


 But if he fainted, Fang Yuan would definitely deal the fatal blow, before soul searching Lu Wei Yin and learning of all the details.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan chose to leave mid-journey.


 He was pestered by the myriad tribulation, the most important thing now was to resolve it!


 His battle strength was low now, otherwise, he would have attacked the weakened Lu Wei Yin.


 Before departing, Lu Wei Yin spoke to Fang Yuan, expressing great sincerity: "Fang Yuan, I am sure you are deeply aware of the situation now. All the venerables want to kill you, this will not be your only predicament. We have very little time now, the actual circumstances are even more dangerous than during the fate war. If we act slowly, we will end up with terrible deaths. Thus, I hope you will come visit the Mushroomman Paradise as soon as possible."


 Fang Yuan nodded, bringing Wu Shuai and leaving.


 The two immortals left the earth vein, moving upwards. An hour later, they arrived at the surface, appearing in a desert.


 There was nothing in the surrounding thousand li.


 Wu Shuai suddenly smiled: "Lu Wei Yin seems to be in trouble. By helping us this time, and also being the leader of a variant human force, he is going to face the pressure of Southern Border’s righteous path."


 Fang Yuan nodded: "This is indeed problematic for him. Southern Border’s righteous path is led by Wu clan, while Wu clan’s leader, Wu Yong, is an ambitious and formidable person, he will not let go of this chance. But with Lu Wei Yin’s political skills, I am sure he already has a way to resolve it."


 Wu Shuai asked again: "Before parting, was Lu Wei Yin simply trying to scare us?"


 Fang Yuan had a solemn expression, he shook his head slightly.


 Wu Shuai’s mood became heavy.


 "Let’s go, we will recuperate now, we really have no time left!" Fang Yuan said.


 Earth vein.


 "That demon Fang Yuan really escaped!" Inside Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu House, Qin Ding Ling stared with wide and furious eyes as she gritted her teeth, clenching her fists tightly.


 This was the situation that she had not wanted to see, but it happened anyway.


 Within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan also let out a sigh.


 He did not think that this would happen, the powerful and imposing Spectral Soul died while Fang Yuan, who was escaping from them, managed to flee. The biggest surprise was Lu Wei Yin, this inheritor of Paradise Earth was simply not worthy of being in the righteous path, he was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s disgrace!


 Of course, there was also the earth vein and Flying Earth.


 The five regions were unified, the regional walls vanished, Gu Immortals of the five regions focused their attention on the fate war. The aftermath of the war had not settled, but qi tides already started to emerge, all Gu Immortals were busy dealing with them. Almost nobody had the time or energy at this time to explore the changes underground.


 The earth vein was grand and vast, it was like a rumbling yellow river, creating huge commotions and sounds. Traveling around this turbulent earth vein was simply not easy.


 The Flying Earth that Fang Yuan was on had already gone missing, the immortals traveled with great difficulty underground, their expectations regarding catching Fang Yuan became increasingly lower.


 Wherever the immortals’ gazes landed, they would see an abundance of earth path resources around the earth vein. And within the earth vein, there were even higher quality immortal materials.


 "With the changes in heaven and earth, even the earth has become so foreign and unfamiliar."


 "These earth path resources are very heavy, it is too troublesome to take them from the earth vein, that is, unless one has exceptional earth path attainment."


 "Just these earth path resources that we saw along the way, if we can use them well, we can definitely change the situation. Ancient Soul Sect, who owns this Earth Abyss, is going to benefit, if they can absorb these resources, they will definitely become a much more powerful force!"


 These were elites among the highest tier of Gu Immortals, they had excellent knowledge and understanding.


 The resources underground were too abundant, this would have great implications. The way to extract these resources efficiently and make use of them would affect the entire world’s situation in the future.


 "Quick, take out some spare Gu worms, another three hundred were destroyed. Who can help me to replace the new Gu worms together?"


 When Immortal Gu Houses moved in this earth vein, they would suffer the invasion of these earth qi, there would be increasingly more earth path dao marks carved on the Immortal Gu Houses.


 That was unless it was an earth path Immortal Gu House, Immortal Gu Houses of other paths could not stay inside the earth vein for too long.


 "Fang Yuan has disappeared for a long time already."


 "Unless we can find another flying island like what they had, otherwise..."


 "That Lu Wei Yin clearly had a method to control the flying island. He is Paradise Earth’s inheritor, back then, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable cultivated earth path primarily."


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals did not say it explicitly, but they had intentions to retreat already.


 Qin Ding Ling kept silent, she was unwilling, but Fang Yuan was actually going to successfully escape in front of their very eyes! She knew that Fang Yuan had already escaped for quite some time, there was almost no hope in catching him now.


 But she still subconsciously kept silent.


 After this battle, her trepidation towards Fang Yuan rose by several times. Spectral Soul went after him personally but could not kill him, instead, Fang Yuan managed to kill Spectral Soul in reverse!


 "Gu Yue Fang Yuan... I underestimated you after all."


 "No wonder even the wisdom path cultivator Fairy Zi Wei faltered in your hands time and time again."


 "Wait, where are the Shadow Sect members?"



***
Chapter 2060 Bai Ning Bing Versus Fang Zheng


***





 



 Countless rock pillars flashed by with speed that resembled illusory figures.


 These rock pillars were located in Earth Abyss, they naturally could not move. What was moving was Fairy Zi Wei’s group.


 "Since Fang Yuan can kill master, he definitely has a method to escape. I have fought against him many times, I understand him too well!" Fairy Zi Wei said.


 After Spectral Soul’s death, the weakest group became Shadow Sect.


 Earlier, Fairy Zi Wei purposely shouted and drew Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court’s attention to Fang Yuan, she secretly transmitted and directed these Shadow Sect immortals to escape mid-journey.


 After that, she did not even get to the layer with the earth vein, she directly left the battlefield with these Shadow Sect immortals.


 "No!" While flying, Fairy Zi Wei suddenly stopped, saying: "Even though I am not sure how long Fang Yuan, Longevity Heaven, and Heavenly Court will fight, we need to make some preparations in advance."


 Fairy Zi Wei cast her gaze towards Bai Ning Bing, Fairy Miao Yin, and Lady White Rabbit.


 "Farewell to the three of you." Fairy Zi Wei’s tone became extremely cold.


 Fairy Miao Yin’s expression turned ugly, evidently, Fairy Zi Wei was going to discard them as used pawns.


 Lady White Rabbit was feeling uneasy, while Bai Ning Bing smiled as she rubbed her chin, nodding cheerfully: "Interesting, getting chased like this is common, but I have never experienced such a status myself."


 Even if they objected, what could they do?


 Fairy Zi Wei was a rank eight great expert, she could suppress the three of them!


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded, bringing Old Man Zheng Yuan and Ying Wu Xie away, quickly vanishing from the sights of Bai Ning Bing and the rest.


 "What do we do?" Lady White Rabbit asked, she was lost and unsure.


 Bai Ning Bing chuckled: "We are in big trouble, I am sure we will be caught very soon."


 White Rabbit stared with large and clear eyes, she asked: "Are you sure?"


 Bai Ning Bing nodded but said: "We can’t be too sure, but Fairy Zi Wei is a wisdom path great expert, seeing her action earlier, doesn’t it tell you the truth? Even though we have low cultivation level, we have our value. Didn’t they find out Fang Yuan’s traces using us as the connection? But now, Fairy Zi Wei gave up on us instantly, it meant that she gave up the method to detect Fang Yuan. This shows how much danger we are currently in."


 "What should we do, let’s leave now." Lady White Rabbit said anxiously.


 "Why don’t we split up?" Fairy Miao Yin asked: "Whoever gets caught will be the unlucky one, White Rabbit, go with me."


 Among Fang Yuan’s subordinates, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit had the closest relationship. In this critical moment, she wanted to bring White Rabbit along with her.


 "We can’t escape, but I have a good plan." Bai Ning Bing said, bright light flashed in her eyes.


 "What plan?" Lady White Rabbit was curious.


 But after Bai Ning Bing told them, the two rejected it instantly.


 "Isn’t that too risky?" Lady White Rabbit was tongue-tied.


 "You want to return to the black bat layer? You lunatic!" Fairy Miao Yin rolled her eyes.


 Bai Ning Bing replied: "It seems dangerous there but the truth is different. With a vast number of bats in there, even pursuers will not detect us, they might go to the next layer while passing us by."


 White Rabbit was dazed, it seemed that Bai Ning Bing’s words made sense.


 "Do you think Lord Fang Yuan will return to save us?" Lady White Rabbit suddenly asked.


 Fairy Miao Yin’s expression sank: "Don’t forget that we participated in the chase against him earlier."


 White Rabbit was anxious: "But we were forced to, there was no choice. Lord Fang Yuan is so wise, why wouldn’t he understand it?"


 Bai Ning Bing sneered: "You two are still hopeful about him? Not to mention that he is currently busy trying to save his own life, even if he could, with that cold aloof nature of his, why would he even come to save us? In fact, he would rather we die now, after we are dead, there will not be sufficient clues to deduce his location."


 Lady White Rabbit was speechless.


 Fairy Miao Yin gritted her teeth: "No need for more talk, White Rabbit, come with me. As for you, Bai Ning Bing, farewell."


 Fairy Miao Yin had no interest in Bai Ning Bing’s suggestion, after much interaction with her, she knew that this person was a lunatic.


 Bai Ning Bing shrugged her shoulders: "Go ahead."


 As she said that, an intense wind blew, the odor of blood spread throughout the area.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board arrived, Fang Zheng’s cold voice could be heard from within: "Where are you trying to go?"


 Bai Ning Bing and the others were physically and mentally shaken, to think that their pursuers came so quickly!


 Why was Fang Zheng here?


 It turned out that after Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, and Demon Immortal Qi Jue lost sight of Fang Yuan, they lost hope while moving along the earth vein, they started to have other thoughts.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was the first to strike, attacking Calamity Luck Altar.


 Within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan was prepared for this, he blocked Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s attack.


 Seeing that his attack failed, Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not feel dejected, he called out: "Heavenly Court! If you do not fight Calamity Luck Altar now, are you going to wait until Longevity Heaven invades Central Continent?"


 Bing Sai Chuan heard this, his heart sank.


 "You are not wrong." Qin Ding Ling laughed as she gave orders to Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses, launching their attack as well.


 However, Heavenly Court did not just encircle Calamity Luck Altar, they even targeted Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue snorted coldly: "Heavenly Court, your appetite is simply too big!"


 Qin Ding Ling replied arrogantly: "Qi Jue, after that intense battle, how much battle strength do you have left? Go ahead and show us."


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was silent!


 There was nothing wrong with Heavenly Court attacking him, it was a wise decision.


 "However, Qin Ding Ling is acting resolutely, is she putting up a farce or..." Demon Immortal Qi Jue had no time to think, Heavenly Court’s attacks already arrived, and he had to defend himself.


 The three parties fought above the earth vein.


 "Fang Zheng, quickly go to the upper layers and pursue Shadow Sect. Fairy Zi Wei is able to use Bai Ning Bing and the rest to deduce Fang Zheng’s location. We can also do that, go capture these people, as for Fairy Zi Wei and Old Man Zheng Yuan..." Saying this, Qin Ding Ling hesitated.


 But soon, she continued with a firm tone: "As for the two of them, kill them if you can!"


 "Yes." Fang Zheng acknowledged her orders, he controlled Demon Judgment Board and left the battlefield.


 Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue were trapped, they watched as Demon Judgment Board left.


 Fang Zheng flew rapidly within Demon Judgment Board, using the Immortal Gu House’s ability to find the traces of Shadow Sect.


 Shadow Sect’s members were all on the board list, Fang Zheng quickly found Bai Ning Bing and the other two immortals.


 "Rank eight Immortal Gu House — Demon Judgment Board!" Lady White Rabbit’s and Fairy Miao Yin’s hearts sank, they felt a huge pressure.


 They wanted to tell Fang Zheng about the direction that Fairy Zi Wei escaped to but there was an alliance agreement made earlier, if they betrayed Fairy Zi Wei, the consequences would be severe.


 Cold light flashed in Bai Ning Bing’s eyes, even with an enemy in front of them and possibly others behind, she still had an excited expression: "It’s you, I know that voice, Gu Yue Fang Zheng."


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng had a flickering gaze, he looked at Bai Ning Bing through the Immortal Gu House: "Bai Ning Bing, to think that we would meet here at this time."


 Memories from before surged in his mind, it was as if he had just drunk some liquor before the battle, his entire body was filled with heated battle intent.


 "Bai Ning Bing!" He shouted loudly: "Do you still remember Gu Yue Qing Shu?!"


 In Fang Zheng’s heart, Gu Yue Qing Shu was more of a brother than Fang Yuan to him. He was caring, he was gentle, he was responsible, he was admirable.


 When he lived in Gu Yue village, even though Gu Yue clan leader took care of Fang Zheng and taught him personally, he was still a senior.


 The care and concern that Gu Yue Qing Shu gave to Fang Zheng had always been kept in Fang Zheng’s heart.


 But such a person was killed by Bai Ning Bing, Fang Zheng witnessed the entire battle that involved Qing Shu’s death.


 "Gu Yue Qing Shu?" Bai Ning Bing was slightly dazed, how could she forget. Back in the day, she fought against Gu Yue Qing Shu, even though she killed the latter, she also lost an arm because of him.


 But at the next moment, Bai Ning Bing turned a deaf ear, she laughed in disdain: "I would’ve forgotten if you did not mention him. That was an insignificant ant after all."


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s eyes widened in response, blood filled his eyes as killing intent surged in his body.


 "Bai Ning Bing, die!"



***
Chapter 2061 Demon Judgment Board!


***





 



 "Dan... danger." Lady White Rabbit’s expression turned pale.


 "Quickly dodge it!!" Fairy Miao Yin screamed.


 Demon Judgment Board became larger in the three immortals’ eyes, quickly filling up their field of vision. The intense winds made Lady White Rabbit’s breathing turn difficult.


 Bam.


 At the next moment, earth shook, rocks were sent flying.


 Demon Judgment Board slammed into the tough ground with great intensity.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest split up and moved towards different directions, at the crucial moment, they evaded the attack.


 Demon Judgment Board rose up, it charged again.


 This time, it targeted Bai Ning Bing.


 "So quick!" Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrank, she focused herself to deal with the situation.


 Demon Judgment Board was covered in a light red halo, granting it even more speed. It did not use killer moves, it only charged wildly with rapid attacks, Bai Ning Bing had to dodge continuously, spending her effort on evasion and having no chance to retaliate.


 "What do we do?" Lady White Rabbit asked anxiously.


 Fairy Miao Yin had an ashen expression, she replied: "Let’s go! This is their old grudge, let the two of them fight it out."


 Lady White Rabbit was dragged by Fairy Miao Yin as they tried to escape the battlefield.


 "Where are you going?" Gu Yue Fang Zheng suddenly turned around.


 Even though he hated Bai Ning Bing deeply, he did not forget Qin Ding Ling’s instructions. White Rabbit and Miao Yin were crucial clues to find Fang Yuan, how could they be allowed to escape?


 Demon Judgment Board let out a wave of powerful blood red light, it radiated in the battlefield, Bai Ning Bing and the rest were enveloped by this blood red light, their expressions changed.


 Under this blood red light, they felt the blood in their bodies drawn by a powerful force, it was as if the blood in their bodies was getting sucked into Demon Judgment Board, it was very uncomfortable.


 "If we do not resolve this problem, we might get sucked dry of all our blood!" Fairy Miao Yin said solemnly.


 Immortal killer move — Bai Xiang!


 On the other hand, Bai Ning Bing successfully unleashed her killer move, she turned into a white ice giant.


 The blood red light instantly became ineffective on her.


 The killer move Bai Xiang was the famous trump card of the Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortal, it allowed the Gu Immortal to temporarily convert their body into another type of lifeform.


 This move was incredibly powerful, it created the White Terror that once shook Southern Border, leaving its own mark in history.


 Once Bai Ning Bing used it, she changed her circumstances. The ice giant did not have any blood in its body, Demon Judgment Board’s killer move was useless against it.


 Fairy Miao Yin’s heart sank, with Bai Ning Bing’s current condition, she could easily escape. But Bai Ning Bing did not do that, she attacked instead with great excitement and enthusiasm!


 "This lunatic!" Fairy Miao Yin muttered, experiencing a complicated feeling.


 However, when Bai Ning Bing’s killer moves landed on Demon Judgment Board, they was like waves hitting the reef. No matter how Demon Judgment Board was attacked, it did not even move one bit against the currents.


 Fairy Miao Yin frowned deeply as she called out: "White Rabbit, use that move!"


 Lady White Rabbit nodded solemnly, she quickly used the killer move, protecting herself and Fairy Miao Yin.


 Fairy Miao Yin took a risk and accepted her protection, using this chance, she unleashed her killer move, wondrous hand profound sound.


 She grew five new arms, causing her to have a total of seven arms.


 The seven hands moved by themselves, the smooth long fingers were moving in a dazzling motion.


 Ding ding, dang dang...


 Cling cling, clang clang...


 With the movement of her fingers, sharp sounds could be heard whenever they touched.


 The sounds even caused sound waves to start appearing in the surrounding air.


 Sound waves moved like a storm, creating a huge commotion as the attacks landed on Demon Judgment Board!


 "Fairy Miao Yin, thirty-seventh position on the Demon Judgment Board, she has rank seven cultivation level and the Profound Sound true inheritance. Among which, her wondrous hand profound sound killer move can be raised alongside the core Immortal Gu until it reaches rank eight." Fang Zheng muttered to himself.


 On top of his head, countless texts in blood gathered to form a scarlet name list. Be they Fairy Miao Yin, Lady White Rabbit, or Bai Ning Bing, their names were present.


 Fairy Miao Yin and Bai Ning Bing worked together, while Gu Yue Fang Zheng still had a calm expression.


 After all, he was inside Demon Judgment Board.


 The rank eight Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board was extremely powerful.


 Normally speaking, rank seven Immortal Gu Houses could resist rank eight, they were the foundation of super forces.


 As for top tier rank eight Immortal Gu Houses, they could resist pseudo-Immortal Venerables!


 During the fate war, Fang Yuan used Myriad Year Flying Warship and Dragon Palace to fight against Duke Long. In the earlier battle, he used three Immortal Gu Houses against Spectral Soul, they were all rank eight.


 Demon Judgment Board was also rank eight, but it was specialized in investigation.


 Against rank seven Gu Immortals like Bai Ning Bing, Demon Judgment Board’s battle strength was far superior, it could not be matched.


 Waves of blood red light shot out of Demon Judgment Board!


 These blood red lights shot down like rain, targeting Bai Ning Bing with an unceasing quantity.


 Bai Ning Bing turned into a white ice giant, even though it was large and bulky, the giant’s movement was actually very agile and flexible.


 She dodged continuously, none of the blood red lights managed to hit her once.


 "But as long as I get hit once, I will suffer heavy injuries!" Bai Ning Bing knew this in her heart, she focused and fought, the dangerous situation was making her more excited and thrilled.


 Suddenly, Demon Judgment Board shook lightly, Bai Ning Bing got immobilized.


 Bai Ning Bing could not move, she was shot by tens of blood lights.


 The white ice giant was punctured in many places, it was reduced to ice shards in a few moments.


 Lady White Rabbit screamed while Fairy Miao Yin’s heart sank, the difference in battle strength was too great, they could not claim victory with just an advantage in numbers.


 As the ice shards fell to the ground, an intense light burst out.


 Within the icy light, the white ice giant reappeared.


 Bai Ning Bing recovered fully!


 This was the strongest aspect of the killer move Bai Xiang, as long as one shard was left, it could fully recover rapidly.


 Fang Zheng was not surprised, he knew a lot of information about Bai Ning Bing. Long ago, the two were already enemies, Bai Ning Bing had fought against them many times, why would Heavenly Court not collect her information?


 Furthermore, Demon Judgment Board had investigative abilities, the board list did not only include blood path demonic immortals. It was just that blood relation Immortal Gu made almost all blood path demonic cultivators unable to hide from it.


 Bai Ning Bing got up and fought against Fang Zheng again, Miao Yin assisted her, half the blood red light in the battlefield dissipated.


 As their blood was no longer affected, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit flew out with preparation, they were about to escape.


 Fang Zheng smiled lightly: "Not so fast!"


 The dissipated blood red light turned into a ball that floated above the battlefield. Instantly, the blood suction force that vanished amplified by several times of before.


 Bai Ning Bing shouted as she took action suddenly. Her ice path killer move hit the blood ball and caused it to scatter slightly.


 "Surrender now!" Fang Zheng’s lips curled up, he activated Demon Judgment Board, the formless pressure caused Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit’s expressions to change.


 At the crucial moment, Lady White Rabbit suddenly became ruthless, black shadows surged around her, enveloping her body.


 Instantly, Black Tigress appeared on the battlefield!


 Her eyes were pure black, her pupils could not be seen, only a dark and cold light was moving around. The area around her eyes was dyed black, her entire disposition changed from pure and innocent to vicious and ruthless.


 Black Tigress took action, her dark path killer move landed on the blood ball with greater intensity than Bai Ning Bing’s attack, causing more than half of it to vanish.


 Black Tigress and Miao Yin were almost killed by Demon Judgment Board, they managed to narrowly escape.


 Fang Zheng was not flustered, he raised his hand, Demon Judgment Board’s aura changed.


 With a change of method, he moved fluidly, blood qi surged, countless sand-like specks moved like stars, enveloping the entire battlefield.


 "This is the killer move, blood speck star mark!"


 "When was it used? I did not sense anything at all."


 Even if Qin Ding Ling saw this, she would call out in praise. After Fang Zheng became the Demon Judgment Board Lord, he had improved greatly, he already learned to use the various methods of Demon Judgment Board, he could use the methods while managing to display his own style.


 This time, even Bai Xiang was not spared, it got hit.


 As the blood sand entered the three immortals’ bodies, red marks started to appear, causing their movements to be restricted, their thoughts became slower, their immortal essence could not be instilled smoothly, they felt like they were trapped in quicksand.


 The difference between the two sides was just too big!


 Normally speaking, when Gu Immortals fought, if one side wanted to escape, it would be hard to stop them unless a battlefield killer move was successfully used to trap the enemy.


 But Demon Judgment Board was a top tier rank eight Immortal Gu House, it was initially created to hunt demonic path Gu Immortals. Thus, other than investigative methods, even though Demon Judgment Board could not create a battlefield, it had ways to stop demonic path Gu Immortals from escaping.


 Bai Ning Bing and the rest were about to be captured by Fang Zheng, but the ground suddenly shook as earth qi spewed up from the lower layer, the currents actually managed to pierce through the tough layer of ground.


 With a loud sound, the brown earth vein rushed up like a grand river.


 "What is this?" Bai Ning Bing and the other two did not know what was happening, they were shocked.


 Even though Fang Zheng knew, at this moment, he felt like he was seeing Evil Dragon Di Zang Sheng.


 As earth qi surged and flooded this battlefield, the earth path dao marks took over everything here, they corroded the surroundings.


 From the surging earth vein, Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue suddenly emerged.


 Xi Land was above Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s head, even though this secluded domain of heaven and earth was extremely damaged now, it was still useful. It was used earlier to draw all of the earth qi upwards earlier.


 Meanwhile, Calamity Luck Altar was in charge of changing the direction of the earth vein on top of that effect, eventually creating this scene where the earth vein surged upwards!


 "Longevity Heaven actually worked together with Demon Immortal Qi Jue?!" Fang Zheng was internally shocked.


 Originally, under Qin Ding Ling’s deployment, Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses encircled Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 The two sides fought intensely, Heavenly Court was unable to defeat them, while Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue could not escape either.


 Bing Sai Chuan thus communicated with Demon Immortal Qi Jue, they knew the situation was not looking good.


 The two were genuine experts with lots of experience, they were suspicious about Qin Ding Ling’s attitude and felt deeply worried.


 Thus, the two sides cooperated seamlessly.



***
Chapter 2062 Insanity


***





 



 In order to break Heavenly Court’s encirclement, Longevity Heaven and Demon Immortal Qi Jue collaborated, they made use of the earth vein to find a way out of Qin Ding Ling’s arrangement.


 After Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi Jue left the earth vein, they quickly split up as they ascended to the upper layers.


 Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses also appeared after them.


 Qin Ding Ling transmitted her voice to Fang Zheng: "Stop them!"


 Even before her order, Fang Zheng was already prepared to do so.


 Boom!


 Demon Judgment Board shook intensely, a huge blood red beam of light shot towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Calamity Luck Altar.


 The terrifying power of the attack made Miao Yin and Black Tigress shake internally.


 In order to capture the three of them alive, Fang Zheng had been quite restricted, its current attack displayed the true power of Demon Judgment Board!


 The intense blood red light assaulted, Calamity Luck Altar and Demon Immortal Qi were obstructed for a moment, they swiftly blocked it, Qin Ding Ling quickly arrived and tangled with them.


 "Good job, Fang Zheng! After you’re done with those three immortals, come here and work together to deal with these people." Qin Ding Ling ordered again.


 At this moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s battle strength had fallen greatly after the fight against Spectral Soul, but as long as he worked with Calamity Luck Altar, they were evenly matched with Heavenly Court. Where was Qin Ding Ling getting her confidence from?


 "Yes." Fang Zheng had a serious expression, the moment he received his orders, Bai Ning Bing attacked abruptly.


 In fact, Bai Ning Bing’s ice path killer move had been prepared for some time, but Fang Zheng did not pay any attention to it. He had once controlled Demon Judgment Board to fight against rank eight ice path Gu Immortal Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, he was attacked by the snowman race’s immortal suppression coffin killer move. Fang Zheng still had a deep memory of that battle even now, compared to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, Bai Ning Bing was just rank seven, she was far inferior to him!


 However, after Bai Ning Bing activated her killer move, Fang Zheng’s expression changed.


 Bai Ning Bing did not attack Demon Judgment Board, instead, she targeted Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress!


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng could only change his tactic in a fluster, blood red fog enveloped Miao Yin and Black Tigress at the crucial moment, blocking Bai Ning Bing’s attack.


 "Bai Ning Bing, are you crazy! You actually attacked us!!" Fairy Miao Yin broke out in cold sweat as she screamed.


 "No! This might be the best way." Black Tigress’ expression was shaken but she quickly understood it.


 Fairy Miao Yin was dazed, soon, she also got it.


 Fairy Zi Wei was once the leader of Heavenly Court, she knew everything about Heavenly Court. She had informed Ying Wu Xie and the rest about the details of the Immortal Gu Houses, Miao Yin, Bai Ning Bing, and White Rabbit were naturally not kept in the dark.


 Because earlier, even though Spectral Soul led them, Fairy Zi Wei and the rest did not have an Immortal Gu House, they were weaker compared to Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court.


 Thus, Fairy Zi Wei used information to make up for this gap.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng understood Bai Ning Bing and the rest quite well, but similarly, Bai Ning Bing and the rest also had a good understanding of Fang Zheng and Demon Judgment Board.


 Especially the Immortal Gu House, its methods were difficult to change after creation, the more exceptional the Immortal Gu House, the more likely this was the case.


 Why?


 Taking Demon Judgment Board for an example, it was a top tier rank eight Immortal Gu House. Its abilities had reached the limit of a certain aspect, it was extremely hard to modify. Even if there were any good ideas, they might not be experimented on regarding this Immortal Gu House. Demon Judgment Board was extremely complex and was made of countless Gu worms. A single modification would change the entire structure, it would mean a complete makeover, that was as good as creating a new Immortal Gu House from scratch.


 Fairy Miao Yin was not stupid, she had just failed to react at the first moment.


 Now, she started to understand: "Southern Border’s Tie clan has Demon Suppression Tower, it most excels at imprisonment, but Heavenly Court’s Demon Judgment Board does not use such methods. Heavenly Court must have ordered Fang Zheng to capture us all alive. Thus, when fighting, Fang Zheng is very restricted, only against Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Calamity Luck Altar earlier, he used his full strength!"


 As for why he wanted to capture them, the answer was obvious — to find Fang Yuan!


 Fairy Zi Wei had constructed the wisdom path formation in front of all these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, finally managing to deduce Fang Yuan’s location. Why would Qin Ding Ling not know about their value?


 Using this as the starting point, Fairy Miao Yin soon guessed: "It seems that Fang Yuan escaped successfully, Heavenly Court wants to capture us and use us to find Fang Yuan in the future. Even though they lack a wisdom path great expert now, Central Continent’s ten great sects did not suffer losses, they have many wisdom path candidates. Furthermore, Fairy Zi Wei’s true inheritance has already been contributed to Heavenly Court, the wisdom path formation is likely part of the inheritance."


 Thinking of this, Fairy Miao Yin thought of Bai Ning Bing and gritted her teeth: "Bai Ning Bing, you lunatic!"


 But at the next moment, Fairy Miao Yin stared with her eyes wide open.


 Bai Ning Bing’s insanity was beyond what she had expected, she actually dispelled the killer move Bai Xiang, she returned to a body of flesh and blood!


 "Come, Fang Zheng, attack me!" Bai Ning Bing shouted as she moved like a white light, circling around Demon Judgment Board as she shot out countless icicles.


 The icicles landed on Demon Judgment Board but could not penetrate it, only leaving behind some icy marks.


 "Hahaha!" Black Tigress laughed loudly, she did the same thing as Bai Ning Bing, dispelling her defense and joining the battle.


 "She went insane too!" Miao Yin sighed.


 Black Tigress was ruthless and vicious, her nature was the opposite of White Rabbit. When she resolved herself, she even disregarded her own life.


 The three immortals attacked Demon Judgment Board, especially Bai Ning Bing and Black Tigress who gave up on defense, they invested all of their energy into attacking, Fang Zheng was actually feeling quite troubled.


 He wanted to capture these three female immortals alive, he did not want to kill them. Qin Ding Ling had already informed him, it would be best to get more clues to deduce Fang Yuan’s location. If one of them was killed, it could lead to a failure in the deduction next time. Fang Zheng knew the heavy responsibility on him.


 But the Immortal Gu House Demon Judgment Board’s weakest aspect was the lack of methods to capture others. When Demon Judgment Board was created, which person in Heavenly Court would consider this aspect?


 Demon Judgment Board, naturally by looking at its name, it meant killing demonic path Gu cultivators. What was the point of capturing them?


 In this aspect,, Qin Ding Ling seemed to have made a mistake in asking Demon Judgment Board to capture them, but she had no other choices at the moment.


 Among Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses, Demon Judgment Board had the strongest investigative ability. Even though Fang Zheng’s cultivation level was low, Demon Judgment Board had an abundance of rank eight immortal essence and the wills of the past Demon Judgment Board Lords, it could display its full battle strength!


 However, all Immortal Gu Houses had a fatal weakness, they were not flexible enough in terms of methods.


 Demon Judgment Board was no exception, it was a final product that could not be altered. After it was created, its methods had always been the same until now, there had been no changes.


 Fang Zheng fell into an awkward spot.


 Using Demon Judgment Board, he had the upper hand, Bai Ning Bing and the rest were not his match. But just Demon Judgment Board alone could not capture them alive.


 In terms of flexibility of methods, Gu Immortals far surpassed Immortal Gu Houses.


 In the past, when facing this situation, the Demon Judgment Board Lords would take action personally. But Fang Zheng only had rank seven cultivation level, if he left Demon Judgment Board, Bai Ning Bing and the rest would be able to turn this around.


 Right now, if Fang Zheng had a rank eight Gu Immortal helping him, it would be sufficient.


 But why would he be given an assistant?


 In the eyes of Qin Ding Ling and the rest, wasn’t Demon Judgment Board enough? He still needed more help?


 Heavenly Court’s manpower was extremely lacking now, they could not deal with the situation easily.


 "No, Lady Qin Ding Ling’s arrangement was logical, but I actually encountered two lunatics! It made the logical deployment completely illogical." Fang Zheng thought.


 Who would be so crazy as to give up on defense against a strong enemy and only choose to attack?


 Wasn’t that courting death?


 But Bai Ning Bing and Black Tigress did that.


 And amazingly, the results were quite favorable for them.


 During the intense battle, Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly: "Gu Yue Fang Zheng, don’t you want revenge? Kill me, don’t you want to kill me? Come take action!"


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng was silent.


 Bai Ning Bing continued to provoke him: "This is why you are just a dog that Heavenly Court adopted. Your enemy is right in front of you but you do not even have the courage to try killing me. You are far inferior to your brother Fang Yuan!"


 Hearing her provocative speech, not just Fairy Miao Yin, even Black Tigress was stunned.


 She thought: "Hmph, I thought I was crazy enough to give up my defense. But looking at Bai Ning Bing, I pale in comparison."


 Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress were very worried while Gu Yue Fang Zheng fell into silence.


 Hearing Gu Yue Fang Yuan’s name again, he could not help but raise his head, looking at the blood text above his head.


 The blood text formed into a giant name list, the rankings and names on it changed constantly.


 Not long ago, Spectral Soul, who stood at the top of the list, vanished, replacing him was the person at the second position —


 Gu Yue Fang Yuan!


 Defeated Heavenly Court, destroyed Fate, killed Spectral Soul!


 The number one demon of the five regions and two heavens!!


 Fang Zheng smiled bitterly.


 Regardless of time and place, even though he was the great Demon Judgment Board Lord, Fang Yuan’s name was still hanging above his head, Fang Yuan was still casting a shadow down on his life.


 "Killing everyone on the Demon Judgment Board list is the grand ambition of the past generations of owners. But I know that I am not Fang Yuan’s match. For all my life, I could only look at his shadow and hear about his legends. But..."


 "Bai Ning Bing!"


 "You are merely ranked twenty-seventh on this list."


 "Do you really think I won’t dare to kill you?"


 "Where does your confidence come from?!"


 Fang Zheng shouted loudly as Demon Judgment Board charged ahead as he spoke, in a breath of time, he arrived in front of Bai Ning Bing.


 Intense winds blew towards her.


 Bai Ning Bing had no time to dodge, at the next moment, Demon Judgment Board would crush her entire body to a pulp, she would die undoubtedly!


 "No!" Fairy Miao Yin shouted in her head as her seven hands moved, shooting out profound sounds.


 The profound sounds were multi-layered and attacked rapidly but they could not stop Demon Judgment Board.


 Black Tigress spat out a mouthful of blood, she activated a method to block it but Demon Judgment Board still rampaged unhindered.


 The two immortals could only watch in despair as Demon Judgment Board crashed into Bai Ning Bing and pressed down on her harshly!



***
Chapter 2063 Number One Immortal Gu House In The World


***





 



 Earth Abyss battlefield.


 Boom!


 Hit by Heavenly Court’s attack, Calamity Luck Altar shook intensely, Bing Sai Chuan had a cold expression inside it.


 Legendary immemorial beast Mao Li Qiu exploded and shouted: "Let this Grandpa Mao go out and kill them all!"


 Five Elements Grandmaster shouted: "Grandpa Mao, this place has a huge hole, we need to repair it together."


 Mao Li Qiu snorted as it helped to repair Calamity Luck Altar, it mumbled: "Taking hits like this feels really terrible! Bing Sai Chuan, Calamity Luck Altar was given to you to control, don’t ruin master’s reputation and prestige."


 Bing Sai Chuan frowned as he answered: "Mao Li Qiu, take a look outside, there is someone who is even worse than us."


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was the one that Bing Sai Chuan referred to.


 He was indeed in a sorry state, Spectral Soul’s self-detonation caused his Xi Land to suffer huge damage, but it was his greatest reliance since reviving. Even though he had many exceptional true inheritances, he did not have time to modify killer moves. Thus, his qi path methods were all old fashioned, only killer moves that used Xi Land as the core were strong enough to be used in the battlefield.


 But now, Xi Land was heavily damaged, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s battle strength fell sharply.


 "This cannot go on, Heavenly Court likely has strong reinforcements! Longevity Heaven, we need to work together again." Demon Immortal Qi Jue transmitted with great difficulty.


 "Right now, Heavenly Court is at its weakest throughout history, why would they have reinforcements?" Mao Li Qiu mumbled.


 "Don’t be careless, nobody can truly assess Heavenly Court’s foundation." After replying to Mao Li Qiu, Bing Sai Chuan agreed to Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s request for cooperation.


 He had also sensed something amiss.


 Thus, Calamity Luck Altar first exploded with a strong attack and shielded Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Next, Demon Immortal Qi Jue gritted his teeth and summoned Xi Land, drawing upon the endless earth qi.


 Calamity Luck Altar took over again, pulling upon the gradually declining earth vein.


 "Hmph, trying the same trick again, you all are simply looking down on me!" Qin Ding Ling suddenly left the Immortal Gu House, she came to the outside world and used a luck path killer move.


 The killer move’s golden light shined everywhere, Bing Sai Chuan’s expression changed, he quickly withdrew his hand like it was bitten by a snake.


 "So close! This killer move vaguely counters Calamity Luck Altar. If I was slow, Calamity Luck Altar would have to resist the pressure of the earth vein, it would be suppressed and unable to escape, becoming an easy target." Bing Sai Chuan sighed to himself, Qin Ding Ling’s method was out of his expectations.


 Without Calamity Luck Altar’s guidance, the newly rising earth vein started to fall again.


 But Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s and Calamity Luck Altar’s efforts were not in vain, giant pillars of earth vein tributaries spewed out randomly in all directions, towards the sky and ground.


 An earth vein tributary that was like a yellow-brown river flowed across the battlefield of Demon Judgment Board and Bai Ning Bing’s group.


 The three immortals were sustaining the battle with difficulty, resisting Demon Judgment Board.


 Bai Ning Bing was still alive.


 Even though she was crushed by Demon Judgment Board earlier, at the crucial moment, she used Bai Xiang once again.


 Demon Judgment Board dodged, unwilling to fall into the earth vein tributary.


 "Even heaven is helping me!" Seeing this scene, Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shined with bright light, she felt surprised and joyful.


 Her body suddenly expanded from fifteen feet to over twenty feet instantly.


 "The time to escape is now!" Bai Ning Bing stretched out her hands to Miao Yin and Black Tigress.


 The two hesitated for a moment before allowing Bai Ning Bing to grab onto their hands.


 Bai Ning Bing did not hesitate, she jumped into the earth vein tributary immediately!


 "Don’t think of leaving!" Fang Zheng gritted his teeth as he drove Demon Judgment Board into the tributary as well.


 The earth vein was extremely large, even the tributary was huge, after Demon Judgment Board entered it, it was like a small fish had entered the river.


 "No, we can’t escape. Demon Judgment Board is a rank eight Immortal Gu House!" Fairy Miao Yin’s expression was pale.


 After a short while, Bai Ning Bing was already unable to hold on.


 A vast amount of earth path dao marks corroded her body, Bai Xiang was on the verge of collapsing, even though Miao Yin and Black Tigress were doing their best in terms of defense.


 Bai Ning Bing smiled coldly, she was not flustered: "Of course we cannot match Demon Judgment Board, but now, it will depend on how resolute Gu Yue Fang Zheng is. Hehe."


 At the moment of life and death, Bai Ning Bing actually laughed.


 She turned around and dispelled Bai Xiang, exposing her true body.


 Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress had already resolved themselves, they charged towards Demon Judgment Board alongside Bai Ning Bing.


 "You people?!" Gu Yue Fang Zheng was shocked to see that Bai Ning Bing and the rest dispelled their defenses, he had to use a rainbow of blood red light to envelop the three immortals.


 After receiving Demon Judgment Board’s help, the three immortals were saved from the outcome of getting crushed by the earth vein.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng felt a huge rock weighing on him internally!


 What was this?


 He actually became the one who helped Bai Ning Bing and the rest!


 But Gu Yue Fang Zheng had to do this, he had to complete the mission given by Qin Ding Ling and capture them alive.


 "Gu Yue Fang Zheng, do you have any method to capture us? If Demon Judgment Board had it, you would have used it already. In this situation, you will need to leave the Immortal Gu House and use your own methods! Come, let us take a chance." Bai Ning Bing could not speak, she could only think internally.


 If they lost, they would be captured and left helpless. Once their value was extracted, they would be killed, becoming the sacrifices to raise Heavenly Court’s reputation.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng stared with wide eyes, gritting his teeth tightly.


 Bai Ning Bing had won this bet!


 Fang Zheng did not have any special method to capture them.


 Unless he took a chance and brought all three immortals into the Immortal Gu House.


 But if Fang Zheng did that, he would be too stupid! Because that was simply letting the enemies into his territory. Just Fang Zheng alone could not deal with the three immortals.


 "You are very crafty, but so what?" Fang Zheng said through the gaps between his teeth: "If I capture you, you will still live for some time. But now, you will die. Congratulations, your efforts in battle have reaped you such great rewards."


 Fang Zheng spoke sarcastically before abandoning Bai Ning Bing and the rest, leaving the earth vein using Demon Judgment Board.


 The strong Demon Judgment Board could not stay in the earth vein for long. Just this short period destroyed most of Demon Judgment Board’s mortal Gu.


 Without Demon Judgment Board’s protection, Bai Ning Bing felt an immense pressure, their lives were at stake, they struggled at death’s door.


 "Maybe Fang Zheng was right after all." Fairy Miao Yin smiled bitterly.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted.


 "What’s that?" Black Tigress suddenly shouted.


 The three immortals were like tiny bugs flowing along the earth vein tributary. From the boundless brown color surrounding them, a dark hole suddenly appeared.


 "Go!" The three immortals had no choice, at the crucial final moment, they went into the dark hole precariously.


 At almost the same time.


 In a dense and lush forest on the surface, Fairy Zi Wei, Ying Wu Xie, and Old Man Zheng Yuan were traveling.


 "This distance is not safe enough, we will continue moving." Fairy Zi Wei saw that Ying Wu Xie was moving slowly, she quickly reminded.


 Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth but his expression was dazed, he said dejectedly: "My main body has died, what do we..."


 Fairy Zi Wei looked at Ying Wu Xie solemnly: "Even if the main body is dead, we still have you. Ying Wu Xie, you are his split soul, from today onwards, you are our master!"


 "But..." Ying Wu Xie was not feeling happy at all, he was in low spirits: "Even my main body died in battle, this entire world is no longer in Spectral Soul’s era."


 Fairy Zi Wei frowned slightly, she was about to console him when Old Man Zheng Yuan suddenly spoke: "Something is up, don’t move, let me deal with it!"


 At the next moment, he activated his killer move, his body shot out white light that enveloped the three immortals.


 After a few breaths of time, heaven and earth shook, birds flew out of the forest, a loud collision could be heard from afar, resounding throughout the place.


 The three immortals raised their heads, they saw that the sky was dyed green, a grand and majestic Immortal Gu House descended from the sky, it shrouded even the sun itself, moving rapidly even though it seemed slow.


 This Immortal Gu House was so big, it was definitely the number one in the world in terms of size. Its rank eight aura was vast as the sea, intimidating all living beings. Within the Immortal Gu House, clamor could be heard, it was filled with human vitality, seemingly comprising all kinds of people.


 "This is... Divine Emperor City?!" Ying Wu Xie was shocked.


 "Divine Emperor City was created by combining Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City. Isn’t it stationary at the largest gathering point of Central Continent’s human vein? It could actually move?" Old Man Zheng Yuan was shocked as well.


 Fairy Zi Wei pondered: "This Immortal Gu House was made by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, there must be a reason for its movement. Strange, why didn’t Qin Ding Ling relocate this house into Heavenly Court during the battle earlier?"


 "So that’s it." Old Man Zheng Yuan used his human path methods to investigate, he found something.


 "Too strong, this Immortal Gu House is too strong!" Old Man Zheng Yuan’s body shook, he was greatly shocked by his discovery.


 "This Immortal Gu House contains countless people, it is filled with the profundity of human path. It can actually relocate the human vein gathering point with ease! Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s method is too amazing, his goals were too farsighted, he only exposed it now. Divine Emperor City gathers the strength of all the people inside, be they Gu Immortal, Gu Master, or mortal, they are gathered together and used in unison. Currently, this is likely the number one Immortal Gu House in the world!" Old Man Zheng Yuan praised, he sighed deeply.


 "So that’s it, it was a pity that Genesis Lotus miscalculated, this Divine Emperor City did not make it to the fate war in time." Ying Wu Xie said.


 Fairy Zi Wei shook her head lightly: "How can a venerable fail his scheme so easily? There are extremely deep secrets behind all these, don’t come up with a conclusion so casually."


 The three immortals stopped in their tracks and hid in the forest, concealing their auras, as Divine Emperor City went past them and entered Earth Abyss, they finally let out sighs of relief.


 "Let’s go." Fairy Zi Wei was ready to move.


 But Old Man Zheng Yuan stopped on the spot, smiling bitterly: "I cannot follow after the two of you anymore."


 Ying Wu Xie was surprised: "Why?"


 Old Man Zheng Yuan sighed: "That Divine Emperor City has already become the gathering point of human path in the world, since I cultivate human path, I am restricted by it. Earlier, it probably sensed me but because there was something more important, it chose to ignore me. To play safe, I should part with master and Zi Wei."


 Ying Wu Xie’s expression was grim, they suffered a setback again. Before this battle, Shadow Sect was full of people and prospered for some time. Now, only him and Fairy Zi Wei were left.


 It was truly pitiful!


 "Maybe trying to kill Fang Yuan was a terrible mistake!" Ying Wu Xie gritted his teeth, he felt extremely bitter internally.



***
Chapter 2064 Captured Alive


***





 



 Divine Emperor City was filled with noise and commotion.


 The hundreds of thousands of people living in the city were looking towards the sky.


 Profound green light had covered the sky of Divine Emperor City. Not only this, the city gates were also closed and guarded heavily.


 "What in the world is going on?"


 "You don’t know? There were notices posted at the city gates, announcing the city will be closed for a period of time. During this time period, there will be abnormal phenomena and there is no need to panic."


 "I also heard of this notice, but I did not expect such a huge and grand phenomenon."


 The city residents discussed with relative calmness, no large scale chaos emerged.


 Northern city area.


 "Where did that fellow Hong Yi go?" Cao Yu sighed as he walked out of a dark alley.


 Accompanying him was Xie Lan.


 The two were Universal Life Academy’s disciples, who were ordered to search for Hong Yi after he disappeared.


 Regretfully, they had been at Divine Emperor City for two to three months now and had yet to make any progress.


 Xie Lan frowned: "We have almost finished combing through Divine Emperor City by now and have contacted a dozen or so information path Gu Masters, but have not gotten any news regarding Hong Yi. This is probably the worst case scenario."


 Cao Yu’s eyes opened wide: "Are you saying Hong Yi entered a painting world? How can that be?"


 Xie Lan looked around in a hurry and lowered his voice: "Keep your voice down, such secret news have been circulating in the city recently. Painting worlds were arranged by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, they can take in the city residents and return them safely after a period of time. Especially these days, how many Gu Masters have come to Divine Emperor City because they heard this rumor and wanted to find an immortal opportunity?"


 Cao Yu was at a loss: "If Hong Yi really is inside a painting world, how are we going to find him?"


 Xie Lan was silent for a while before saying with a sigh: "If that is the case, then we can only wait."


 Eastern city area.


 "Master, please take care." A female Gu Master sent her master off.


 Most of the surrounding pedestrians were staring at the phenomenon in the sky, only a few were astonished at this sight.


 The female Gu Master was a renowned refinement path master who was ranked among the top hundred in the Refinement Path Convention, and she was actually being so courteous to an unknown Gu Master.


 This unknown Gu Master was wearing a long robe and a straw hat which hid his appearance under the shadows.


 The unknown Gu Master moved cautiously and maintained his silence as he disappeared into the corner of the street.


 "What exactly is going on? Such a phenomenon is definitely a Gu Immortal’s doing." The unknown Gu Master moved along the empty alley and raised his head slightly to glance at the strange scene in the sky.


 "Sigh, I did not expect to encounter such trouble in this trip to exchange Gu materials in the city. I just hope my identity won’t be exposed."


 "Just in case, I will choose a remote tavern to stay in until the city gates open again."


 The unknown Gu Master was worried.


 This person was Ben Duo Yi, who was taught the nature Gu refinement technique by Gu Immortal Yu Mu Chun.


 He cultivated day and night, making huge progress. However, the cost of cultivating refinement path was high, and with no one else to depend upon, he had to frequently sell the refined Gu to purchase cultivation resources.


 He was a hairy man and was hiding his appearance by using Gu worms. He had to move with caution in this gathering area of humans.


 All kinds of people lived in Divine Emperor City, there were even rank six Gu Immortals.


 But no one could imagine that under the cover of the profound green light, Divine Emperor City had not only left its original spot, it even flew towards Ancient Soul Sect and entered Earth Abyss to fight Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Calamity Luck Altar!


 Immortal killer move — Great Qi Cloud Explosion.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s killer move struck Divine Emperor City but it only raised slight ripples on the surface of the profound green light.


 "This is probably the number one Immortal Gu House in the present age!" Even a person like Demon Immortal Qi Jue felt demoralized.


 His current strength was simply unable to shake Divine Emperor City.


 "So Qin Ding Ling’s trump card was this Divine Emperor City!" Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan looked extremely serious.


 Calamity Luck Altar was left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, while Divine Emperor City was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. In this confrontation between the two, Divine Emperor City firmly won against Calamity Luck Altar and by a huge margin!


 Calamity Luck Altar was not huge, and when compared to Divine Emperor City now, it looked even smaller.


 The number one large size Immortal Gu House in history, Divine Emperor City, was like a colossal jade cloud that seemed to cover heaven and earth as it obstructed Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Calamity Luck Altar’s escape route.


 And in the rear, Qin Ding Ling led the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals. Among the several Immortal Gu Houses, Demon Judgment Board was at the front, taking the position of the vanguard.


 As the intense battle started, Divine Emperor City suddenly let out loud human voices, following which, the profound green light bubbled and formed a huge whirlpool.


 The whirlpool blew out spiraling green wind that covered Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s expression changed greatly, he could only take out the damaged Xi Land. But Xi Land was also unable to block this move, and at the next moment, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was absorbed into Divine Emperor City!


 "Divine Emperor City suppressed Demon Immortal Qi Jue!" Inside Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan and the rest were horrified.


 Even if Demon Immortal Qi Jue only had the damaged Xi Land, he had pseudo venerable battle strength. They did not expect there to be no disturbance in Divine Emperor City after he was absorbed.


 Divine Emperor City’s might shook the minds of Longevity Heaven’s immortals.


 It was no wonder Qin Ding Ling confronted them resolutely and had such a huge ambition as well!


 "This is an emergency!" Bing Sai Chuan exclaimed in fright and activated the strongest method of Calamity Luck Altar without hesitating any more.


 Golden lights shot out from Calamity Luck Altar and covered the surroundings.


 The lights formed a broken path. The path extended far away, passing through the surface layer without damaging a single rock.


 "Longevity Heaven, where are you trying to go!" Qin Ding Ling was aware that it was the crucial moment, she resolutely attacked and disturbed Calamity Luck Altar.


 She cultivated luck path and opposed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable her whole life, and being an immortal concubine of Giant Sun before, she had a deep understanding regarding Calamity Luck Altar.


 Calamity Luck Altar’s method was disturbed by Qin Ding Ling; the golden path started shaking immediately, unable to maintain stability.


 At this moment, the profound green light around Divine Emperor City formed another whirlpool.


 "Are we also going to be captured by Heavenly Court?" Hei Lou Lan’s heart sank as she sensed the worsening situation.


 At this crucial moment, Five Elements Grandmaster hesitated for a bit before coming forward: "Let me hold them back, you should all leave!"


 "No, little fellow, you cultivate formation path which will be very useful in the future. I, Grandpa Mao, am most suitable for this." Mao Li Qiu pushed Five Elements Grandmaster aside.


 "Grandpa Mao..." Five Elements Grandmaster was stunned. Mao Li Qiu’s status in Longevity Heaven was much higher than his. He had thought that sacrificing himself was the most sensible arrangement in this situation, but did not expect Mao Li Qiu to stop him.


 Under this situation, Heavenly Court would never go easy on them.


 Mao Li Qiu would probably lose its life if it went!


 Bing Sai Chuan took a deep look at Mao Li Qiu, Mao Li Qiu, however, said casually: "Bing Sai Chuan, I will leave Longevity Heaven to you. Don’t bring shame to Grandpa Mao, you must escape. Don’t disappoint master, otherwise I will haunt you even if I turned into a ghost."


 Bing Sai Chuan gritted his teeth: "Hmph, so much nonsense. Even if you die, make sure you die in the most brilliant way."


 He had fought alongside Mao Li Qiu many times before and had deep friendship although they were quite rude towards each other. It was the way of these Northern Plainsmen, they only knew to express themselves with rough language.


 Mao Li Qiu laughed heartily: "Then you can rest assured, I am most proficient in this!"


 Bing Sai Chuan quickly opened the Immortal Gu House and closed it immediately. In that single moment, Mao Li Qiu had charged out.


 "Come fight me, little ones of Heavenly Court!" Mao Li Qiu charged forward bravely.


 In an instant, Demon Judgment Board was sent flying by Mao Li Qiu.


 Mao Li Qiu fought madly and was soon soaked in blood with many bone fractures.


 Its laughter however became more resonant and its aura kept on rising.


 Divine Emperor City activated the spiraling green wind towards Calamity Luck Altar again.


 Mao Li Qiu clicked its tongue as it flew forward and blocked the spiraling green wind with its body. At the next moment, like Demon Immortal Qi Jue, it was locked onto by the green wind and absorbed into the profound green light.


 Using this crucial time, Calamity Luck Altar turned into a lump of light that escaped through the golden path.


 Divine Bean Palace, painting world.


 Boom!


 Boom!!


 Within short intervals of time, two enormous explosions reverberated throughout the whole painting world.


 "What’s going on?" Fairy Bi Xia and the rest were shocked and bewildered. They were cultivating with all their efforts inside the painting world and were completely unaware of what was going on outside Divine Emperor City.


 "Something big has happened, Fang Di Chang." Shen Shang went up to Fang Di Chang with an excited expression.


 Fang Di Chang was curled up in the corner of the alley, he was dirty and messy and his clothes were ragged. There was a bamboo cane beside him and a broken bowl in front of him.


 He raised his head to look at Shen Shang and begged: "Lord, please give me something to eat, I have not eaten for three days and three nights now."


 While secretly, he transmitted his voice: "Brother Shen, what happened?"


 Shen Shang transmitted his reply: "I am not sure about the exact details. But two large paintings have been added at the edges of the painting world. Qi currents are gathered in one painting with wind howling all the time. The other painting is mysterious with beastly roars resounding again and again."


 Fang Di Chang’s eyes shined with bright light, he felt deep interest.


 He was schemed against by Genesis Lotus’s will, and his will had to escape secretly. With Shen Shang’s help, the situation was showing improvement.


 Fang Di Chang did not know what happened outside the painting world. But this situation had appeared for the first time in the painting world. Maybe they could probe the deeper secrets of the painting world through this?


 Some days later.


 At some part of Southern Border.


 The fog in the valley dissipated and two people walked out.


 One had a handsome face with dragon horns on his head and imposing dragon pupils, he was rank eight enslavement path Gu Immortal Wu Shuai. The other was wearing white clothes, had black hair, deep pupils and fair skin, he was Gu Yue Fang Yuan.


 "Over three thousand heaven path dao marks have been refined, what should we do next?" Wu Shuai asked, "Should we go meet up with Lu Wei Yin first?"


 Fang Yuan, however, was staring at his palm with a complex expression, there was slight loss, some curiously, and some excitement on his face.


 His lips curled up into a captivating smile as he gave an irrelevant answer: "These three thousand heaven path dao marks are really amazing!"



***
Chapter 2065 Compound Killer Moves


***





 



 Divine Emperor City, painting world.


 Three yellow leopards charged out of the dense shrubs that resembled a huge forest.


 There were two female leopards and one male, they were growling at Ye Fan, while showing their sharp fangs that still had some bloody flesh hanging from them.


 Ye Fan was surrounded, his heart shook slightly: "The concealment ability of these three leopards is so strong, I only sensed them when they moved. As for their battle strength, I will know after fighting them."


 Thinking of this, Ye Fan immediately threw out several Gu worms.


 Boom boom boom.


 White smoke burst and spread, three valiant warriors appeared around Ye Fan.


 Human path Gu worm — vagrant warrior Gu.


 "Go." With Ye Fan’s command, the three vagrant warriors immediately split up to deal with one leopard each.


 Humans and beasts fought, after ten or so rounds, two of the vagrant warriors won while one lost.


 Ye Fan slightly nodded his head as he appraised inwardly: "Vagrant warrior Gu is rank three and is specialized in fighting enemies on the move. These three leopards are also very nimble and have around rank three battle strength."


 Ever since the Refinement Path Convention, Ye Fan had been cultivating inside the painting world. He not only had rank five hero Gu and rank three vagrant warrior Gu, he also had corresponding killer moves as well as relevant cultivation methods, so his progress was great.


 Even so, he was frowning slightly at this moment.


 "I have just entered the outside periphery of this growling beast painting world and there are already rank three strength enemies, it seems the level of this painting is rather high."


 "I wonder what progress Hong Yi is making over there? It is time, I should return and join with him."


 Ye Fan only came to probe some information. He was in charge of the growling beast painting world while Hong Yi went to inspect the qi howling painting world.


 Ye Fan turned around and met Hong Yi along the way.


 The two were like heroes who admired each other and had already become sworn brothers. While cultivating in the painting world, the two relied on each other as well as competed, the feeling of brotherhood deepened even more.


 After learning of the situation on the other’s side, the two brothers walked while pondering over it.


 "There is more to this than meets the eye."


 "Why would two paintings appear all of a sudden? Could it be, the painting world can continue to grow?"


 "Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s methods are indeed unfathomable!"


 "We cannot completely explore these two new worlds with just us two. The best thing is to borrow the strength of the residents of the painting world."


 "Yes, that makes sense."


 Soldiers guarded the city gates, people continued to move out of the city while a small portion entered from outside the city.


 The two newly added paintings brought a huge impact to the painting world. The painting world had limited space, while these two new paintings had vast space which attracted attention from everyone in the city, thus giving rise to a large wave of crazed exploration.


 Ye Fan and Hong Yi blended into the crowd and returned inconspicuously to the city. But the two were unaware that the moment they appeared in the city gate, they were noticed by some people.


 Shen Shang was sitting on the second floor of a teahouse near the city gate and was watching Ye Fan and Hong Yi, while talking with Fang Di Chang through voice transmission.


 "Look at these two, they have made a lot of progress again! Their bodies are emitting dense human qi, extraordinary, they will definitely have outstanding achievements in the future. Brother Fang Di Chang, if you return to your main body one day, you can inquire about these two. You might be able to make great use of them."


 Fang Di Chang was sitting near the entrance of the street in a beggar’s appearance. He replied secretly: "There is not much gap between immortal and mortal in the painting world. They have cultivated for so many days in here and are like fish in water, their strength can be said to be at the top level in here. Their exploration this time was quite short, if I had to deduce their journey, they probably only explored the periphery of the two paintings. From this, it can be deduced that these two painting worlds are very large, even Ye Fan and Hong Yi don’t want to enter the inner parts rashly."


 Shen Shang chuckled: "As expected of Brother Fang, the former wisdom immortal of Fang clan, you are able to see the overall situation from just a few clues. Ye Fan and Hong Yi want to borrow external force, we might as well save our energy for now. Look, the ten children of human path are here."


 In fact, even without Shen Shang’s reminder, there was already commotion at the other side of the street.


 With Xiao Qi Xing at the front, Fairy Bi Xia, Sun Yuan Hua, Sun Yao, Ying Sheng Ji, Chen Da Jiang, and the rest appeared together, immediately causing a disturbance.


 The passersby glanced at them and praised these ten people.


 Fang Di Chang’s gaze concentrated slightly, Xiao Qi Xing’s group was the one that Shen Shang called the ’ten children of human path’. Shen Shang had already explained this, saying these ten had abundant human qi. Although it was inferior to Hong Yi and Ye Fan, it far exceeded ordinary people and they would have their own unique splendor in the future.


 This was only natural.


 These ten were selected from Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects, they were Gu Immortal seeds Heavenly Court was cultivating. They were the ones who were specially supported to develop human path Gu Immortals.


 Even a pig which obtained the full support of Heavenly Court and Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects would have great accomplishments in the future.


 The ten children of human path showed their brilliance during the expedition against Fang Di Chang, their talents were showcased even more over this period of time and their progress was astonishing. They had become famous people in the painting world and were recognized by the city’s higher-ups, almost all the important tasks were entrusted to them.


 The painting world was currently in an uproar with the addition of the two large paintings. The ten children of human path received the command to become the main force in exploring them.


 "Besides the main culprit, Genesis Lotus’s will, these ten were the ones who forced me to escape with my will, my soul being destroyed. Don’t let me get any opportunity, otherwise I won’t mind cutting down your numbers." Fang Di Chang snorted coldly.


 Although only a will remained of him, his strength had recovered by a lot.


 This was all thanks to the mysterious and mystical human path!


 When Fang Di Chang was cultivating silently, he gained a much deeper understanding of human path. The most striking characteristic of human path was having a Gu worm transform into a human.


 For example, Hong Yi’s scholar Gu could transform into a scholar. Ye Fan’s hero Gu could transform into a hero.


 After transforming into humans, these scholar and hero Gu worms would have a common man’s wisdom. Their disposition, thoughts, and way of doing things would become different depending on their types as well.


 The most important thing was, when these Gu worms transformed into humans, they could use other Gu worms! Moreover their proficiency in using them originated from the Gu cultivator.


 This was a terrifying thing.


 Transforming the Gu worm into a human and giving them a group of Gu worms could instantly produce a Gu cultivator. Mortal level Gu worms that transformed into humans and could use other Gu worms were essentially regarded as Gu Masters. Immortal Gu transformed into humans were considered Gu Immortals!


 Fang Di Chang could not help but think of his main body’s sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Sovereign immortal fetus Gu’s effect and abilities were naturally not on the same level as these human path Gu worms, but they had a lot of similarities.


 People crowded around the ten children of human path and moved out of the city gate.


 This was the largest exploration scale.


 After quietly looking at this scene, Fang Di Chang returned to the deserted alley and silently waved his hand: "Men."


 Immediately, several beggars hurried towards him from their respective corners and greeted him with incomparable respect: "Sect leader, what instructions do you have for us?"


 "Send some brothers to follow the crowd. They only have to probe for information." Fang Di Chang instructed.


 Although the current him was formed from a beggar Gu, he was already a rank five five bags beggar[1].


 This was not all, he borrowed Shen Shang’s help to purchase large amounts of beggar Gu, and used a sect token Gu to form a killer move, establishing this Beggar Sect.


 At present, most of the beggars in the whole city were already under his command!


 ...


 Immortal killer move — Myriad Thought Sword Waterfall!


 Rumble!


 With a loud sound, a grand waterfall appeared. The silver waterfall was majestic and vast, it fell from the sky onto a hill.


 Each drop of water in this waterfall was a thought, it had the appearance of a sword.


 Within a few breaths of time, the hill was flattened.


 Fang Yuan stopped the killer move. The hill was completely gone and a shallow pool appeared in its place. The gurgling water was made of flowing sword thoughts.


 "Indeed, the killer move’s power has been increased by several times and it activates even more smoothly!" Fang Yuan meticulously observed the effects of the heaven path dao marks.


 After resolving the myriad tribulation, Fang Yuan was not in a hurry to meet Lu Wei Yin and instead searched for a place to rest and reorganize.


 The reason he used myriad thought sword waterfall was because this was not an ordinary killer move.


 Most killer moves were based on a single path and Gu worms of other paths could only be supplementary even if they were mixed in. For example, rule path’s five restriction profound light qi and time path’s time cutting edge.


 And there were some exceptional killer moves. They were compound killer moves which used two or more paths primarily. For instance, this myriad thought sword waterfall which was formed from the combination of wisdom path and sword path.


 Fang Yuan had a lot of such killer moves; myriad dragon, yama, great thief ghost hand, myriad ghost sword dragon, jade flow pearl, and so on. To go into details, myriad dragon was a compound killer move formed from enslavement path and transformation path, great thief ghost hand was formed from soul path and theft path, jade flow pearl was formed from refinement path and space path. Myriad ghost sword dragon was even more complex, it was formed from the merging of ancient sword dragon transformation, myriad self, yama child, emperor yama, and familiar face. Every usage of myriad ghost sword dragon expended four thousand soul path dao marks from Fang Yuan’s body.


 These compound killer moves were much more powerful than single path based killer moves. Enemies had to consider two or more paths to think of a countermeasure, so they were much more difficult to resist as well.


 These compound killer moves were normally used by Gu Immortals who cultivated multiple paths. For instance, Qin Bai Sheng cultivated soul path and metal path, he had a killer move called burning soul supreme gold which was a compound killer move formed from soul path and metal path. Every Gu Immortal who cultivated two paths had such killer moves; Heavenly Court’s Thunder Ghost True Monarch had them because she cultivated lightning path and soul path, Duke Long naturally had them as well.


 Because of conflicting dao marks, Gu Immortals who successfully cultivated multiple paths were very rare, so compound killer moves were also very rare in Gu Immortal world.


 Fang Yuan was able to cultivate many paths because of the sovereign immortal body, so he accumulated many compound killer moves.


 But even so, these compound killer moves could hardly be used at the top level.


 This was because although Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body did not have conflicting dao marks, the compound killer moves themselves would have a large internal friction because of their own conflicting dao marks, resulting in wastage of power.


 "But heaven path dao marks have greatly improved this situation." Fang Yuan was able to sense this acutely and even verified his guess.


 Right now, when he used compound killer moves like myriad thought sword waterfall, because of the reduced internal friction, the power had increased by several times!


 "According to my deduction, if I use myriad ghost sword dragon now, the previous consumption of four thousand soul path dao marks would be reduced by a lot. Because of the reduced internal friction, I don’t need to expend so many soul path dao marks to balance the strength of various paths."


 "Over three thousand heaven path dao marks still cannot remove this kind of internal friction completely, but what if the number increased even further?"


 "In the future, can I use the help of heaven path dao marks to create a killer move that contains every path?"


 At this point, besides the exception of certain unique methods, Fang Yuan no longer had interest in single path killer moves.


 He had discovered a new and vast world ahead of him!


 [1] The Beggar Sect in Jinyong novels uses the setting where each member carries at least one pouch-like bag and the number of bags he/she carries indicates his/her rank in the sect.



***
Chapter 2066 Never Give Up Until My Road Ends


***





 



 Fang Yuan was holding an information path Gu worm in his hand, the Gu worm had records of the previous battle of pursuit.


 Its contents were roughly: Heavenly Court had a huge victory, Spectral Soul was dead, Fang Yuan escaped, Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Mao Li Qiu were suppressed, Old Man Zheng Yuan was taken captive, Shadow Sect’s Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie were still on the run, Qi Sea Ancestor, Bai Ning Bing, Lady White Rabbit, and Fairy Miao Yin were missing, the probability of them being dead was high.


 "In this current age, even if there is no ranking chart of Immortal Gu Houses, Divine Emperor City is worthy of being the number one Immortal Gu House." Fang Yuan sighed.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, information path great experts had jointly let out many ranking charts. There was fierce competition on every ranking chart, Immortal Gu House ranking was also the same.


 But Divine Emperor City had not appeared back then.


 Fang Yuan’s rebirth had led to all kinds of huge changes, now, even before the Immortal Gu House ranking was published, Divine Emperor City firmly held the position of number one.


 "If this continues, even if there is an Immortal Gu House ranking in the future, Divine Emperor City’s number one position will be immovable." Fang Yuan estimated.


 Divine Emperor City could suppress Mao Li Qiu and Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Fang Yuan was not astonished by this.


 Divine Emperor City was created by merging Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City, although it did not have a rank nine Immortal Gu and was not a rank nine Immortal Gu House, it contained painting worlds.


 This was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s contented lifestyle killer move. It was a human path killer move with painting path effect that formed paintings of the lives of people. It was a rank nine level venerable killer move.


 Against venerable methods, Duke Long was defeated and Di Zang Sheng was brought to its knees. Even if Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s Xi Land was not damaged, he would still only be at pseudo venerable level, and Mao Li Qiu was some distance away from being at pseudo venerable level.


 "My Myriad Year Flying Warship and Dragon Palace are destroyed, even if they were still here, they would only be at peak rank eight level. Divine Emperor City can be considered to be half a rank nine Immortal Gu House. If Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had not been destroyed back then, it could contest for the number one position."


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was refined by Long Hair Ancestor and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable together. It was divided into countless small towers that gathered wild Gu worms. After combining into one, they would form the main building and could even dispel calamities and tribulations.


 When Giant Sun Immortal Venerable passed away, he had left behind Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, which could control the whole of Northern Plains’ political situation even though Giant Sun had already died. Northern Plains held countless Imperial Court contests, and the Huang Jin bloodline was able to hold supreme status in Northern Plains’ immortal and mortal world mainly due to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 At present, Divine Emperor City was the largest gathering point of Central Continent’s human veins. It was the largest storage and cultivation ground of Central Continent’s geniuses, a sacred land of human path. Looking at the setup, it was similar to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Even Fang Yuan felt wariness towards such an Immortal Gu House.


 As for why Heavenly Court publicized this battle information, Fang Yuan understood it fully.


 Heavenly Court was in dire need of a surge in morale.


 Ever since their defeat in the fate war when Fang Yuan destroyed fate Gu in front of the whole world, Heavenly Court was simply stripped of its backbone. They lost their spiritual banner and it was even trampled on by Fang Yuan.


 This outcome had enormous influence, the whole of Central Continent was covered in looming shadow. Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were furious and filled with hatred but were already fearful. The morale of Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects fell much more and most were dispirited.


 Central Continent was facing four regions and its situation was truly dangerous. If they were thought to be weak and easily bullied, when the five regions chaotic war starts, they would be besieged by the other four regions. At that time, even if Central Continent was strong like a tiger, they would still be torn to pieces by the hyenas.


 Releasing this information would stabilize the internal forces and also frighten external forces, and Qin Ding Ling had to do this! Hiding the battle results might have some tactical advantages, but Qin Ding Ling was the leader of Heavenly Court and had to consider the whole world. So, she chose to give up the tactical advantage to recover the declining situation.


 "Heavenly Court is filled with talents, even without a great expert like Fairy Zi Wei, they have Qin Ding Ling to stabilize the overall situation. Heavenly Court’s foundation is extremely deep, it is not just a front." Fang Yuan sighed, he approved of Qin Ding Ling’s decisiveness. He would do the same if it were him.


 At their level, the five regions and two heavens were a chessboard. Fighting each other without any plans or vision might let them show off their strength for some time but it would lead them to a disastrous defeat.


 Looking back at the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan.


 There was no doubt that the biggest loser was Shadow Sect. Spectral Soul with pseudo venerable battle strength died, while the members were dead, missing, fleeing, or captured.


 Next was Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s losses were severe!


 Currently, the whole sovereign immortal aperture was in a miserable state. The vibrant Mini Southern Border was turned into ruins with only a few resource points remaining. The other four mini regions and the mini nine heavens were also not much better.


 Many variant humans and humans died despite receiving Fang Yuan’s protection.


 The previous Combat Beast King had fallen into a coma after blocking the myriad tribulation and had yet to wake up.


 The loss in Immortal Gu was also the largest that Fang Yuan had ever experienced in his life.


 First, two rank eight Immortal Gu Houses were destroyed. Dragon Palace’s core Immortal Gu, Dream Token, was preserved, along with Myriad Year Flying Warship’s Years Flow Like Water, but they were injured and needed to recuperate. Many other Immortal Gu were destroyed in the battle, including Precaution, Fight, and so on.


 There were many losses to earth path Gu worms as well. Although Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress still remained, Spectral Soul’s self-detonation was terrifying. By blocking this attack, Fang Yuan had lost seven earth path Immortal Gu and countless mortal Gu.


 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress was heavily weakened as a result.


 Over this period of time, Fang Yuan had experienced the fate war, defended against myriad tribulations and the pursuit of others, his rank eight immortal essence was already close to drying up. He had almost finished all the immortal essence he had painstakingly accumulated before the fate war.


 He had just made some progress in the Twelve Zodiac battle formation, but after the battle with Spectral Soul, he had to gather them again.


 There was only a little of Reverse Flow River left, it could not be used.


 Unlimited qi sea’s strength had fallen to rock bottom and could no longer be considered a trump card.


 Fang Yuan did not obtain any battle spoils from Spectral Soul. Spectral Soul’s self-detonation had destroyed everything completely.


 Undoubtedly, Spectral Soul was extremely hard to deal with, even in death, he did not leave behind any benefits to Fang Yuan.


 After the chase, Fang Yuan’s greatest gain was preserving his life, as well as over three thousand heaven path dao marks and the Qi Sea clone. He did not possess them originally, they were his gains from the fate war and from scheming against Heavenly Court. They had no association with Spectral Soul.


 Even though Spectral Soul was dead, Fang Yuan also suffered in the aftermath.


 Shadow Sect and Fang Yuan were losers, so was Longevity Heaven. They lost Mao Li Qiu, a legendary immemorial beast, and did not have any battle gains. It was just that when compared to Shadow Sect and Fang Yuan, their losses were much fewer.


 After this was Demon Immortal Qi Jue, who lost a lot but also made a few gains. Demon Immortal Qi Jue had extorted many inheritances from Spectral Soul and Fang Yuan with no lack of venerable true inheritances. But his Xi Land was heavily damaged and he lost his freedom as well, imprisoned by Divine Emperor City.


 So, this battle’s biggest winner was Heavenly Court.


 Spectral Soul died and Fang Yuan escaped with heavy losses. Heavenly Court then defeated Longevity Heaven, Calamity Luck Altar escaped Central Continent in a panic. Divine Emperor City suppressed Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Mao Li Qiu. Qin Ding Ling’s group captured Old Man Zheng Yuan and put up a bounty for Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie. Qi Sea Ancestor, Bai Ning Bing, White Rabbit, and Miao Yin were speculated to have died in battle.


 Such a battle result was truly impressive. It was a huge surge of morale to everyone in Central Continent.


 Heavenly Court’s battle result was spread all over the world. It was not just Fang Yuan who analyzed wins and losses, all the Gu Immortals were analyzing the overall situation too.


 Among them, one person was the happiest.


 "Brilliant, brilliant!" On the main seat in the hall, this Gu Immortal was holding the information Gu while praising repeatedly with joy in his eyes.


 He was a middle aged man with an ordinary appearance, he had a strong body and sharp eyebrows. His expression revealed tyranny and some hints of ruthlessness.


 He was Wu clan’s first supreme elder, rank eight wind path Gu Immortal, a formidable expert of the present age — Wu Yong!


 Sitting on the first seat to the left was Wu clan’s second supreme elder, Wu Ba Chong. His battle strength was not outstanding in Wu clan, but he had the highest seniority, was steady, and dared to take on responsibilities. Previously, when every large force was creating difficulties for Wu clan, he came forward to stabilize the situation. He was a core member of Wu clan.


 Wu Ba Chong asked Wu Yong respectfully: "I am not sure what good there is in this? Please enlighten me, my lord."


 Wu Yong put down the information path Gu worm and explained with a burning gaze: "In the five regions and two heavens, the strong are respected. The so-called general trend is nothing more than the fight between those peak experts. Only when the strong ones are in a stalemate, will the weaker ones and super forces have space to grow. If a venerable is born, they would be invincible and rule as the sole leader, and all the heroes would have to lower their heads."


 "Currently, with no venerable, the general trend flows with four people; Spectral Soul, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and Qi Sea Ancestor. Besides them, there are super forces like Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven who can take part in the fight, with Immortal Gu Houses like Calamity Luck Altar and Divine Emperor City to influence the overall situation."


 Wu Ba Chong felt puzzled and asked: "Divine Emperor City is publicly recognized to be the number one Immortal Gu House as it could suppress Demon Immortal Qi Jue. Calamity Luck Altar is slightly inferior but is also a very strong Immortal Gu House that showed its splendor in the fate war. Why put Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven below those four people?"


 Wu Yong replied with a smile: "These two Immortal Gu Houses are indeed strong, but they can only be strong for some time. The greatest flaw of Immortal Gu Houses is that their methods are fixed. Once those methods are known, they can be targeted and countered. Immortal Gu Houses are difficult to modify, they are far inferior to individuals with pseudo venerable battle strength who can adjust themselves depending on the situation."


 "Divine Emperor City is very strong since it could suppress pseudo venerable Demon Immortal Qi Jue. But when its methods are known clearly, its threat will fall by a level. Heavenly Court lacks a pseudo venerable, it is their greatest weakness. If Qi Sea Ancestor had not stood by Heavenly Court’s side in this battle, Qin Ding Ling would not have had such success."


 "So it is like that." Wu Ba Chong realized, "I now understand lord’s happiness. In this pursuit battle, Spectral Soul died, Fang Yuan fled in distress, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was suppressed, Qi Sea Ancestor is missing with a high probability of being dead. This means the four pseudo venerables are mostly gone, and it is the perfect opportunity for us to develop."


 Wu Yong nodded: "Naturally, it is better if such experts are dead. The most regrettable thing is Fang Yuan managed to escape, sigh, this demon is unfathomable, he cannot be evaluated by common sense. Maybe, when he appears again, he would be even stronger than before!"


 Wu Yong’s expression turned heavy when he mentioned Fang Yuan.


 Wu Ba Chong was also filled with worries.


 Fang Yuan had deep conflicts with Wu clan, and now that Spectral Soul was dead, Fang Yuan was the number one demon in the world. If he recuperated and came to attack Wu clan, it would be an apocalyptic disaster.


 Wu Yong continued: "We can do nothing about pseudo venerables. So we should take this chance to develop and strengthen ourselves, when Fang Yuan comes to trouble us in the future, we can at least have strength to fight back. If this situation doesn’t happen in the future, it will be preparation for the five regions chaotic war."


 "Central Continent and Northern Plains are guarded by Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven. They have been operating for countless years and are like iron fortresses, let’s not talk about them for the moment."


 "As for the remaining three regions, Southern Border, Western Desert, and Eastern Sea are all disunited."


 "The wave of the great era has already risen, Wu clan needs to ride this wave and rise up. Western Desert is filled with sand and countless oases, it is easy to defend but hard to attack. Eastern Sea has plenty of resources but has never produced a venerable, their nature is the most gentle. We should first integrate the whole of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, then capture Eastern Sea and Western Desert. With resources of three regions to help me, I will pass my tribulation and become a pseudo venerable, then cultivate rank eight Gu Immortals and construct a peak level Immortal Gu House. Finally, we will attack Central Continent and Northern Plains!"


 "Lord!" Wu Ba Chong was hearing this for the first time, his eyes opened wide in excitement but he felt nervous at the same time.


 This was an aspiration to take over the world!


 Can Wu Yong bring Wu clan to the peak? Or will they be turned into dregs by the tides of the era?


 "There has never been a venerable in wind path. If there is a possibility, maybe I can fill this gap. Who can say for sure what will happen in the future?" Wu Yong only thought this inwardly and did not say it out loud.


 He was sitting on the main seat but his gaze seemed to pierce through the hall and into the sky.


 At the next moment, Wu Ba Chong heard Wu Yong’s recital:


 "The mirage of eternal life is not my pursuit, longevity without accomplishments is no less than shameful."


 "Regional walls vanish as chaos ensues, the destruction of fate brings freedom to all."


 "Eagle rules the sky and whale dominates the sea, without trying, who knows if I am a dragon or worm?"


 "How can plain commoners ever understand why, I will never give up until my road ends!"


 Wu Ba Chong was deeply moved as he stood up and knelt on the ground, swearing with a trembling voice: "This subordinate is willing to follow by lord’s side, for the grand ambition of Wu clan, I will use every ounce of my strength and lay down my life!!"



***
Chapter 2067 Seven-Seven Profound Soul Bird


***





 



 "Wu Ba Chong, get up quickly." Wu Yong’s laughter resounded in the hall.


 Wu Ba Chong immediately felt a formless wind lifting him up firmly and gently.


 "With your help, I will have nothing to worry about." Wu Yong was satisfied.


 "I am ashamed." Wu Ba Chong bowed his head and cupped his fists, "My cultivation level is not enough to bear lord’s expectation. But from now on, as long as lord gives a command, I will stake my life to accomplish it!"


 Wu Ba Chong was not acting, he had wholeheartedly pledged his allegiance.


 Wu Yong was truly a formidable leader, the moment he took his position, he got rid of the spies inside Wu clan.


 Although there was the matter of Fang Yuan disguising as Wu Yi Hai to make use of Wu clan as well as secretly stealing dream realms, Wu Yong put in vigorous effort and had taken back all the lost territories of Wu clan.


 In the Southern Border giant dream realm event, Wu Yong and Heavenly Court had reached an agreement, they returned the super clans’ Immortal Gu, allowing him to gain incomparable prestige. Later, he led the Southern Border immortals to hunt down Fang Yuan, forcing Fang Yuan to flee from Southern Border to Western Desert in a miserable state.


 During the Five Regional Mountain Range battle, he suffered a slight setback due to the schemes of Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin. But after the event, Lu Wei Yin could not defeat him and Wu Yong became the Southern Alliance’s leader in the end.


 During the fate war, Wu Yong took the initiative to lead the Southern Alliance’s champions in the battle, disregarding Fairy Zi Wei’s threats. In this battle, Wu Yong led the immortals and attacked the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation, he unhesitatingly used the killer move unlimited wind which expended his wind path dao marks permanently. Be it his heroic bravery in the battle or the contributions he made, they were all deeply engraved in the minds of Southern Border’s immortals.


 After the fate war, Wu Yong returned to the clan to rest and recuperate. He modified and improved his killer moves as well as Immortal Gu House Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building. At the same time, he handled Wu clan’s affairs, ensuring there was order and stability in Wu clan, which was growing day by day.


 Whether it was in terms of cultivation, talent, battle strength, or leadership, Wu Yong was a rare genius from Wu Ba Chong’s perspective. Even his mother, Wu Du Xiu, was below Wu Yong in the current opinion of Wu Ba Chong and many other Southern Border Gu Immortals.


 "I am getting old, this is all my life will amount to. It is my honor to be able to follow a person like Wu Yong. I am really looking forward to seeing how far Wu clan can grow under his leadership." These were the inner thoughts of Wu Ba Chong.


 Swoosh.


 With a soft whistle, an information path Immortal Gu flew into the hall from the outside and landed on Wu Yong’s hand.


 Wu Yong probed with his divine sense and immediately learned of the content.


 Wu Ba Chong guessed: "It is definitely a huge matter if an information path Immortal Gu is sent to deliver the message. I wonder if it is good or bad news?"


 Shortly after, he saw Wu Yong smile: "Good news keeps coming, take a look."


 Wu Yong handed the information path Immortal Gu to Wu Ba Chong.


 Wu Ba Chong received the Gu and inspected it carefully, he then understood Wu Yong had made a big accomplishment from his scheme, he had successfully lured the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts into the formation.


 "The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, they really are the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts!" Wu Ba Chong was excited.


 The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts were a famous demonic path group in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world comprising seven members. Every generation of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts brought a huge disturbance and many losses to Southern Border’s righteous path.


 The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts were arrogant and even infringed upon Wu clan’s benefits many times. As the leader of Southern Border’s righteous path, Wu clan naturally had to come forward to deal with this issue.


 Thereupon, Wu clan and the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts could be said to be at odds.


 Every generation’s first supreme elder of Wu clan dedicated themselves to exterminating the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts. And every generation’s Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts provoked Wu clan, as long as the colossal force Wu clan showed any weakness, they would attack like dogs hiding in the darkness, biting off a piece of flesh of Wu clan and run away immediately.


 Wu clan was a super force and stably held the throne in Southern Border. But the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts were not ordinary, there was much evidence that suggested their inheritance was very likely to be from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. As long as there was one person living in every generation’s Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, the inheritance would continue. And with time, there would be another six demonic immortals besides the survivor.


 The life and death battles in every generation made it so that Wu clan and the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts had irreconcilable conflict. Wu clan became the biggest enemy of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, while the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts became a sore point of Wu clan that could not be gotten rid of. Every new member of the seven ghosts was committed to taking revenge against Wu clan.


 Wu Du Xiu had mentioned three regrets in her last words, one of them was regarding the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts. In her life, Wu Du Xiu had commanded from behind the scenes and even personally attacked and killed over ten members of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, but had not been able to get rid of all of them at once.


 As long as there was one survivor of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, they would bide their time patiently and fill the vacancies.


 But now, according to the information in the Immortal Gu, all of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts had ended up in Wu Yong’s trap.


 It was no wonder Wu Ba Chong was so excited.


 Wu Yong took back the information path Immortal Gu and walked towards the outside while instructing: "The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts are a disaster that Wu clan must get rid of. If we ignore them, they will definitely cause trouble for us and drag us down in the future. To be on the safe side, I will personally make a move this time."


 Wu Ba Chong followed closely behind and asked for permission to take part in the battle. If they could kill the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts completely, it would be extremely significant to Wu clan!


 But Wu Yong refused him: "I will take Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building with me, a lion uses its full strength even when hunting a rabbit. You need to guard the headquarters while I am gone."


 "Yes." Wu Ba Chong could only helplessly accept the command.


 Under his anticipating and respectful gaze, Wu Yong flew to the sky and disappeared into the horizon.


 Wu clan’s headquarters was located on Wu Yi Mountain and Wu Yi Mountain was located at the extreme southwest of Southern Border.


 If you looked at the whole Southern Border from high above, you could roughly see: the intersection of yellow dragon river and red dragon river formed a ’X’, and Wu clan’s territory was at the lower part of this ’X’. Shang clan was on the right side.


 Among all the Southern Border super forces, Wu clan was at the extreme south. Wu Yong was very satisfied with this location, as Wu clan would not be surrounded by enemies from all sides like Central Continent.


 The surroundings of Wu clan’s territories were isolated by yellow dragon river and red dragon river, the geography was highly beneficial to the clan’s rise.


 "The biggest weakness of Wu clan currently is insufficient Gu Immortals. Even if we annex the surrounding lands in the future, we won’t have enough Gu Immortals to guard them."


 As Wu Yong pondered over this, he thought of Fang Yuan.


 It was Fang Yuan who created problems and havoc in Southern Border, making Southern Border go through many large battles. Not only Wu clan, the whole of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world lost many people!


 Wu Yong was flying towards the northeast extremely quickly.


 After some time, a corpse mountain was already in his sight.


 This corpse mountain that was beside the river was thousands of feet tall and there were large numbers of zombies living in it. It was close to the whirlpool at the intersection of red dragon river and yellow dragon river.


 More accurately speaking, this corpse mountain was called Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian. In the past, a rank eight Southern Border Gu Immortal turned into an immortal zombie, and fought against allied attacks of super forces in this peak, finally dying here. As time passed, on the mangled corpse of this rank eight immortal zombie, due to the nourishment of the natural essence from the river, along with the aquatic plants in the river that rooted themselves, this place turned into a corpse mountain.


 The corpse mountain produced transformation path zombie Gu, as well as qi path zombie qi Gu.


 Before the headquarters of Southern Border’s Zombie Alliance was exposed, they had targeted this precious area and wanted to pay a high price to buy it from Wu clan to make it their headquarters, but Wu clan rejected them.


 Later, Yao clan seized it from Wu clan. Wu Yong brought out Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building and took back the corpse mountain.


 Because this resource point had high productivity and was also located at a strategic position, Wu Yong had stationed rank seven Gu Immortal Wu Zhen here.


 After the fate war, qi tides emerged in the five regions. Qi tides swept the whole world, not only forcing the five regions’ Gu Immortals to recuperate, they even exposed many true inheritance secret areas and grotto heavens of the two heavens.


 Blood qi Immortal Gu, which Demon Immortal Qi Jue had seized in Western Desert, was one of the Blood Sea true inheritances, its traces were exposed because of qi tides.


 A true inheritance had appeared on Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian as well. All the traces revealed this true inheritance was left behind by that rank eight immortal zombie back then!


 A true inheritance of this level might not catch the interest of Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Fang Yuan, but it was a rank eight great expert’s inheritance after all. It was enough for any super force to give it attention, it was reasonable for the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts to be tempted.


 Wu Yong thus arranged traps, and now, the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts were all drawn into the trap and were just waiting for him to catch them.


 An intense battle had already continued for some time at the peak of the corpse mountain.


 "Cardinal directional wind formation! Such a pity that we, the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, have a deep understanding of your Wu clan, this large formation cannot trap us!"


 "The moment the formation breaks will be the moment your life ends, Wu Zhen!"


 "Wu Zhen, the Corpse Emperor true inheritance appeared on Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, but you intentionally concealed the information. Even if Wu clan’s reinforcements arrive, you won’t face a good outcome. How about you betray Wu clan and join us."


 The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts started to attack the wind path formation in four directions.


 They had a lot of understanding of this formation because the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts had tackled the cardinal directional wind formation many times over the generations.


 The formation was already on the verge of collapse.


 Wu Zhen, who was controlling the formation from the outside, was riddled with wounds.


 Suddenly, he received Wu Yong’s voice transmission. His face immediately brightened as he activated some methods.


 The cardinal directional wind formation changed immediately, a gentle wind blew in and turned into Wu Yong.


 "What? This formation actually changed!"


 "Wu Yong came! Wu clan’s reinforcements came so fast?"


 "Damn it, this was a trap."


 The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts were shaken but after the shock, their ferocity was stimulated.


 "Kill!"


 "Even if we die, we will make Wu clan suffer disastrous losses."


 "If we kill Wu Yong, Wu clan will only be a joke!"


 The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts charged towards Wu Yong, but they were secretly discussing on how to break through.


 Since it was a trap by Wu clan, the longer they stayed, the more unfavorable it would be for them. Moreover, Wu Yong was a powerful expert in the present age, he was a person at a level that was just under pseudo venerable.


 The present Gu Immortal world publicly recognized Wu Yong, Qin Ding Ling, Bing Sai Chuan, Thousand Transformations Ancestor, and other experts to be on the same level, they were all experts merely below pseudo venerable level.


 The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts knew they were not Wu Yong’s match, but they still had hope.


 Wu Yong used this cardinal directional wind formation to lure these Gu Immortals, although there were some changes to it, it was still the original cardinal directional wind formation.


 It was because this large formation was not a battlefield killer move that the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts let down their guard and attacked rashly.


 Seeing the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts charging towards him, Wu Yong sneered: "Cowards putting up a strong front, you are nothing much."


 At the next moment, strong winds appeared and frosty air blew.


 Winds roared and snow started pouring down like a blizzard!


 Three ghosts of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts were frozen solid, and after two breaths of time, two of them died from the coldness.


 "What killer move is this?"


 "It is so cold!"


 This was the killer move that Wu Yong had created during his recent closed cultivation session — Snowy Wind of No Return.


 The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts’ formation was in chaos, Wu Yong’s eyes shone with sinister light: "Cowards, you are not qualified to be my enemies."


 Green leaves emerged from the bodies of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, branches grew rapidly.


 The remaining five ghosts screamed miserably as their life force was completely seized. Lush willow branches grew on the corpses.


 It was another creation of Wu Yong — Willow Wind!


 The seven ghosts died, but their souls flew out of the corpses and merged into one, becoming an immemorial soul beast.


 The soul beast had the appearance of a bird, its whole body was completely black and it had seven heads.


 Wu Yong’s expression was uplifted: "So it was the Seven Ghosts true inheritance, it is the incomplete product of Spectral Soul when he attempted to create the immemorial soul beast — Seven-Seven Profound Soul Bird. Jade Building, come to me!"


 Wu Yong waved his hand, Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building crashed towards the seven-seven profound soul bird like a green meteor.


 The seven-seven profound soul bird struggled with all its strength, using all kinds of killer moves. Unfortunately, its consciousness alternated between clear and chaotic, and was finally suppressed by Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building in the end.


 "Lu Wei Yin, I should not have trusted you!" The seven-seven profound soul bird let out an indignant cry at the last moment before falling unconscious.



***
Chapter 2068 Two Choices


***





 



 "Lord!" Wu Zhen put away the cardinal directional wind formation in excitement.


 He personally witnessed Wu Yong sweeping away the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts with methods that were never heard of before and were also extremely powerful.


 Everyone knew of the price Wu Yong paid to use unlimited wind in the fate war.


 Wu Zhen had not expected Wu Yong’s strength to increase so much in this period of time! In the whole battle, the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts were unable to counterattack at all.


 Sensing the reverential gaze of Wu Zhen, Wu Yong smiled: "The Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts are rank seven at most, we could not deal with them properly because they rarely moved together. If they were not dealt with at once, our efforts would only be in vain."


 Wu Yong’s expression turned slightly heavy: "You heard what the seven-seven profound soul bird said just now, what do you think?"


 Wu Zhen immediately revealed a serious expression as he analyzed: "From their dying words, all of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts attacked Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian not only because of our scheme, Lu Wei Yin had been urging them from behind the scenes as well! Lu Wei Yin... he could actually influence the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, maybe we can make use of this!"


 Wu Yong laughed heartily: "Not bad, Wu Zhen, well said."


 Wu Zhen had already guessed Wu Yong’s next plan. In Wu Yong’s plan, the first step was to unite Southern Border.


 And the greatest obstacle to do this was Lu Wei Yin.


 Lu Wei Yin was the current inheritor of Paradise Earth in Southern Border. Because of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s influence and his contributions to Southern Border’s righteous path, Wu Yong could not easily make a move against him.


 But who could have expected that during the pursuit against Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin actually helped Fang Yuan. This gave Wu Yong the perfect reason to make a move. And this time, Lu Wei Yin was secretly involved with the seven-seven profound soul bird, this gave Wu Yong the perfect excuse to lead the Southern Alliance and destroy the Mushroomman Paradise in the name of justice!


 "Take care of your injuries, next, we will make a move against Lu Wei Yin and destroy Mushroomman Paradise!" Wu Yong’s eyes shone with cold light and imposing battle intent.


 Wu Zhen hesitated for a moment before speaking: "Lord, isn’t it too early now? When qi tides appeared, many inheritances emerged in Southern Border. The Corpse Emperor true inheritance is only one of them. Currently, the Southern Alliance’s super forces are all actively exploring and gathering these true inheritances. If we hastily summon them, wouldn’t only a few show up and the other super forces conceal their strength?"


 Wu Yong smiled and nodded: "You are right. The things you mentioned are one of the difficulties in attacking Lu Wei Yin and the Mushroomman Paradise. Besides this, there are several other difficulties. Firstly, Lu Wei Yin is extremely shrewd, he has all kinds of plans and unique methods, he is definitely not an ordinary opponent. Secondly, Mushroomman Paradise obtained Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s help, its foundation is deep and is not any inferior to the super forces. Thirdly, Lu Wei Yin helped Fang Yuan escape, if we attack him, we might have to fight Fang Yuan as well."


 "Fight Fang Yuan?" Wu Zhen’s face immediately turned pale.


 The current Fang Yuan was the number one demon in the world. Just the possibility of having to fight him was enough to make a rank seven Gu Immortal like Wu Zhen feel uneasy.


 Wu Yong laughed, his tone rising slightly: "But these difficulties are only difficulties, if we are afraid to take action because of difficulties, nothing can be accomplished. Farmers need to farm, but if they don’t cultivate the land because they are afraid of drought, there would not even be a single grain of harvest. When fishermen fish, if they don’t spread the net because they are afraid of drowning, their baskets will definitely be empty. Will our Wu clan retreat because of these difficulties?"


 Wu Zhen’s expression became solemn and he quickly cupped his hands: "Thank you for the guidance."


 Wu Yong’s gaze was deep as he continued to explain: "This is the best time to attack Lu Wei Yin. A person like Lu Wei Yin will only make more preparations if he has more time, and Mushroomman Paradise will be increasingly hard to attack. It is obvious that Fang Yuan escaped because he did not have strength to fight. If we miss this chance and he recovers, there will be no hope of destroying Mushroomman Paradise."


 "As for those righteous path super forces concealing their strength? Hmph, do they think the Southern Alliance is so easy to join? As the alliance leader, I will gain the chance to reorganize the Southern Alliance once and for all."


 Wu Zhen no longer had any worries and was completely persuaded by Wu Yong’s plan: "I am willing to follow you, lord, and go on the expedition against the mushroommen."


 Wu Yong nodded, saying a sentence before leaving: "Tend to your injuries first, the path of Wu clan’s domination will require your contribution as well."


 At the same time, Eastern Sea.


 Xia clan headquarters.


 The atmosphere was tense in the discussion hall.


 Over ten variant human Gu Immortals were divided into two groups and were in a standoff.


 On the left side, Chaotic Rock Grotto Lord, Rotten Egg Grotto Lord, and Hair Monster Grotto Lord were clustered around Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 On the right, Xiao He Jian led Green Forest Great Sage and Great Wisdom Immortal Mother.


 There was also a third group formed from human Gu Immortals, having Crossing Heaven Immortal Monarch, Black Locust, and Rainbow Rock Immortal Concubine in it.


 During the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, these variant human Gu Immortals were abandoned by Fang Yuan. After they escaped Heavenly Court, they returned to Eastern Sea.


 Without Wu Shuai controlling the situation, these grotto-heaven lords of the two heavens were feeling panicky. Over these days, they were still pondering over how to resolve the qi harvest fruit disaster in their grotto-heavens, but made no progress.


 "Xiao He Jian, are you prepared for when Lord Wu Shuai returns? I want to see how you will explain to Lord Alliance Leader why you promoted Lady Cold Ash repeatedly before!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch took the lead to reprimand his political rival.


 Xiao He Jian’s expression was dark. Back then,he had promoted Lady Cold Ash to gather Gu Immortals and grow his force in contesting with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group. He had never expected Lady Cold Ash to be Spectral Soul’s disguise! Not only this, at the crucial moment, Spectral Soul made his move and chased Wu Shuai and Fang Yuan, eventually destroying Dragon Palace.


 Spectral Soul created such huge losses to the two heavens alliance and Xiao He Jian naturally had to be held responsible.


 Xiao He Jian’s expression was ashen in face of the accusation, he stared at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch: "It is not up to you to decide how much responsibility I bear. Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, don’t forget, we are both vice alliance leaders, we have equal positions! I am aware of how big a mistake I made, I am willing to accept any punishments from Lord Wu Shuai. But this is not only my responsibility. Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, could it be that you didn’t make any mistake? Think about it, who invited Lady Cold Ash into our alliance? Was it not you? You not only invited Spectral Soul, you even took in Heavenly Court’s spy, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord. Your responsibility is bigger than mine."


 "You!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was furious.


 After the defeat in the battle, Xiao He Jian had already realized his predicament. He had already made sufficient preparations for this meeting.


 "Hehe. Speaking of which, isn’t it all caused by humans? Be they Lady Cold Ash or Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, they are both humans. Human Gu Immortals cannot be trusted!" Great Wisdom Immortal Mother added sinisterly.


 She was an inkman Gu Immortal, her Great Wisdom grotto-heaven had been invaded by Heavenly Court and suffered heavy losses.


 Later, the two heavens alliance organized a rescue, but Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had been worried about his own Ice Crystal grotto-heaven back then and disregarded Great Wisdom grotto-heaven.


 Thus, there was a crack in the relationship between Great Wisdom Immortal Mother and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, Xiao He Jian had sensed it and recruited her. Great Wisdom Immortal Mother, whose strength had greatly fallen, became a member supporting Xiao He Jian.


 Green Forest Great Sage was also a miniman like Xiao He Jian, so he had a natural closeness to the latter.


 With these two supporting Xiao He Jian with all their strength, Xiao He Jian was barely able to contend with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group. But it was only barely.


 This time, Spectral Soul’s attack created a huge trouble for Xiao He Jian.


 Thus, Great Wisdom Immortal Mother saw that the situation was bad and diverted the attention to the humans.


 Her words immediately resonated with other variant human Gu Immortals.


 "That’s right, humans are crafty, they cannot be believed easily."


 "In my opinion, our two heavens alliance should be a pure variant human alliance!"


 "The performance of these human Gu Immortals in the battle was truly bad!"


 Variant human Gu Immortals resonated with the words and looked at the human Gu Immortals in the hall with unfriendly gazes.


 Crossing Heaven Immortal Monarch, Black Locust, and Rainbow Rock Immortal Concubine were pale, and were standing close to each other.


 The two heavens alliance had been established not long ago, they had formed for an extremely short period of time. Now that they lost their powerful leader, they immediately showed signs of collapsing.


 Right at this time, a majestic sound reverberated throughout the blessed land headquarters.


 "Alright, stop fighting!"


 Following which, a golden light shot down like a heavenly pillar.


 The golden pillar of light dissipated, revealing two immortals.


 One was wearing a white robe, with dark hair and deep pupils, while the other was tall and handsome, resembling a heroic champion. They were Gu Yue Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai.


 All the immortals in the hall were shaken.


 With Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian taking the lead, everyone knelt down on one knee and greeted: "Greetings to Lord Alliance Leader!"


 After hesitating for a moment, they greeted again: "Greetings to Lord Fang Yuan."


 Wu Shuai raised his hand: "Get up."


 He was standing beside Fang Yuan, and Fang Yuan was grandly sitting on the alliance leader’s seat.


 The immortals had different expressions seeing Wu Shuai’s subordinate-like attitude towards Fang Yuan.


 Wu Shuai directly said: "You don’t need to guess, I am a dragonman, but it is a fact that I am Fang Yuan’s clone."


 The immortals were stunned for a bit before reacting, their expressions were even more complicated.


 They were not overly shocked by this relationship. After Heavenly Court spread the battle results, the relationship of Wu Shuai and Fang Yuan was widely speculated. After all, Wu Shuai and Fang Yuan’s cooperation was extremely close in the battle, they were too trustful of each other, this was not common among demonic immortals.


 The two heavens alliance’s Gu Immortals had already heard of these rumors, they appeared loyal and devoted on the surface but had many guesses inwardly.


 So when Wu Shuai admitted it, the immortals did not find it hard to accept.


 Wu Shuai continued: "The reason I gathered everyone is to rally our forces and vie for supremacy, while also to get rid of the qi harvest fruit disaster in your grotto-heavens."


 The immortals’ eyes shone, one of them asked: "Could it be that lord alliance leader has a way to resolve it?"


 Wu Shuai smiled: "I naturally don’t have a way to deal with it, but my main body has."


 The immortals cautiously looked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan wore no expression and his gaze was indifferent as he spoke for the first time: "Right now, you have two choices. One is to let me annex your grotto-heavens, only through this way can the qi harvest fruit calamity be resolved."


 The immortals turned pale, some were furious but dared not to say anything.


 At once, the hall fell into silence.


 Rainbow Rock Immortal Concubine broke the silence and asked respectfully: "I wonder what the other choice is?"


 Fang Yuan leaned back on the wide chair and narrowed his eyes: "The second choice is that you will all be killed by me, thereafter, I will annex your grotto-heavens."


 All the immortals were deathly pale and it was a scene of complete silence.



***
Chapter 2069 Eastern Seas Alliance Army


***





 



 Facing the extremely forceful Fang Yuan, the variant human Gu Immortals gritted their teeth and their gaze flickered with dark light. Many glanced around, hoping someone would speak up.


 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan was currently the number one demon in the world, even Spectral Soul had died in his trap. His demonic prestige was increasing rapidly and the variant human Gu Immortals dared not to touch his nerve.


 No one dared to resist Fang Yuan but no one surrendered and offered their headquarters either.


 Anyone could see these Gu Immortals were not willing to!


 Their grotto-heaven headquarters was the place where they lived day and night, it was their home and their sacred land. If they really offered their home to Fang Yuan, their friends and family would definitely blame them for the betrayal, and their own conscience did not allow it.


 Back then, when Heavenly Court invaded Ice Crystal grotto-heaven, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch directly staked his life and did not hesitate to expend his lifespan to activate the killer move extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin. Great Wisdom Immortal Mother directly sold the racial inheritance regarding the Qian Kun Crystal Wall to Wu Shuai to save her Great Wisdom grotto-heaven. All these showed that the grotto-heavens of the two heavens had great significance to the variant human alliance’s members and they held an important position in their hearts.


 But what could they do?


 Fang Yuan’s power was known to the whole world. He was currently the number one demon, Heavenly Court was defeated by him, fate Gu was destroyed by him, and now, even Spectral Soul was killed by him!


 After the pursuit battle, although Fang Yuan had only rested for a little over ten days, which was a brief time, the variant human Gu Immortals in the hall had no doubt that Fang Yuan could exterminate all of them!


 Their only hope might be external reinforcements.


 But where would these variant human Gu Immortals find external reinforcements?


 Should they approach Heavenly Court or Longevity Heaven?


 What a joke!


 An even more crucial point was that almost all the two heavens’ grotto-heavens were facing the qi harvest fruit disaster. If they did not surrender to Fang Yuan and let these qi harvest fruits grow, their grotto-heavens would be destroyed.


 But if they surrendered to Fang Yuan, they would be giving their lives to Fang Yuan. After they joined his side, it would be easier said than done for them to leave him again.


 Fang Yuan’s ruthlessness was already known to all. Previously, he had dispatched many of his subordinates to attack Central Continent, but after the fate war, Fang Yuan only escaped by himself, these subordinates were still wandering around the five regions. And just recently in the pursuit battle, Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai had left Heavenly Court using Dragon Palace, leaving the variant human Gu Immortals behind in Heavenly Court.


 Who could feel safe following such a leader?


 "Have you all thought it through? My patience is limited." Fang Yuan’s expression was indifferent as he gave an ultimatum.


 The immortals’ mind shook, many were pale and broke out in cold sweat.


 Among them, the human Gu Immortals felt the most regret.


 If they had known this, they would have directly surrendered to Heavenly Court.


 In the present age, humanity was the ruler and they would not accept the surrender of variant human forces. But it was a different concept if humans were to surrender.


 In fact, during the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, when they were escaping Heavenly Court, it was not that they did not think of imitating Night Heavenly Wolf Lord and surrendering to Heavenly Court. But they simply did not have the chance with the variant human Gu Immortals watching them like hawks.


 So, it was not without reason that these variant human Gu Immortals showed doubt and suspicion towards the human Gu Immortals.


 The hall was still deathly silent, Fang Yuan’s expression was indifferent, but the variant human alliance members felt increasing pressure.


 Fang Yuan had not used any killer moves, but most of the Gu Immortals felt like they were suffocating and their thoughts were being suppressed.


 Unable to endure such pressure, one of the alliance members, Golden Fur Immortal Monarch, clenched his teeth and agreed, offering his immortal aperture to Fang Yuan.


 Golden Fur Immortal Monarch was a rank eight hairy man Gu Immortal, he had his own reasons for doing this.


 He knew Fang Yuan had annexed Lang Ya blessed land and had rarely sent Lang Ya Sect’s hairy man Gu Immortals into battle. Golden Fur Immortal Monarch surrendered to Fang Yuan, thinking he would receive similar treatment.


 Hairy men were proficient in Gu refinement, this had an enormous value which might preserve the lives of the people of Golden Fur grotto-heaven and even give them high statuses. It was far better than being slaughtered by Fang Yuan and forcefully annexed.


 With Golden Fur Immortal Monarch agreeing, the remaining people felt even more pressure and urge to follow suit. It was like a gap appearing on a large dam and causing the flood to gush out of it.


 But right at this time, alarms rang — a large group of Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were approaching this place with several Immortal Gu Houses!


 Wu Shuai glanced at Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan nodded lightly. Wu Shuai turned around to look at the immortals: "The enemies have arrived, we will talk after repelling them."


 The immortals finally let out sighs of relief.


 If it were normal times and Eastern Sea’s righteous path had organized a joint attack on them, these people would be extremely worried and fearful. But right now, they felt the pressure on them going away and were actually grateful instead.


 Immediately, Wu Shuai and Fang Yuan stayed behind the scenes, while Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian led the variant human alliance to meet the Eastern Sea alliance army.


 The Eastern Sea alliance army had many people. Shen clan’s first supreme elder Shen Cong Sheng, along with Tang clan’s first supreme elder and Xie clan’s first supreme elder, were personally taking part in the battle.


 There were many Immortal Gu Houses as well, over ten at least. Eastern Sea was rich and populous, and was the number one region in terms of resources, so it was also the number one in terms of the number of Immortal Gu Houses possessed, surpassing even Central Continent. Naturally, they had very few peak rank eight Immortal Gu Houses like Dragon Palace or Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 Among the Immortal Gu Houses present, there was only one rank eight Immortal Gu House — Green Cloud Spark Warship, which belonged to Eastern Sea’s Hua clan. Rank six Immortal Gu Houses were most numerous, after which was rank seven.


 The two armies confronted each other in the sky, Xia clan’s first supreme elder walked out of the Eastern Sea alliance army, it was rank seven Gu Immortal Xia Rui Zhi.


 "Despicable variant humans, you disturbed Eastern Sea and invaded my home, your sin is too heinous. Today is the day you will all die!" Xia Rui Zhi shouted with a righteous aura.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch sneered: "Cowardly rat, you actually dared to come and court death."


 Xiao He Jian also ridiculed: "Homeless dog, what gives you the confidence to challenge us?"


 Xia Rui Zhi’s face reddened with anger, he said through clenched teeth: "Variant humans, you deserve to die! I will fight first, who among you dares to face me alone?"


 Xia clan’s territory was seized by the variant human alliance; as the victim, Xia Rui Zhi naturally wanted to start the fight.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch immediately said: "A mere rank seven dares to start the fight. Never mind, my variant human alliance has no need to bully the weak, we will send someone with similar cultivation level to fight you."


 Under Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s instruction, a rank seven snowman Gu Immortal flew out and fought Xia Rui Zhi.


 Both sides had just fought three rounds when Shen Cong Sheng stood up: "Who wants to fight me?"


 Shen Cong Sheng was rank eight, his battle strength was also publicly recognized to be at the peak of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world. This time, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian did not dare to be overconfident. Under Fang Yuan’s secret command, Xiao He Jian personally came out to fight.


 Shen Cong Sheng and Xiao He Jian fought for a while, when another rank eight Gu Immortal from the Eastern Sea alliance army challenged, but he was not at Shen Cong Sheng’s level.


 The variant human alliance had many rank eight Gu Immortals, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch thought for a while before sending a rank eight rockman Gu Immortal to meet the challenge.



***
Chapter 2070 Huge Victory in Battle


***





 



 The two armies confronted each other, and the intense battles in the three battle circles attracted countless gazes.


 Xiao He Jian was a rank eight expert and in terms of strength, he was at the same level as a Heavenly Court member. And after returning from the blue dragon whale, Shen Cong Sheng also had a great improvement in his strength. The two were evenly matched.


 But in the other two battle circles, the variant humans were at a disadvantage.


 Chaotic Rock Grotto Lord was defending more than attacking, while the rank seven snowman Gu Immortal was already showing signs of defeat. His opponent was Xia Rui Zhi, who might be only at rank seven but was Xia clan’s first supreme elder after all, he had abundant resources and many methods.


 After several more rounds, Xia Rui Zhi suddenly shouted and used a fatal killer move to strike the snowman Gu Immortal.


 The snowman Gu Immortal could not dodge it, his expression turned to despair.


 Right at this time, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch suddenly attacked Xia Rui Zhi with an ice path killer move.


 Eastern Sea’s alliance army was furious, they took actions to protect Xia Rui Zhi while blocking Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s sudden attack.


 Taking this chance, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch pulled back that rank seven snowman to his side.


 "Variant human Gu Immortals, you don’t have any sense of honor indeed, losing the battle as well as disgracing yourselves!"


 "It was a one on one fight and you actually interfered to save your people? Alright, since you don’t respect rules, then we shall attack together."


 "Kill! Slaughter these variant human Gu Immortals!"


 The Eastern Sea alliance army was furious, the whole army charged towards the variant human alliance like a rushing tidal wave.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest had a change of expression..


 Eastern Sea alliance army’s offense was fierce, over ten Immortal Gu Houses took the lead and wreaked havoc. Comparatively, the variant human alliance had more rank eight Gu Immortals, but they lacked an Immortal Gu House and could only use their own bodies to fight.


 Right at this crucial moment, an ant army suddenly appeared, forming a dazzling torrent that charged at the Eastern Sea alliance army.


 The Eastern Sea alliance army was immediately obstructed by millions of ants. Many of the Immortal Gu Houses were infiltrated by the ants and could only use all their strength in defending, at once, the formation was in chaos.


 Wu Shuai slowly showed himself, even without Dragon Palace, he was still a rank eight expert!


 "Lord alliance leader!" The variant human alliance’s morale soared immediately.


 On the contrary, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were pale in shock.


 "Why is Wu Shuai here?"


 "Wasn’t he together with that demon Fang Yuan?"


 "If he is here, what about Fang Yuan?"


 As if answering the questions of the Eastern Sea immortals, Fang Yuan’s figure also appeared.


 "You guys have a lot of guts." Fang Yuan waved his hand with a slight smile, a five-colored ray of light shot out.


 A rank seven Immortal Gu House was struck by the five-colored light; it started shaking violently for a few breaths of time before it was no longer able to resist and exploded violently.


 The Gu Immortals inside were horrified as they exclaimed: "This is a compound killer move, it actually contains metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, a total of five paths!"


 Fang Yuan snapped his fingers, countless butterflies made of light flew out.


 The butterflies of light flew in the sky and charged upon all the Immortal Gu Houses like a rainstorm.


 Immortal Gu Houses used their abilities and resisted with all their strength.


 The light butterflies changed their colors and ingeniously dodged most of the attacks as they infiltrated the Immortal Gu Houses.


 "This is also a compound killer move, it contains the profundities of transformation path and refinement path!"


 "Don’t let these butterflies near the Immortal Gu Houses, they can forcefully refine Gu worms!"


 The Eastern Sea alliance army shouted in chaos.


 The variant human alliance’s immortals were dumbfounded.


 With just his strength, Fang Yuan disrupted the whole Eastern Sea alliance army, this was pseudo venerable battle strength! This was the strength of the number one demon of the present age!


 "Fang Yuan, how have you been?" At the crucial moment, qi currents surged like the roars of tidal waves, Qi Sea Ancestor appeared.


 The Eastern Sea alliance army’s morale finally stabilized.


 "Qi Sea Ancestor is making a move!"


 "He also has pseudo venerable battle strength, only he can fight Fang Yuan."


 "Qi Sea Ancestor also returned? Wasn’t he missing?" The variant human Gu Immortals were astonished, their expressions turning heavy.


 The reason that the Eastern Sea immortals organized this army to attack the variant human alliance, aside from Xia clan actively contacting other forces and taking the initiative to offer many resources, was because Qi Sea Ancestor had secretly returned and gathered these immortals.


 "Fang Yuan, let’s go!" Qi Sea Ancestor broke the heavenly wind qi wall and entered immemorial white heaven.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "Since you are in such a mood, then I shall accompany you." Saying so, he also charged into immemorial white heaven.


 No one dared to follow them, the sky over the Eastern Sea was already in chaos at this moment.


 The fight between Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor in immemorial white heaven shattered the sky and caused darkness to loom over Eastern Sea.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s cold laughter could be heard: "Qi Sea, I am no longer the same as before. This is the killer move sword feather bladewing, let me see if you can block it."


 When his words ended, the immortals saw countless sword feathers in the sky that pierced the heavenly wind qi wall and floated down, shrouding the whole battlefield.


 Shortly afterwards, countless sword feathers formed into bright bladewings which rapidly cut everything in their path. The Immortal Gu Houses appeared extremely fragile in front of these bladewings, only the rank eight Immortal Gu House Green Cloud Spark Warship was able to resist them.


 Xia clan’s Immortal Gu House, Whale Fishing Boat, had its final layer of defense penetrated, over ten bladewings flew in and started a rampage.


 "Ahh!" Xia Rui Zhi let out a mournful howl, he was actually killed inside the Immortal Gu House!


 The immortals were horrified.


 "Look at another move of mine, heartache crying blood." After a while, Fang Yuan’s voice appeared again.


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals immediately felt extreme heartache, and large amounts of blood flowed out of their mouth, eyes, and nose.


 This was a compound killer move formed from blood path and wisdom path!


 "There is also thunder note stream." After another while, Fang Yuan’s voice resounded throughout the battlefield.


 Countless formless qi currents slashed the sky.


 Qi currents weaved into a net that covered all the Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu Houses, engraving lightning and qi path dao marks on their bodies.


 "Too horrifying! This is a compound killer move of refinement path, lightning path, and qi path."


 "As long as we are trapped inside, we will constantly receive injuries."


 "Retreat, retreat!"


 Both sides could not continue to fight, they started retreating madly without daring to stay even a second longer in the battlefield.


 "Fang Yuan, you have actually progressed so much in just over ten days!" Qi Sea Ancestor’s voice finally spread, his voice vaguely contained shocked emotions.


 The Eastern Sea Gu Immortals’ heart turned cold when they sensed his tone.


 "Qi Sea, you are still injured, how can you be my match? Today will be the day your life ends." Fang Yuan said, his voice was sonorous and resounded through the heavens, further horrifying the Gu Immortals.


 Boom boom boom!


 Loud explosions resounded like countless firecrackers were set off near the ears.


 Both sides’ immortals looked up at the sky and saw qi waves fiercely moving around. The sky changed colors as if signifying the end of the world.


 The enclosed heavenly wind qi wall fluctuated intensely. Right now, the thick qi wall gave people a feeling of fragile paper that was being torn by countless beasts.


 Large amounts of powder scattered down.


 This was the powder from splitting the heavens.


 Qi Sea Ancestor and Fang Yuan had shattered the sky!


 Shortly after, the immortals heard Qi Sea Ancestor’s exhausted voice: "Fang Yuan, it is easy for you to defeat me but you are dreaming if you think you can kill me."


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: "Qi Sea, where are you going?"


 The terrifying explosions in the sky seemed to be showing signs of slowing down.


 Both sides let out sighs of relief. The aftermath of these two pseudo venerables’ fight were too terrifying. They shattered the heavenly wind qi wall, these immortals could not imagine what the consequences would be if they were in the range of this fight!


 "What are you in a daze for, attack!" Wu Shuai suddenly shouted, waking up the stupefied immortals, "Qi Sea is defeated, we must trap these remaining people here, our victory is secured when Fang Yuan returns."


 "Attack!!!" The variant human alliance was roused, their morale rose to the peak from these words.


 The immortals charged towards the Immortal Gu Houses.


 They were attacking Immortal Gu Houses with their physical bodies, this battle tactic was obviously not sensible. But all the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals inside the Immortal Gu Houses were ashen and their hearts were cold.


 If they said they were not afraid, they would be lying!


 Even the Immortal Gu Houses were unable to give them any sense of safety.


 "Retreat! Retreat!" Shen Cong Sheng shouted.


 The Eastern Sea immortals fled without any hesitation.


 The variant human Gu Immortals were most proficient in fighting these kinds of advantageous battles. They chased without resting and with imposing momentum.


 After chasing for one hundred li, Fang Yuan returned and attacked.


 The Eastern Sea alliance army looked extremely fragile in front of him, most of the Immortal Gu Houses were directly shattered.


 "Obediently surrender now, offer up your Immortal Gu and you can still live." Fang Yuan called out, "All members of the variant human alliance, listen to my command, no one is to attack those who surrender!"


 The variant human alliance won a huge victory in this battle! The Eastern Sea alliance army suffered many casualties and even more were taken captive by Fang Yuan. Many Eastern Sea Gu Immortals chose to believe in Fang Yuan, seeing that this was a certain loss, they surrendered and gave up resisting.


 Although Fang Yuan was the number one demon in the world and was extremely vicious, he had once captured Southern Border immortals, and as long as the ransom was received he released them alive.



***
Chapter 2071 Eating Fruits, Devouring Heavens


***





 



 "No doubt, this is a very rewarding victory!"


 "Eastern Sea’s righteous path is no big deal."


 "I wonder if Qi Sea Ancestor died in battle? If he is dead, the whole of Eastern Sea will be ours!"


 The variant human alliance Gu Immortals were extremely excited.


 Fang Yuan detained the captives while commanding the variant human Gu Immortals to clean up the battlefield.


 "Lord Fang Yuan, I am willing to follow you and offer my Golden Fur grotto-heaven!" Golden Fur Immortal Monarch suddenly knelt before Fang Yuan and proclaimed loudly.


 The immortals were silent for a while before cries of pledging allegiance came from everyone.


 The entire variant human alliance submitted to him without exception!


 Wu Shuai was inwardly happy upon seeing this, while Fang Yuan was still indifferent.


 This scene was within the expectations of these two.


 If Fang Yuan forced these alliance members earlier, he naturally could suppress them even then, but it would not be like now when these people were willingly following him.


 This arrangement that Fang Yuan and his two clones planned gave them a lot of gains.


 One was the huge external pressure brought by the Eastern Sea alliance army’s attack. The members of the variant human alliance was forced to unite, they observed the dangerous external environment and the deep malice held towards the variant humans by the entire human Gu Immortal world!


 The other was that Fang Yuan displayed his peak level battle strength, leading the variant human alliance to a massive victory. This gave a deep impression to the variant human alliance immortals that they could not oppose Fang Yuan, and also made them feel some sort of anticipation towards their future after submitting to Fang Yuan.


 From the perspective of these variant human immortals:


 One, all their grotto-heavens were facing the qi harvest fruit disaster. If they did not surrender to Fang Yuan, they would not be able to deal with it by themselves.


 Two, the outcome of going against Fang Yuan was displayed in front of them, they could not do this if they wanted to live.


 Three, although Fang Yuan was ruthless, he was strong. Following such an expert would give them a much brighter future than fighting alone.


 Humanity had dominated the five regions for a long time, these variant human Gu Immortals of the two heavens swallowed their anger and bore with it, and were already habituated to their lowered statuses.


 They lacked the spirit and state of mind that were possessed by the members of Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven. This was already shown in many of the past battles. The variant human alliance’s Gu Immortals had low fighting spirit and prioritized their own safety.


 All these reasons made it almost certain that everyone in the variant human alliance would surrender to Fang Yuan.


 After cleaning up the battlefield, Fang Yuan was not in a hurry to count his gains, he sent a command: "We will invade Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven and Night Wolf grotto-heaven!"


 The immortals were shaken, once again feeling Fang Yuan’s forcefulness and tyrannical character.


 Even this large battle could not satisfy Fang Yuan’s appetite, he still wanted to continue fighting and take down Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven and Night Wolf grotto-heaven.


 Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven was a soul path grotto-heaven secretly controlled by Spectral Soul when he was alive. Now that Spectral Soul was dead, Fang Yuan was going to exploit the weakness and wipe them out.


 As for Night Wolf grotto-heaven, its previous owner, Night Heavenly Wolf Lord, had surrendered to Heavenly Court, which was known by Fang Yuan and used to his advantage. Wu Shuai had killed Night Heavenly Wolf Lord in Dragon Palace, but to conceal the information, they had immediately invaded Heavenly Court and could not care about Night Wolf grotto-heaven at that time.


 Now that Fang Yuan was free, he was going to take revenge and annex them.


 Thereupon, the variant human alliance charged towards immemorial black heaven majestically.


 The army drew closer, but before the battle even started, Night Wolf grotto-heaven opened its entrance. With Ye Zhi leading them, the grotto-heaven Gu Immortals moved out of their home and bowed to Fang Yuan, asking him to accept their surrender.


 Fang Yuan did not start a slaughter, he took in all of them, then led the army towards Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven.


 However, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven was a scene of desolation.


 After Spectral Soul had possessed Lady Cold Ash’s body, he had placed An Xun behind in Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven to take care of the logistics.


 After the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, only Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie escaped among the Shadow Sect members. After Fairy Zi Wei escaped, she immediately contacted An Xun and ordered him to flee.


 An Xun fled, but naturally not with empty hands. Besides emptying out almost all the storage, he even detonated the qi harvest fruit before leaving, causing Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven to suffer severe damage.


 The remaining Gu Immortals of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven had just patched up the holes and not even rested for a few days when they were faced with Fang Yuan’s army.


 Against Fang Yuan’s army, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven did not have any strength to fight back and was conquered almost instantly.


 The remaining Gu Immortals of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven were led by An Chong. These people’s souls were not tampered by Spectral Soul and they had fought An Xun before he left, they were all injured to some degree.


 Fang Yuan did not reject anyone and took them in as well.


 Now, it was time to create a new agreement.


 Fang Yuan learned from his previous lesson, he did not establish a connection with other subordinates and let his clone Wu Shuai take his place.


 This way, even if a powerful enemy captured these subordinates in the future, they could only deduce Wu Shuai’s position through the clue from the agreement. Fang Yuan’s main body would be secure.


 Now, Fang Yuan had completely taken over the variant human alliance!


 But this was not enough.


 The qi harvest fruits in many two heavens’ grotto-heavens had already become extremely large and were at the point of self-detonating.


 Fang Yuan first went to Grand Swine grotto-heaven.


 Under all the immortals’ gazes, Fang Yuan raised his hand and released white light. The white light lingered around the huge qi harvest fruit and turned into vast fog.


 The fog blocked investigative methods. Fang Yuan was still not assured, he ordered the immortals: "Get back, don’t use any Gu worms or you might disturb my method."


 The immortals obeyed.


 White fog spread and shrouded Fang Yuan’s main body, outsiders were unable to tell what was going on inside.


 Fang Yuan opened his sovereign immortal aperture, from which the Qi Sea clone flew out.


 The Qi Sea clone went up to the qi harvest fruit, his eyes glowed like he had seen the most exquisite delicacy.


 The Qi Sea clone stabbed his hand deep into the qi harvest fruit and used his qi path method.


 Immortal killer move — Qi Jue Revival!


 Fang Yuan had learned Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s qi harvest fruit revival method and modified it to create this method. He had used this move to create the Qi Sea clone previously.


 Under the killer move Qi Jue revival, the qi harvest fruit started to shrink, turning into large amounts of qi path dao marks that were directly added to the Qi Sea clone’s body.


 "After devouring this fruit, I will gain about sixty thousand qi path dao marks." Qi Sea Ancestor estimated with a joyous tone.


 This amount was very impressive!


 On average, an ordinary grand tribulation gave about seven thousand dao marks, while an ordinary myriad tribulation gave about eighty thousand.


 If it were just grand tribulations, a qi path Gu Immortal needed to undergo eight or nine grand tribulations approximately to accumulate sixty thousand qi path dao marks. (The new dao marks from the grand tribulation included dao marks of the Gu Immortal’s main path as well as some dao marks of other paths.)


 From another perspective: As long as Qi Sea Ancestor absorbed this qi harvest fruit, it was like passing half a qi path myriad tribulation without any risk!


 So, Qi Sea Ancestor could make enormous gains by absorbing the qi harvest fruits.


 Fang Yuan inwardly estimated: "The Qi Sea clone was made from Heavenly Court’s qi harvest fruit, he possessed over eight hundred thousand qi path dao marks the moment he was born. After absorbing three qi harvest fruits like this one, the amount will cross one million. My own qi path dao marks is also at this level. When the Qi Sea clone absorbs all the qi harvest fruits in the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, his qi path dao marks will surpass mine and accumulate to an unprecedented level!"


 Fang Yuan’s one million qi path dao marks were obtained from annexing Qi Sea grotto-heaven. The Qi Sea clone was starting anew and accumulating by himself. But by relying on the killer move Qi Jue revival and the qi harvest fruits, his accumulation speed became truly terrifying.


 Clearly, for a long time from now on, the Qi Sea clone would become Fang Yuan’s number one clone. Based on just battle strength, he would not be lower than the main body, and might even be stronger!


 There were many factors that influenced a Gu Immortal’s battle strength, for instance the Gu Immortal’s individual battle attainment, the battle environment, the level of the Gu Immortal’s Gu worms, killer moves, Gu formations, Immortal Gu Houses, and whether the Gu Immortal had an excellent combat system or not.


 But the top of these factors would always be the Gu Immortal’s cultivation level!


 One thousand dao marks could grant a hundred percent amplification.


 Besides freaks and monsters like Fang Yuan, Feng Jiu Ge, and the past venerables, on average: rank six Gu Immortals had zero to nine thousand dao marks. Rank seven Gu Immortals had ten thousand to thirty thousand. Rank eights had one hundred thousand to three hundred thousand.


 So, the gap between the battle strength of rank seven and rank eight far surpassed the gap between rank six and rank seven. The gap between the latter stages of Gu cultivation would become increasingly bigger. Until they reached rank nine Gu venerable level where an individual could become invincible in the world, dominating everyone and everything.


 Why was Northern Plains’ Old Ancestor Xue Hu was the number one rank eight in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world?


 He was from the demonic path and lacked suitable Immortal Gu. The main reason was his ice and snow path dao marks far surpassed ordinary numbers.


 "According to your estimation, how many dao marks does Demon Immortal Qi Jue have?" Inside the endless white fog, Fang Yuan asked the Qi Sea clone.


 Qi Sea clone absorbed the qi harvest fruit while replying: "Maybe over five hundred thousand."


 Fang Yuan nodded in agreement.


 From the various traces in battles, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s dao marks were slightly lower than Duke Long’s. It was very likely because of Fang Yuan and the Southern Alliance disturbing the revival process and causing Demon Immortal Qi Jue to hasten it.


 But Demon Immortal Qi Jue had Xi Land.


 Xi Land was a secluded domain of heaven and earth!


 A complete secluded domain of heaven and earth was a rank nine level immortal material.


 So, as long as the qi path killer moves used Xi Land as the core, they would gain terrifying strength, even Spectral Soul could not face them easily.


 This was similar to how Fang Yuan had once used reverse flow protection seal to leave a group of enemies without options.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s killer moves were outdated and he lacked Immortal Gu, the two pillars that allowed him to have pseudo venerable battle strength were dao marks and Xi Land. After Xi Land was damaged, his battle strength fell sharply and he was finally imprisoned by Divine Emperor City.


 The Qi Sea clone fully absorbed the qi harvest fruit and returned to the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan withdrew the endless fog, the alliance members rejoiced when they saw the qi harvest fruit was completely gone.


 "We are saved, our homes are saved!"


 "As expected of Lord Fang Yuan, he is truly unfathomable and all-powerful!"


 "Lord Fang Yuan, my home is in imminent danger, please save it first."


 All kinds of flatteries were thrown at Fang Yuan.


 Although not even a few of these Gu Immortals were good at fighting, their boot-licking skills were deep and improving day by day.


 Fang Yuan then smoothly annexed this Grand Swine grotto-heaven and merged it into Sovereign grotto-heaven.


 Grand Swine grotto-heaven was a rank eight transformation path grotto-heaven, it produced boar type desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts, and even immemorial desolate beasts.


 Fang Yuan’s transformation path attainment level was at great grandmaster, he naturally could annex it.


 Why did he not annex it before?


 It was naturally because this Grand Swine grotto-heaven had fused with a nine heavens fragment and had taken in heaven path dao marks, which invaded the heavenly spirit and caused it to become powerless and dull.


 Fang Yuan could now refine heaven path dao marks, expanding the ’food option’ of sovereign immortal fetus Gu. From now, all grotto-heavens could be annexed by Fang Yuan, even if they had fused with a nine heavens fragment. (As long as the corresponding attainment level was sufficient.)



***
Chapter 2072 Easily Creating Killer Moves


***





 



 Fang Yuan began to create compound killer moves once again.


 His divine sense was inside the sovereign immortal aperture, observing all sorts of mortal Gu.


 He casually took out two wind path Gu worms from them.


 Rank one clear wind wheel Gu and rank two jade wind wheel Gu.


 When the former was activated, it would create a light green cyclone below each of the Gu Master’s feet and increase their movement speed.


 The latter was one of the possible advancements of clear wind wheel Gu. It could form a pair of jade green cyclones which circulated around the Gu Master’s arms like armbands, and could increase the Gu Master’s punching speed.


 "I currently lack movement abilities in a large fight, why not use this as a base to create one?" Fang Yuan had an inspiration and fell into contemplation.


 Ever since he fought the Qi Sea clone in immemorial two heavens, he had been thinking of this aspect.


 Although it was a show to trick Eastern Sea’s righteous path and the variant human alliance, Fang Yuan had truly fought with the Qi Sea clone.


 If it were not real, how could there have been such terrifying phenomena? That fight had even cracked the sky and caused the powder of the heavens to scatter down!


 In this friendly spar, Fang Yuan had used all kinds of killer moves, most of them put up an excellent performance. Even the worst ones were at ordinary level, at least their performance was up to par, there was neither surprise nor disappointment.


 This spar made Fang Yuan understand his deficiency. Although he had already created many compound killer moves, they were mostly offensive or defensive methods, he lacked movement killer moves.


 The two wind path Gu worms gave Fang Yuan an inspiration.


 In his conceptualization, when he activated the wind path Gu worm, two cyclones would condense below his two feet and they would continuously rotate like two wheels. As long as some time passes, the wheels would rotate increasingly faster and thus increase Fang Yuan’s speed continuously.


 "Let me see how many wind path Immortal Gu I have."


 Fang Yuan had very few wind path Immortal Gu on him, but the large battle earlier provided him many wind path Immortal Gu.


 The variant human alliance members also had some.


 If it was still not enough, Fang Yuan could also extort the whole of Eastern Sea’s righteous path and demand wind path Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had too many options!


 Soon, Fang Yuan obtained several wind path Immortal Gu from his subordinates and they were all of rank seven level.


 After pondering over it and trying out many wind path Immortal Gu as well as referencing wind path killer moves, the initial form of Fang Yuan’s wind path killer move was created.


 After the first activation, two cyclone wheels formed under both feet which could move the Gu Immortal’s body.


 Fang Yuan frowned slightly after testing the killer move, he felt its greatest flaw.


 Although this killer move would become increasingly faster, its initial speed was too slow and it would need some time for it to show even a slight improvement.


 How to improve it?


 This was actually a common issue with wind path killer moves. Be they a gentle wind or fierce gale, they both needed some time to reach their strongest state.


 But there were naturally many methods to push their strength to the maximum at the very start. If one’s wind path attainment level was high enough, the killer moves could be modified to be extremely exquisite. They could also sacrifice a lot of time to prepare the killer move in advance and let it erupt at once. It was also possible to expend much more immortal essence to increase the strength.


 However, Fang Yuan threw these methods to the back of his mind!


 Because those were all ordinary solutions.


 Fang Yuan targeted fire path instead.


 Fire path’s explosive strength was far beyond wind path. Based on just burst potential, fire path was at the top one or two among all paths.


 After choosing several suitable fire path Immortal Gu, this compound killer move’s modification was completed!


 "Let’s name it fire-wind wheel." Fang Yuan casually chose a name.


 The killer move fire-wind wheel had burst speed and could also become increasingly faster, the crucial points were that it consumed little immortal essence and also did not need much mental control.


 Fang Yuan tried it once again and was rather satisfied with it. Fire-wind wheel was a rank seven killer move, but was at an extraordinary level that trampled upon at least seventy percent of all existing killer moves!


 However, it would be a different situation if this killer move were in the hands of other Gu Immortals.


 Almost no Gu Immortal with a clear mind would use it. Based on just the internal friction between wind path and fire path, this killer move’s practical results were lowered to rank six level.


 Expending immortal essence for a rank seven killer move but getting rank six effect. This killer move would be lower than low grade in other Gu Immortals’ evaluation.


 This was the advantage of over three thousand heaven path dao marks.


 It greatly reduced the internal friction between different dao marks, giving hope to many killer moves in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Most importantly, the difficulty of deducing compound killer moves had fallen greatly for Fang Yuan!


 If they were ordinary Gu Immortals who primarily cultivated wind path and were to conceptualize a killer move like fire-wind wheel, they definitely would not foolishly choose to use fire path Immortal Gu as another core. At most, they would use some other paths’ low rank Immortal Gu as supplementary, and the quantity would be few as well.


 The most common result would be to use countless fire path mortal Gu to reduce the internal friction as much as possible. But with this, the killer move would include too many Gu worms; the difficulty of its activation would soar, the concentration required would increase, and the overall value of the killer move would also fall.


 For a killer move to be practical, there could not be too many Gu worms, the immortal essence burden could not be too heavy, the effect had to be good, and there could not be an obvious flaw.


 So, creating a killer move was an extremely difficult project!


 But for Fang Yuan, he could conceptualize compound killer moves with not only dual cores, but three cores, four cores, and more. Wind path did not have burst potential, so he casually chose fire path.


 Single path killer moves had limited space for modification.


 Compound killer moves were even more so, because they had to consider internal friction, which caused the number of compound killer moves in history to be far fewer than single path killer moves.


 Single path killer moves had always been orthodox, they were the most mainstream!


 But Fang Yuan’s current situation was completely different.


 Because of the great reduction in internal friction, he had much more room than ordinary Gu Immortals when creating and modifying killer moves. In his situation, the more paths there were in this world, the lower the difficulty of conceptualizing killer moves!


 Because of this, Fang Yuan could rapidly create a large amount of compound killer moves in a short period of time.


 He had countless Gu recipes and killer moves, so even if his wind path and fire path attainment levels were not high, he could find references and easily conceive a killer move like fire-wind wheel!


 When he sparred with the Qi Sea clone before, Fang Yuan used killer moves like sword feather bladewing, heartache crying blood, thunder note stream, and refinement butterfly. They were only a small portion of the outstanding ones in his collection.


 Three thousand heaven path dao marks might be few but they truly opened up a brand new world for Fang Yuan!


 Since ancient times, countless heroes and experts had only lightly dabbled in this new world. They could only explore a few steps before they were forced to halt helplessly.


 But with the help of heaven path dao marks, Fang Yuan made over ten steps, or even one hundred steps, easily obtaining an unprecedented achievement.


 "Heaven path is all-encompassing and emphasizes balance of all beings, it is truly wondrous beyond words!" Over the next few days, Fang Yuan secretly created and modified compound killer moves, while leading Qi Sea Ancestor and Wu Shuai to clean up every grotto-heaven.


 Most of the qi harvest fruits of the variant human alliance members were devoured by Qi Sea Ancestor, while some were left behind to grow in the grotto-heavens.


 Fang Yuan annexed three rank eight grotto-heavens: transformation path Grand Swine grotto-heaven, time path Time Difference grotto-heaven, and rule path Novelty grotto-heaven.


 The three grotto-heavens were rich in resources and had deep foundations. They were located on the nodes of heaven veins and had been taken care of by heaven’s will for many years.


 Fang Yuan made ample arrangements. He split up these three grotto-heavens and placed them all over the sovereign immortal aperture.


 For instance, Grand Swine grotto-heaven’s two super resource points were rolling fall cliff and pin tree snowfield.


 Rolling fall cliff was home to a large number of desolate beast jumping pigs. These desolate beasts did not know how to walk and could only jump. When they grew to a certain size and their bodies were fattened enough, they would move to the tallest cliff and jump down.


 A majestic waterfall flowed down the cliff. The water of the waterfall was boiling, containing endless fire path and water path dao marks, creating hot steam all year round.


 When jumping pigs jump into the boiling waterfall, ten percent of them would die from the corrosion of fire and water path dao marks, while the remaining ninety percent would receive severe burns as well as bone fractures from the fall, barely surviving.


 But as long as these jumping pigs survive, they would breakthrough to become deadly fat pigs!


 Deadly fat pigs were not desolate beasts, their life essence had broken through to another level, becoming ancient desolate beasts.


 Rolling fall cliff had an impressive number of deadly fat pigs and jumping pigs. The scale of the deadly fat pigs produced every year was number one in five regions and two heavens!


 And pin tree snowfield was home to grand swines. The grand swine was an immemorial black pig, even its bones were black. Its body was as large as a mountain and its movement was slow.


 Pin tree snowfield was extremely vast. Fang Yuan put it in Mini Northern Plains, increasing the area of Mini Northern Plains by twenty percent.


 There were over five hundred grand swines of all sizes and ages.


 Fang Yuan had all of a sudden become the largest pig farm owner in the world!


 As for Time Difference grotto-heaven and Novelty grotto-heaven, they each had one super resource point.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had suffered severe losses due to the myriad tribulation. But annexing these three grotto-heavens immediately showed an improvement, the development of the grotto-heaven even increasing to twenty-five percent!


 This development was slightly higher than before the myriad tribulation.


 Previously, the sovereign immortal aperture only had one super resource point, it was Dang Hun Mountain which produced guts Gu. Next was the dragonfish resource point, which Fang Yuan had invested a lot into and grown to a giant resource point.


 On one hand, Fang Yuan’s management of the sovereign immortal aperture involved seizing grotto-heavens like Hei Fan grotto-heaven and Qi Sea grotto-heaven, but how could these two grotto-heavens have the security of the variant human alliance’s grotto-heavens! Heaven’s will was even taking care of the latter.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan’s management also included creating eerie fire dragon python, sand gull soil, and Five Light Mountain. They were all at the initial phase and the investment in them was also little, their growth could not compare to the resources in the variant humans’ grotto-heavens.


 Finally, Fang Yuan also focused on raising humans and variant humans but did not put his energy in investing resources on them.


 After annexing, the follow-up arrangements were extremely diverse and numerous, Fang Yuan handed these to the humans and variant humans in the immortal aperture to deal with.


 He started on refining the heaven path dao marks contained in these grotto-heavens!


 As for Qi Sea Ancestor, he returned to Qi Sea.


 Xia clan’s surviving Gu Immortals were all in qi sea and cried tears of joy when they saw Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Qi Sea Ancestor was still alive, this was the greatest news!


 Eastern Sea’s large and super forces had sent representatives to station in qi sea. The moment they received this news, they also let out sighs of relief.


 Without Qi Sea Ancestor, they simply had no way to deal with Fang Yuan.


 "This defeat is my fault." Qi Sea Ancestor took the responsibility, "Cough cough cough."


 "Don’t say that, Ancestor! It was my Xia clan who conceived the plan to attack the variant human alliance."


 "Sigh, I am too ashamed to face those comrades who died in combat..." Qi Sea Ancestor looked up and sighed, his eyes were slightly red.


 "Qi Sea Ancestor, please heal your injuries for now. Tell us whatever resources you need, the whole of Eastern Sea will support you with all our strength!" Eastern Sea’s Shen clan Gu Immortal spoke, other super forces’ representatives also nodded with no objection.


 Under everyone’s gaze, Qi Sea Ancestor coughed a mouthful of blood and sighed: "The important thing now is not my injury. Many of those in the two heavens who sided with me still have the qi harvest fruit problem in their grotto heavens. I need to get rid of these qi harvest fruits first!"


 The immortals were immediately moved, the eyes of many Gu Immortals of the two heavens turned wet with tears.


 "Qi Sea Ancestor, you are truly worthy of being the role model of Eastern Sea’s righteous path!"


 "Lord Ancestor, we, the two heaven’s Gu Immortals, will follow your lead without question!!"



***
Chapter 2073 Enthusiastic Cultivation


***





 



 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Central Continent.


 A new time path immortal formation’s activation had reached a crucial point.


 "Go." Fang Yuan willed, a large lump of cactus honey shot into the formation.


 This was a rank eight time path immortal material.


 At the next moment, profound light erupted and turned into countless light specks, which then spread rapidly like silver-white fireworks.


 The light specks dissipated rapidly without any indication, as if the formation that Fang Yuan had constructed with great effort had completely failed.


 However, when Fang Yuan used his investigative killer move, he saw the phantom image of a pool in midair. This pool was similar to a year essence pool but it was not big, only about ten percent of the size of a year essence pool.


 Fang Yuan observed for a while before nodding in satisfaction, this formation arrangement was a success.


 With a thought, he opened the rank eight year essence pool in the mini nine heavens. A tributary of the River of Time flowed down and gathered into the newly constructed sub-pool.


 When the water of the River of Time in the sub-pool had accumulated to a certain level, it started to operate on its own. The river water passed through the bottom and poured onto the ground below.


 At the bottom of the year essence sub-pool was an area of white fog. The fog covered a marsh which had a large number of desolate plants — extreme marsh flowers.


 Some of these flowers were in the shape of an erect bud that was the size of a house. Some were blossomed and looked like a trumpet with their petals connected, and strands of white mist constantly spread towards the outside from the pistil of the flowers.


 This was the flower mist extreme marsh that Fang Yuan had constructed meticulously.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu Regret’s food was the fresh extreme marsh flower mist.


 Under the irrigation of the tributary of the River of Time, the whole flower mist extreme marsh’s time was sped up. The water of the River of Time continued to spread over the surroundings, but walls of blue translucent light appeared around the flower mist extreme marsh.


 As such, the time acceleration was only limited to the range within the walls.


 "Success, it can even be said to be perfect." Fang Yuan inspected several times and was greatly satisfied when he found no issues.


 Fang Yuan had obtained the method of the light blue translucent walls from Time Difference grotto-heaven.


 Time Difference grotto-heaven’s large resource points were all like this, encapsulated by walls of light, the rate of time inside was many times faster than other areas. Thus, Time Difference grotto-heaven had an outstanding production of time path resources.


 Fang Yuan added the year essence pool on top of the original foundation, every sub-pool was in charge of regulating the time of a time path zone. The rank eight year essence pool was the main dam and these year essence sub-pools were secondary dams. The tributary of the River of Time drawn from the River of Time was first gathered into year essence pool and its largest distributary was spread over the whole immortal aperture, while many sub-distributaries gathered into secondary dams and sped up the production of the resources.


 Like this, Fang Yuan’s resource production was accelerated by over ten times!


 Naturally, this method was not just used to speed up the resource production, it could also be used on Gu worms.


 When the Gu worms were placed in a slowed time path zone, their food requirement would fall sharply.


 This method showed minimal effect in other Gu Immortals’ hands, the reason was simple — dao mark conflict. The time path zones were a time path method in essence, if they were used on Gu worms of other paths, the higher their rank, the lower the effect they would have on them.


 Fang Yuan possessed heaven path dao marks which could reduce internal friction. After he attempted this method, he found the effects were quite wonderful.


 On one hand, it could reduce the food requirement of the Gu worms; on the other hand, it could increase resource production. The issue of food for Gu worms was resolved before it even became a problem.


 Qi Sea Ancestor left, but Fang Yuan was not idle during these few days.


 The blessed lands left behind by the dead Eastern Sea Gu Immortals were almost all annexed by him.


 And regarding the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, Fang Yuan intended to leave them alone for the moment.


 First, the sovereign immortal aperture needed food and had to annex a grotto-heaven once in a while, it could also reset the countdown of calamities and tribulations, which allowed Fang Yuan to make arrangements flexibly.


 Secondly, grotto-heavens were like flower pots that were growing the qi harvest fruits. Although there was not a big hope, if the qi harvest fruits could continue to grow, it would not only be a suppression towards the variant human alliance members, it could also nourish the Qi Sea clone.


 As for the three grotto-heavens that Fang Yuan annexed before, they were necessary.


 Fang Yuan urgently needed to replenish his immortal essence.


 The efficiency of using immortal essence stones was too low in replenishing rank eight immortal essence, the main source was self-production.


 But the immortal aperture’s immortal essence production depended on the immortal aperture origin core. And whether the immortal aperture origin core was strengthened or not, it depended on the immortal aperture’s development.


 To increase the development, Fang Yuan had to annex those three grotto-heavens.


 The fate war had consumed a large amount of Fang Yuan’s immortal essence reserves. Afterwards, Fang Yuan did not have any time to rest, he ran around many places during the qi tides, searching for a way to deal with heaven path dao marks. After finding the method, Fang Yuan entered Heavenly Court, which immediately started the pursuit battle.


 Over this period of time, Fang Yuan had fought too many battles and almost all the battles were against strong enemies who were at the peak of the Gu Immortal world.


 By now, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence reserves had already fallen below the warning line, he needed to rest and recuperate and could not fight anymore within a short period of time!


 "Fortunately, I seized the year essence pool and have plenty of time path methods that are able to speed up my immortal aperture’s time flow to the limits. Otherwise, my immortal essence would have already been exhausted."


 "Such a pity that I don’t have rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, otherwise I would not have to be worried about this."


 Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus could produce rank eight immortal essence, its owner, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, had been the venerable with the largest immortal essence reserves! Since Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable began his cultivation, he seemed to have never had to worry about primeval essence or immortal essence. On the contrary, his enemies would often fall into the awkward situation of using up all their primeval essence and immortal essence when fighting Genesis Lotus.


 Fang Yuan lacked immortal essence currently and it was delaying his recovery.


 To explore dream realms, he needed immortal essence.


 To cultivate soul path, he needed immortal essence.


 He had lost many of his Immortal Gu and they needed to be refined. He had many low ranked Immortal Gu which needed to be upgraded. The injured Immortal Gu needed to be repaired using refinement path methods, which also required immortal essence.


 Because of the lacking immortal essence, he had to reserve the final bit of it for any unexpected situations, so Fang Yuan could only put these tasks aside for the moment.


 Only because the difficulty of creating compound killer moves was very small, he was able to barely manage it. Testing new killer moves no doubt required immortal essence, but it was within an acceptable range.


 Besides accumulating immortal essence and deducing compound killer moves, Fang Yuan was relocating resource points as well as sorting out the immortal materials.


 The resource points of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens that could be moved were all relocated by Fang Yuan. After all, these grotto-heavens were in the immemorial two heavens, they had to defend a vast area and would not be able to defend against enemy attacks in time.


 The countless immortal materials were sorted out and stored in several storages within the sovereign immortal aperture. Fang Yuan imitated Heavenly Court and constructed several large disclosed storages as well as several highly valuable hidden storages.


 The variant human Gu Immortals enjoyed the favor of heaven’s will and were truly rich.


 Among the resources, wood path immortal materials were most abundant. Because Xiao He Jian and Green Forest Great Sage were minimen, besides them, there were also two wood path grotto-heavens.


 There were naturally many immortal materials of other paths as well, but what gave Fang Yuan a pleasant surprise was he was able to get luck path immortal materials, and at an astonishing scale at that!


 For example, luck path ancient desolate beast rolling cat, after collecting all of them, Fang Yuan discovered he had gathered dozens.


 This small cat was extremely exquisite and could roll around on an adult’s stretched palm.


 The rolling cat looked extremely endearing with its snow white fur, tender claws, and large shiny black eyes. Its purring sound was also extremely delicate, meow meow meow.... the listener’s heart would go wild.


 There was also lucky jade, this was a rank eight luck path immortal material. It let out dazzling light from time to time and contained a dense number of luck path dao marks.


 Tooth gap water was another luck path material. It looked no different from ordinary spring water, but if one drank it, it would get stuck in the gaps between teeth; it was not only extremely unpleasant, it even reduced the Gu Immortal’s luck sharply.


 "The variant human alliance does not have anyone cultivating luck path. But these people were able to develop a utopia away from the rule of humanity, they secluded themselves from the world and propagated, their luck naturally would be high. Let alone when they have the favor of heaven’s will!" Fang Yuan carefully pondered, it made sense to gain these luck path immortal materials.


 These luck path immortal materials were highly valuable to Fang Yuan and they came at the right time.


 Because he needed to advance many luck path Immortal Gu but had only raised the rank of Cooking Luck Pot. Cooking Luck Pot’s rank was somewhat too low for the current Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan estimated he would earn a large amount of immortal materials and even Immortal Gu in the future.


 Because those Eastern Sea Gu Immortal captives were still locked in the sovereign immortal aperture!


 Fang Yuan’s extortion letters were already sent to every large force of Eastern Sea.


 After the heads of Eastern Sea’s righteous path received the extortion letters, they sent them to Qi Sea Ancestor, hoping to listen to his opinion and ask him to decide.


 Qi Sea Ancestor had just finished running around all the two heavens’ grotto-heavens that had allied with him and absorbed all of the qi harvest fruits.


 Currently, his qi path dao marks had broken through two million!


 In less than half a month, the Qi Sea clone’s strength rose explosively at a shocking rate.


 The Qi Sea clone did not publicize and hid it for the moment, he would hide it however long he could.


 "If those remaining qi harvest fruits could grow up again, it would be better." Qi Sea Ancestor secretly hoped, but he knew there was not much chance of this happening.


 The qi harvest fruits were produced because of qi tides. Almost all the grotto-heavens were sitting on heaven veins, so they had major issues with this.


 In the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, the five regions’ qi tides showed no movements, which signified the merging of the five regions’ qi was near completion.


 Qi Sea Ancestor was also pondering about his own cultivation.


 He did not lack dao marks nor immortal essence, but killer moves.


 Qi Sea Ancestor only had few presentable killer moves. Although he obtained Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, Heavenly Court was too familiar with the killer moves in it and they needed to be modified.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s ambition naturally was not limited to just this.


 He wanted to create his own combat system!


 His killer moves alone could bully some rank eight experts or the weaker pseudo venerables. But when facing people like Spectral Soul and Duke Long, he needed an excellent combat system.


 The main factor that influenced a Gu Immortal’s strength was cultivation level. But killer moves, Immortal Gu, immortal essence, favorable conditions, and so on also were influencing factors. For instance, special killer moves like reverse flow protection seal could allow the Gu Immortal to bypass ranks in battle. A combat system was also one of the factors.


 To most Gu Immortals, a combat system was not necessary. Because the mentioned factors were enough to create a difference in battle strength and decide victory or defeat.


 But to Fang Yuan and Qi Sea, a combat system was a must.


 Because when cultivation level, killer moves, Immortal Gu and other common factors could not decide victory or defeat, it would depend on who had a mature and more outstanding combat system.


 Fang Yuan’s extortion letters made a round before finally arriving at Qi Sea Ancestor’s desk.


 Qi Sea Ancestor did not even take a glance at them, because he was aware of the content.


 "My injuries are not light, I need to recuperate in closed cultivation." Qi Sea Ancestor’s one sentence made Eastern Sea’s righteous path lose the will to resist Fang Yuan. Even Qi Sea Ancestor did not stand up, who else could resist Fang Yuan?


 Pay the immortal materials obediently to get back their clans’ Gu Immortals?


 Qi Sea Ancestor spoke once again: "I have already contacted Heavenly Court, maybe they will send their troops to reinforce us."


 The Eastern Sea righteous path Gu Immortals felt complicated emotions and could not say anything.


 After all, Qi Sea Ancestor was ’heavily injured’ and he even contacted Heavenly Court for them, he did not act indifferent towards them.


 As a lone cultivator who sided with the righteous path, Qi Sea Ancestor had already done what he could!


 As for those Xia clan Gu Immortals, they rested and recuperated inside the Qi Sea formation. Their first supreme elder was already killed by Fang Yuan, the remaining few Gu Immortals became much more obedient.


 They had been anything but obedient before, especially when the variant human Gu Immortals escaped from Central Continent. These Xia clan Gu Immortals had been extremely happy and thought the chance to regain their home had come.


 The result...


 The result was, the Qi Sea clone went along with and made use of their plan, their last Immortal Gu House was dismantled, their first supreme elder was killed.



***
Chapter 2074 Contribution Board


***





 



 Eastern Sea, Hot Springs blessed land.


 Ever since Fang Yuan subdued the variant human alliance, he had been in closed cultivation within Xia clan’s headquarters.


 And the dragonman clone Wu Shuai was representing him in handling the alliance’s daily affairs.


 "I have taken note of your contributions, you may leave now." Wu Shuai’s voice rang in the hall.


 "This subordinate takes his leave."


 At the next moment, the palace door opened and two miniman Gu Immortals flew out; they were Xiao He Jian and Green Forest Great Sage.


 After leaving the palace, the respectful expressions on their faces disappeared and were replaced by grief and helplessness.


 The reason the two immortals were summoned was because Fang Yuan had taken a fancy to their wood path Immortal Gu.


 Under Wu Shuai’s persuasion, the two immortals could only offer their wood path Immortal Gu.


 Green Forest Great Sage transmitted his voice that was filled with anger: "Lord Xiao, what do we do now? My forest Gu is the core for many of my killer moves, I have lost almost all my battle strength without it."


 Xiao He Jian’s expression was unsightly as well: "Hmph, you only lost rank seven forest Gu, I had to offer rank eight Gu myself."


 The two naturally were not willing to contribute, but the situation was beyond their control, what could they do about it?


 In fact, this situation had been happening often recently. Alliance members were all furious but did not dare to revolt.


 "The list has been published!" Suddenly, an excited voice reached the two miniman Gu Immortals’ ears.


 The two immortals changed direction and arrived in front of an information path mortal Gu House.


 There was a list pasted on this mortal Gu House, and there were two large words written at the top: Contribution Board!


 Looking below that, Xiao He Jian was listed at the top, his contribution points as high as four digits. As for Green Forest Great Sage, although he was not among the top three, he was top ten as well.


 Green Forest Great Sage became slightly happier: "Lord Xiao, look, you are in first place! Alliance Leader did not deceive us, he really remembered our contribution to the alliance."


 He was depressed earlier, but now his mood had gotten much better.


 Xiao He Jian snorted while commenting in his head: "This is just an exploitation method of the higher ups! I did not expect this demon Fang Yuan to have such political skills as well."


 "Sigh, I don’t have such indomitable strength like his and my headquarters still have the qi harvest fruit. In the current situation, what else can I do other than follow Fang Yuan?"


 Xiao He Jian had outstanding strength and was not any weaker than a Heavenly Court expert. Unfortunately, even with his strength, he could only lower his head in front of Fang Yuan.


 He was not willing to do so, but what could he do?


 Circumstances often gave people no choice!


 "Contribution board?" Soon, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest also learned of this significant news.


 "Over this period of time, alliance members were frequently summoned and pressured to offer Immortal Gu. Even Xiao He Jian was not exempted, what should I do?" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was worried.


 "My name has not appeared on the contribution board, this is not a good thing as a vice alliance leader." Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was feeling somewhat anxious.


 But he was reluctant to part with his ice and snow path Immortal Gu.


 "If so, I need to gather a batch of immortal materials and offer them. I have to be among the top on the contribution board!" Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch soon made up his mind.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan could force all of his subordinates to hand over their Immortal Gu. But this action would be too unsightly. The tiny bit of unity gathered would dissipate. If this happened, Fang Yuan’s previous efforts would have somewhat been in vain.


 Although Fang Yuan was a demonic overlord, he was also deeply aware of the righteous path’s tricks.


 Putting up a contribution board could ease many conflicts and could also stimulate the enthusiasm of others.


 Naturally, it was still the same in essence, the strong were exploiting the weak!


 On the very day Fang Yuan put up the contribution board, a major event happened on Qi Sea’s end as well.


 The Gu Immortals of Eastern Sea’s righteous path had gathered in the hall and appointed Qi Sea Ancestor as the alliance leader of Eastern Sea’s Righteous Qi Alliance!


 Fang Yuan led the variant human alliance which became a huge threat to Eastern Sea’s super forces. Especially the miserable defeat not long ago, it had increased the wariness and worry of Eastern Sea’s large forces regarding Fang Yuan’s force.


 Facing the bullying of the strong, the weak naturally had to work together.


 Forced by Fang Yuan, every super force’s intention to unite had never been so strong!


 As for the alliance leader’s position, there was no space for competition. All the clans jointly appointed Qi Sea Ancestor. Only Qi Sea Ancestor, who had pseudo venerable battle strength, could openly face Fang Yuan.


 The Qi Sea clone did not pretend to be modest, this situation was within his expectations.


 "Since I am the Righteous Qi Alliance’s alliance leader, I will give commands for the overall situation, I hope everyone will not merely pretend to obey the orders." Qi Sea Ancestor said solemnly.


 "We don’t dare to." Eastern Sea’s righteous path immortals responded.


 "There are three major tasks presently." Qi Sea Ancestor went into details, "First is the creation of an alliance storage, every clan has to offer a certain amount of resources, including not only immortal materials, but Immortal Gu recipes, immortal killer moves, and so on."


 "The second task is to immediately create a contribution board and mission board. It will be fair and impartial, anyone who contributes to the alliance from now on will have their merits known to everyone. The Righteous Qi Alliance’s affairs should be handled by people who are qualified to take on the tasks."


 "The third task is that alliance members should help and protect each other. If there is a traitor, other members must ally to get rid of the traitor, there must be no conniving."


 "Reasonable, very reasonable." The immortals agreed.


 They all knew that they could only create the foundation of the alliance by doing this. Otherwise, the Righteous Qi Alliance would only exist in name and would be better off not established.


 Qi Sea Ancestor held the first group discussion.


 The first topic was regarding the exchange of true inheritances and the communication of geniuses across various clans. Some clans had many refinement path Gu Immortals, while some were strong in wisdom path. Such collaboration could truly strengthen the whole Righteous Qi Alliance’s strength.


 The second topic was a discussion on how to negotiate with Fang Yuan and get back the captured Gu Immortals.


 All the clans hoped Fang Yuan could return the intact Gu Immortals with their immortal apertures. For this, they were willing to make a concession in terms of ransom.


 The third topic was to contact Heavenly Court openly with the Righteous Qi Alliance’s name, hoping to ally with Heavenly Court and establish an even stronger alliance army to exterminate Fang Yuan and the variant human alliance.


 After receiving this information, Wu Yong pondered quietly in the study room for an entire afternoon.


 Recently, Wu Yong got rid of the Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, increasing his reputation even more. However, soon afterwards, news of the fight between Fang Yuan and Qi Sea as well as the defeat of Eastern Sea’s righteous path was spread all over the world.


 The following developments made Wu Yong feel like they were too much to take in.


 Eastern Sea had split into two large alliances which entered the stage of confrontation!


 "Lord." Wu Ba Chong sought an audience.


 Looking at Wu Yong’s solemn expression, Wu Ba Chong knew of the situation and his tone became much more gentle.


 The changes in Eastern Sea’s situation were a heavy strike to Wu Yong’s ambition.


 Wu Yong had intended to invade Eastern Sea after uniting Southern Border. But now, Eastern Sea underwent a complete change, let alone the matter of two large alliances, Fang Yuan was openly occupying an area of Eastern Sea.


 Wu Yong’s great plan that was just about to start was showing signs of failure already.


 "Lord, do we still attack Mushroomman Paradise?" Wu Ba Chong asked.


 Wu Yong’s gaze flashed, he was too familiar with Wu Ba Chong and asked directly: "What happened this time?"


 Wu Ba Chong handed an information path mortal Gu.


 Wu Yong received and browsed it.


 He crushed the information path mortal Gu and slammed his fist on the desk. Bang, the brushes and papers were scattered everywhere.


 "These cowards, scoundrels!" Wu Yong clenched his teeth, his gaze carrying a trace of malevolent light.


 The information stated that a large number of Southern Border clans had secretly contacted Lu Wei Yin.


 Their reason for doing this was clear.


 Fang Yuan displayed the might of the number one demon in the world, which struck fear in these super forces!


 They might not want to be directly affiliated with Fang Yuan, but not long ago, Lu Wei Yin had collaborated with Fang Yuan and ambushed Spectral Soul. So these super forces secretly contacted Lu Wei Yin to ally with him.


 This was the way of survival for these super forces.


 On the surface, they could not tolerate the existence of demon Fang Yuan, but secretly, there was communication between them. In case something happens in the future, there would be a trace of friendship and an opportunity to survive.


 "Lord, demonic forces are rampant currently. Since lord has the great ambition of uniting the world, why not endure for some time and wait for a good opportunity?" Wu Ba Chong persuaded.


 Wu Yong fell into silence.


 He was aware of his plan and knew its pros and cons very well.


 In the Gu world, strength ruled above all! In ancient times, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable led humanity in overthrowing the rule of the variant humans. And at present, pseudo venerables like Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor were leading the whole world. The result of their confrontation would influence the politics of all five regions.


 An alliance of weaklings to fight the strong?


 History proved that this would always end up badly!


 The conflict of dao marks made numbers lose their advantage.


 Since ancient times, it was not that no predecessors thought of putting effort in this aspect. Ancient battle formations and Immortal Gu Houses emerged at opportune timings, but what of it?


 Look at the fate war, the main characters were Duke Long, Fang Yuan, Feng Jiu Ge and others. They were all Gu Immortals!


 Even Demon Judgment Board, Dragon Palace, Di Zang Sheng and others only served as support.


 Naturally, Wu Yong’s plan was not making an alliance of weaklings to fight the strong.


 He wanted to plunder enough resources through the alliance to increase his cultivation and battle strength to pseudo venerable and even venerable level!


 Developing a force was only a method to grow stronger, it could gather resources and pressure enemies. In the end, everything depended on oneself.


 Looking at the history of the five regions, super forces were no more than vassals of the strong. A super force’s prosperity and decline was determined by the condition of their top experts.


 After a long while, Wu Yong broke the silence and spoke: "Wu Ba Chong, your suggestion is reasonable. Alright, we will put off the attack on Mushroomman Paradise for the moment."


 "We need to do several things now." Wu Yong said while tapping the desk with his finger.


 "One, actively search and plunder all kinds of inheritances, strive to find venerable methods so that we can openly resist existences like Fang Yuan."


 "Two, spread rumors boasting about Fang Yuan’s strength, emphasize on the conflict between Fang Yuan and Heavenly Court, and try to make them fight each other."


 "Three, secretly take part in internal affairs of other Southern Border clans. Assassination, instigation, temptation, no matter what methods are used, I want them to be more obedient!"



***
Chapter 2075 Venerable Revival


***





 



 Central Continent.


 Flowing Silver blessed land.


 "Spare, please spare me!"


 "Retreat, she is demonic immortal Zi Wei! She is not someone we can fight."


 "Such bad luck, we just invaded and demonic immortal Zi Wei arrives!"


 The Central Continent Gu Immortals sighed as they escaped everywhere in a hurry.


 "Did I let you leave?" Fairy Zi Wei sneered, purple radiance spreading from her whole body.


 The radiance shone upon half the sky, most of the Central Continent Gu Immortals died miserably, and only one escaped alive.


 Fairy Zi Wei was a rank eight Gu Immortal and a wisdom path great expert. Against these rank six and rank seven Gu Immortals, she displayed absolutely despair-inducing battle strength.


 After easily killing the Gu Immortals, Fairy Zi Wei waved her finger, the Gu Immortals’ souls were pulled to Ying Wu Xie.


 "Master’s soul foundation will greatly increase once again after devouring them." Fairy Zi Wei said with a smile.


 Ying Wu Xie, however did not feel joy and was low-spirited: "Sigh, even if my foundation is stronger, so what? The main body is dead, I am merely a lingering split soul that is barely living."


 "Master, don’t lose spirit." An Xun quickly persuaded, "I have brought almost all the soul path resources of Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven, they are food for your cultivation."


 During this period of time, An Xun had already joined with Fairy Zi Wei and Ying Wu Xie.


 After urging Ying Wu Xie, An Xun said to Fairy Zi Wei: "Lady Zi Wei, did you intentionally let that transformation path Gu Immortal leave? Why did you do that? Are you hoping for him to bring in even more Gu Immortals?"


 An Xun’s soul was tampered by Spectral Soul and had extreme loyalty towards Ying Wu Xie. He would object to anything that went against Ying Wu Xie’s benefits.


 Right now, he was staring fixedly at Fairy Zi Wei with a questioning look.


 Fairy Zi Wei sneered and did not respond.


 Ying Wu Xie quickly lightened the mood: "If I am not wrong, that transformation path Gu Immortal should be Steel Rush Warrior. He is Fang Yuan’s subordinate, a Gu Immortal of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven. After the fate war, he has been drifting about in the outside world."


 An Xun frowned and felt indignant: "It was Fang Yuan who killed our master’s main body, he is our sworn enemy. There is even more reason not to let him leave!"


 Ying Wu Xie sighed: "At present, Fang Yuan’s demonic might is overwhelming, he has completely subdued the variant human alliance and is occupying a region of Eastern Sea. When he fought Eastern Sea’s righteous path alliance, he displayed pseudo venerable battle strength and should have already broken free from the shackles of the heaven path dao marks. He is now calling his subordinates to return, do you think any super force will dare to block them? Even Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects are turning a blind eye to it."


 Fairy Zi Wei added: "Fang Yuan is crafty, despicable, sinister, and vicious. In his youth, he slaughtered his whole clan and relatives to increase his aptitude. He is cold and heartless, be it the fate war or the recent battle against Heavenly Court, he threw those subordinates away without any hesitation. Even if we killed this Steel Rush Warrior, can we inflict any loss to Fang Yuan?"


 "Damn it!" An Xun clenched his fists as he realized: "This demon’s dominance has been established, we cannot destabilize him indeed. Not only this, even killing his subordinates poses a huge threat should Fang Yuan decide to investigate it. Since this demon has already recovered his battle strength, why has he not gone to fight Heavenly Court?"


 Fairy Zi Wei analyzed while looting Flowing Silver blessed land: "I have a suspicion, that is Fang Yuan’s immortal essence reserves. It is very likely he lacks immortal essence currently. He may only have been putting up a front when fighting Qi Sea Ancestor, currently, he should be completely focused on recuperating."


 "Are you sure?" An Xun’s eyes shone: "Maybe we can make use of this!"


 Fairy Zi Wei fell into silence once again.


 Ying Wu Xie gave a bitter smile: "Do you know what our greatest gain in fighting with Fang Yuan is?"


 "What?"


 "It is that this person, Fang Yuan, can never be estimated with common sense. According to the previous battles’ intensity and frequency, it is common sense for him to be lacking immortal essence now. But no one knows how many methods he has, how many venerables have provided resources for him, what miraculous methods he has brought back from his rebirth. Even my main body fell to his trap, it was not easy for us to escape, it is better if we don’t try to provoke him." Ying Wu Xie explained.


 Fairy Zi Wei frowned, Ying Wu Xie’s words did not upset her, instead she felt somewhat worried about Ying Wu Xie’s morale.


 Fang Yuan showed astonishing performances so frequently that Ying Wu Xie was now filled with fear. This was not the disposition of the grand Spectral Soul!


 Ying Wu Xie was not just a split soul of Spectral Soul, he was the master whom Fairy Zi Wei and An Xun had devoted their loyalty to, they were looking forward to his rise.


 To lift Ying Wu Xie’s spirit, Fairy Zi Wei pondered for a while and said slowly: "Fang Yuan is terrifying indeed. He has always been pressured by all forces. Be it the forceful push by great venerables or the pursuit of Heavenly Court when I led it, he had to keep on wandering around from place to place for a long time in a precarious state."


 "According to my guess, Fang Yuan was only a chess piece, and the moment he destroyed fate Gu, the venerables who supported him abandoned him. Not only abandoned, they even want to get rid of him! Be it the shackles from heaven path dao marks or Spectral Soul’s pursuit, they are both evidence of this."


 "But now, Fang Yuan has escaped the shackles and killed Spectral Soul. He is free from the venerables’ arrangements and obtained freedom. He never had the time to develop himself properly, but now he has."


 "Currently, he is growing stronger with every moment of time at an unknowable speed. Even though I am a wisdom path great expert and have fought Fang Yuan many times, I am unable to estimate how strong he will be the next time he makes a move."


 "But, no matter how strong he becomes, as long as he does not become venerable, he is not invincible." Fairy Zi Wei changed the subject.


 Ying Wu Xie gave a bitter smile: "Who can say for sure, Fang Yuan might have already become a venerable the next time he makes a move."


 "No." Fairy Zi Wei smiled, "The realm of venerable is not that easy to reach. Since ancient times, there have only been ten of them. Venerable ascension holds an enormous secret! All the clues point out that the venerables who helped Fang Yuan will not inform him of this secret."


 "So that’s it!" An Xun clapped and said excitedly: "This is too good. As long as Fang Yuan does not become a venerable, he will only be a pseudo venerable, no matter how strong he is, there will be limits. Be they Qi Sea Ancestor or Divine Emperor City, they both can fight him."


 Ying Wu Xie let out a breath of air: "That means, as long as Fang Yuan does not become venerable, we still have hope?"


 Fairy Zi Wei nodded: "Although Fang Yuan is strong, there are many restrictions on him. Fate Gu is destroyed, the order of the world has turned chaotic. Since Demon Immortal Qi Jue revived, could venerables not revive as well? That would not make sense. Demon Immortal Qi Jue was only a pseudo venerable."


 An Xun’s heart shook: "Lady Zi Wei, you once led Heavenly Court, can it be that you have some clues on venerable revival?"


 Fairy Zi Wei shook her head slightly: "This is only my guess, I have no evidence. But one thing is obvious; the stronger the Gu Immortal, the more difficult it is for them to revive. Demon Immortal Qi Jue consumed a grotto-heaven and also borrowed the help of the qi harvest fruit. Even so, because of the severe interference during the revival process, Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s strength was not consistent with Heavenly Court’s records, it fell after the revival. A venerable’s revival will be countless times more difficult than Qi Jue’s."


 As she said this, Fairy Zi Wei could not help but think of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.


 She already had many suspicions.


 These last days, although she and Ying Wu Xie were pursued, Heavenly Court did not chase them intensely.


 After carefully thinking of it, although Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s arrangements showed up during the fate war, they clearly were not focused on guarding Heavenly Court.


 Under the control of Genesis Lotus’ will, Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City combined, forming Divine Emperor City. But during the fate war, it only stayed in Central Continent and did not move.


 And the battle not long ago proved Divine Emperor City could move.


 And after the bamboo tree painting that Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable arranged at the topmost floor of Heaven Overseeing Tower absorbed many of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal experts, it flew out of Heavenly Court and left without a trace.


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had left behind various methods, but Fairy Zi Wei all along felt Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s focus was on other things, and not on defending Heavenly Court and protecting fate Gu.


 "Fang Yuan might have also sensed this so he did not attack Divine Emperor City, I assume?" Fairy Zi Wei gazed towards Eastern Sea.


 It was unknown who released the rumor in treasure yellow heaven, but rumors that were luring Fang Yuan and Heavenly Court into fighting were spreading wildly.


 There was only one discussion in the whole of the world of the five regions’ immortals — the fight between Fang Yuan and Heavenly Court’s Divine Emperor City would decide who was the ruler of the world!


 Wu Yong only started it, Western Desert’s Gu Immortals, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, and even the two heaven’s Gu Immortals had strong motives to secretly give momentum to this rumor.


 "This plan is quite good, but what kind of person is Fang Yuan, will he fall for it?" Fairy Zi Wei sneered.


 The world’s game of chess that involved all living beings was decided by the fight between several people. Although Fairy Zi Wei did not have the strength to participate, as a wisdom path great expert, she had the ability to observe this game.


 Flowing Silver blessed land was looted completely and Fairy Zi Wei successfully obtained the Flowing Silver inheritance as well.


 This was a metal path inheritance created by Silver Horn, a rank seven Gu Immortal of Central Continent.


 It did not have much value to Fairy Zi Wei. Ying Wu Xie and An Xun also cultivated soul path, so the true inheritance’s value was not big. The useful part of it were the immortal materials in the blessed land.


 After making sure they did not miss out on anything, Fairy Zi Wei and the group immediately left this place.


 Immemorial black heaven.


 Under Bing Sai Chuan’s lead, Hei Lou Lan arrived in front of Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 "Longevity Heaven actually hid such a trump card!" Hei Lou Lan was inwardly shaken.


 The rank eight Immortal Gu House in front of her was much larger than Calamity Luck Altar, its grand dark golden body revealed signs of vicissitudes that spanned across countless years, but had a disposition of being firm and unshakable.


 "I brought you here to seek an audience with a person." Bing Sai Chuan led Hei Lou Lan inside the depths of Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 "You, you are?!" Hei Lou Lan’s eyes widened as she saw Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, who was sitting cross-legged on a cushion mat.


 The intense reaction from her bloodline and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s appearance made Hei Lou Lan quickly confirm the identity of this person.


 She immediately knelt on the ground and bowed: "This unfilial descendant greets Ancestor Giant Sun!"


 "Good child, get up." Immortal Zombie Giant Sun smiled kindly.


 A formless and gentle force lifted the agitated Hei Lou Lan.


 She had just stood up when she heard Immortal Zombie Giant Sun continue: "You are my outstanding descendant, if we talk about who was unfilial, those Gu Immortals of Hei tribe were the unfilial ones. They are cowards who actually surrendered to an outsider — that junior Bai Zu."


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun paused before continuing: "Hei Lou Lan, from today onwards, you will cultivate in Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, in the future, you will go to Northern Plains and rebuild Hei tribe!"



***
Chapter 2076 Earth Treasury


***





 



 Bai Ning Bing opened her eyes and the first thing she saw was warm yellow light.


 "You are awake." A seemingly familiar voice resounded in her ears, but she could not be certain.


 A few breaths of time later, Bai Ning Bing’s vision became clearer.


 She saw Fairy Miao Yin and Black Tigress beside her.


 Bai Ning Bing barely had any strength left, she used her hands to push her upper body up: "Where is this?"


 She looked around and saw she was in a cave. The cave was extremely peculiar, its form was like a sphere, and Bai Ning Bing’s group was at the bottom of the sphere.


 The spherical cave’s inner walls had large patches of scattered yellow soil. From time to time, red lights flashed, like they were flowing on the yellow soil which seemed to condense into blood veins.


 "Wait a moment, these are..." Bai Ning Bing was bewildered. She saw immortal materials embedded in the inner walls at set intervals of distance.


 The first material she saw was a piece of copper near her.


 The copper was firm and dominant, it was inlaid in the soil and glittered with cold metallic light.


 "Isn’t this rank seven immortal material domination copper?" Bai Ning Bing recognized it.


 She then saw a pure white iron lump not far from the domination copper.


 The iron lump’s aura was even stronger than the domination copper; it was the rank eight immortal material white snow iron!


 "What’s going on here? In the production area of domination copper, there would not be other rank seven metallic materials. But just a brief look and I can see more than five types of rank seven metallic materials."


 "And white snow iron only appears in rooster iron mines, how could there be lone white snow iron here?"


 "Looks like even you don’t recognize this place, Bai Ning Bing." Black Tigress said with disappointment.


 Fairy Miao Yin said with a smile: "We only woke up a while earlier than you and are also greatly puzzled about this place. This place is too fantastic, it seems to be a storage for immortal materials. Not only metal path immortal materials, there are also materials of other paths. Take a look over there."


 Fairy Miao Yin pointed towards the left of Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing looked towards the direction and saw a small patch of soil where a dozen or so large round turnips were growing.


 "I know, this is white wine turnip, white wine is produced inside it. Although it is only rank six, it is a rare food path immortal material." said Bai Ning Bing.


 "Now look here." Fairy Miao Yin pointed again.


 Bai Ning Bing discovered a lump of wind.


 This wind had condensed into a lump, the size of a woolen ball, it was dark green and its sounds were low and deep.


 Bai Ning Bing had obtained Bai Xiang grotto-heaven and followed Fang Yuan for a long time, she could be considered to be experienced and knowledgeable. After seeing this lump of wind, she narrowed her eyes as she thought of its relevant records.


 "This is profound eerie wind, a rank eight wind path immortal material. It only appears deep in the underground, even Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals have a huge desire for it."


 Metal path immortal materials like domination copper, white snow iron, and others; food path immortal material white wine turnip; wind path immortal material profound eerie wind. Besides these, Bai Ning Bing and the rest also discovered red snake iron, orchid vitality qi, dream soil and so on.


 "What is this?" Bai Ning Bing and the group saw a small fox above them.


 Its hairy tail and limbs were all trapped in the soil. When it saw Bai Ning Bing’s group had discovered it, it curled into a ball from fear and let out soft whimpers.


 The three female immortals’ eyes widened, they were dazed for a while before they said in unison: "Blue smoke fox child!"


 This was a rank eight transformation path immortal material, even \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e had records of it.


 "What place is this?"


 "Blue smoke fox child is already extinct, but this place has it."


 The three immortals then discovered purple manor soil.


 This was a rank eight immortal material which looked like a patch of soil with purple grains, purple smoke rose above from the ground. The purple smoke could only rise half an inch before it condensed back to even smaller grains that fell on the purple manor soil.


 "This purple manor soil had long been completely extinct. Because its effect was too powerful, it only appeared for a brief moment in history." Fairy Miao Yin said with certainty.


 Purple manor soil’s effect was extraordinary. A strand of purple smoke, when put inside an aperture, could raise a mortal Gu Master’s cultivation level. And when enough purple manor soil was put inside an immortal aperture, it could similarly raise a Gu Immortal’s cultivation level!


 The three immortals searched roughly for a while and found that there was many kinds of immortal materials here. Although the quantity of each material was slightly little, their overall value was enormous!


 "Crystal essence is the highest in quantity here. Earth path crystal essence, water path crystal essence, lightning path crystal essence, and so on. Could this be the legendary secluded domain of heaven and earth — Hu Land?" Black Tigress guessed.


 Fairy Miao Yin shook her head: "Although \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e did not record it in details, since Hu Land is mentioned together with Xi Land, it should be similar to Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s Xi Land."


 Bai Ning Bing smiled: "It is really amazing and mysterious! There are even heavenly crystals here, aren’t heavenly crystals a product of the nine heavens? We should be deep underground right now."


 The three immortals continued to discuss and soon rejected the previous assumption.


 "So crystal essence is not the highest in quantity here, it is the blood veins buried in the soil."


 At every set interval of time, the earth blood veins would shine and flow like blood capillaries had grown in the ground. Because of them, Bai Ning Bing had discovered the flowing red light before.


 Following the blood veins, the three immortals discovered its source, which was also their most important discovery.


 A delicate little black-yellow heart.


 With it as the source, the net-like blood veins spread out widely.


 The three immortals looked at each other before shaking their heads, none of them recognized the history of this black-yellow heart.


 "But this is clearly a luck path immortal material."


 "It is rank nine, the most valuable immortal material here!"


 "There are no signs of humans here, the work of nature really leaves one dumbstruck."


 "The world is vast, it is truly mysterious and interesting, spectacular and exquisite. If us Gu Immortals don’t live a brilliant life, then we truly would have lived in vain, what meaning is there in such a life?" Bai Ning Bing was full of praise.


 Fairy Miao Yin looked at Bai Ning Bing’s expression and sighed helplessly.


 Bai Ning Bing was such a person, she concentrated on herself and pursued excitement, she did not care about life or death, let alone talk of any morals or ethics.


 Fairy Miao Yin disliked Bai Ning Bing before, but if not for Bai Ning Bing risking her life to fight in the previous battle, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit would have been Heavenly Court’s prisoners.


 Black Tigress said: "This is great, these immortal materials will definitely be of huge help to master."


 The master she was talking of was naturally Fang Yuan.


 Fairy Miao Yin glanced at her, sighing helplessly in her mind once again.


 She knew: Lady White Rabbit was not much different from Bai Ning Bing, she was also an abnormality. Lady White Rabbit’s true inheritance was extremely strange and was a top tier dual path cultivation technique.


 Lady White Rabbit cultivated light and dark path, following the idea that light cannot exist without darkness and darkness cannot exist without light. When Lady White Rabbit’s cultivation was rank six, her transformation, Black Tigress, would be rank seven. When Lady White Rabbit possessed rank seven cultivation, Black Tigress would possess rank eight cultivation!


 But this inheritance had a huge influence on the cultivator’s mental state.


 Lady White Rabbit was pure and kind while Black Tigress was fierce and ruthless, both had extreme characters. Not only this, once the feelings of acknowledgement and reverence were accumulated in the depths of White Rabbit and Black Tigress, they were unable to be changed.


 After the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, Black Tigress was even more in admiration regarding Fang Yuan. Because even Spectral Soul was killed by Fang Yuan!


 Hearing that Black Tigress wanted to offer these immortal materials to Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing’s face immediately turned dark. Her eyes let out a dangerous light as she took a step forward: "You actually have such a stupid thought?"


 "Are you calling me stupid?" Black Tigress raised her brows and said furiously: "You really think I am afraid of you?"


 "You two!" Fairy Miao Yin immediately stood between the two: "It was not easy for us to escape here. Our lives and freedom that we obtained by using all our efforts should not be used on strife between ourselves. What we need to consider is what we should do next!"


 Bai Ning Bing and Black Tigress were persuaded as they stopped with a snort.


 The three immortals continued to explore.


 They dug a small hole and saw the raging earth qi outside the cave.


 "We are still in the earth vein!"


 "What do we do?"


 "With just our strength, even if we collaborate, the risk is too high."


 This discovery worried the immortals.


 Fortunately, this place did not restrict communication with the outside world.


 The three immortals easily connected with treasure yellow heaven and quickly understood the situation after the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, as well as the rising storm in Eastern Sea during this period of time.


 Black Tigress was exulted: "Master finally broke free from his predicament and became the number one demon lord!"


 Fairy Miao Yin was somewhat worried: "I did not expect Heavenly Court to still have a trump card like Divine Emperor City. Even the powerful Demon Immortal Qi Jue was captured. Sigh, Heavenly Court’s foundation is truly too deep."


 Black Tigress snorted: "What is a mere Immortal Gu House? Its methods are fixed and hard to change. As long as master probes all the methods of Divine Emperor City, it will be easy for him to crack this Immortal Gu House."


 Black Tigress’ eyes were shining as she said in a firm tone: "I am going to return, master has already sent the word and summoned his subordinates. I will immediately return and continue to follow master!"


 Fairy Miao Yin nodded, approving of Black Tigress’s thoughts.


 She knew the five regions’ regional walls were gone, fate Gu was destroyed, and it would be a chaotic world in the future. To survive in this chaotic world, it was best to rely on the strong.


 Naturally, Fairy Miao Yin knew of Fang Yuan’s ruthlessness and coldness, but she had nowhere else to go now.


 Compared to Black Tigress, Fairy Miao Yin had limited loyalty towards Fang Yuan.


 What she cared about was mainly herself.


 So, when Fairy Zi Wei captured Fairy Miao Yin, Fairy Miao Yin had cooperated.


 But the current situation was different, Fang Yuan was now recognized as the number one demonic immortal in the world. Even Heavenly Court was vaguely suppressed by him! Even if Fairy Miao Yin wanted to side with other forces, who would dare to accept her? Would they not be afraid of Fang Yuan knowing about it and coming to settle the score?


 Bai Ning Bing sneered at the other two: "Looks like you still want to follow Fang Yuan? Hehe, do you have a brain or not? Who do you think is the cause of our situation? Wasn’t it Fang Yuan who abandoned you? He could abandon you once, he can naturally abandon you a second time, or even a third time."


 "Why do you always want to rely on others? This is the best opportunity to gain freedom! Although our alliance agreement with Fang Yuan is still there, it has already been suppressed by Fairy Zi Wei. The world thinks we died in battle, even Heavenly Court is in the dark. You still want to return?"


 Fairy Miao Yin sighed: "Bai Ning Bing, don’t forget our status. We are wanted demonic immortals, listed on the Demon Judgment Board and hunted by the righteous paths of the five regions. What else can we do if we don’t go to Fang Yuan? If we fight by ourselves, we will be discovered one day and be hunted for bounty by waves after waves of Gu Immortal experts."


 Bai Ning Bing laughed loudly: "Running for our lives will definitely be exciting. Don’t you have any anticipation towards it?"


 Fairy Miao Yin rolled her eyes.


 Black Tigress snorted: "Even if Lord Fang Yuan abandons me again, I am still willing to follow him!"


 Bai Ning Bing and Fairy Miao Yin were speechless.



***
Chapter 2077 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool!


***





 



 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan’s months of arrangements (in the immortal aperture’s time) had reached the crucial moment!


 Within a square shaped pool, there was a small pavilion situated at the center.


 Following Fang Yuan’s will, a Gu worm slowly flew towards the pavilion.


 This Gu resembled a round pearl, it was as large as a goose egg, the pearl had countless markings on it that were moving around, they were brilliant like a blooming field of lotuses, or the rumbling of clouds.


 It was blood asset Immortal Gu!


 This was a unique Gu created by Lang Ya land spirit by combining some blood path Gu recipes he bought in treasure yellow heaven.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu’s effect was to protect a portion of the immortal materials or Gu worms during refinement. If the refinement failed, some of these immortal materials or Gu worms could be restored afterwards using blood asset Immortal Gu.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu was originally only at rank six, but not long ago, Fang Yuan had used the Long Hair refinement path formation to refine it to rank seven.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu House slowly flew to the top of the pavilion where a golden seat was constructed.


 Inside Fang Yuan’s mind, thoughts surged like tidal waves. This step looked simple from outside, but in actuality, Fang Yuan spent one hundred thousand thoughts every second to complete this final step!


 Splat.


 With a soft sound, blood asset Immortal Gu finally landed on the golden seat.


 Shortly after, as Fang Yuan transferred his immortal essence, the golden seat produced an attraction force that fixed blood asset Immortal Gu in place.


 Blood asset Immortal Gu burst out with dense blood light.


 The blood light was like water as it flowed down from the roof of the pavilion, dying everything in its path; the white jade-like pavilion was dyed crimson red.


 After it dyed the pavilion, the blood light continued to spread and covered the calm pool.


 The pool water became red like blood.


 Slight waves appeared on the surface of the pool. Burble burble, waves struck the squarish rock walls surrounding it, but the waves immediately disappeared, as the pool became calm once again.


 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool’s construction was finally completed!


 Fang Yuan wiped off the sweat on his forehead. After maintaining the tense state for over a month, he could finally relax.


 He immediately felt an extremely intense exhaustion spread from his bones to his entire body.


 "I consumed too much mental energy, a lot of immortal essence was also expended." Fang Yuan was aware of it, his mind was exhausted and he wanted nothing more than to fall asleep without caring for anything else.


 He did just that.


 This sleep lasted for two days and two nights.


 Thereafter, he finally recovered his spirit.


 Shortly after, Fang Yuan used his divine sense to inspect this Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 After inspecting once and finding there were no mistakes, he nodded in satisfaction.


 To construct this refinement pool, he had racked his brains and spent an enormous effort!


 And after paying such a price, the constructed Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was without any doubt the peak creation of refinement path in the present world.


 Fang Yuan’s Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool’s was conceptualized by merging Immortal Gu Houses and immortal formations together, such as Regret Pool, Refinement Cauldron, and Long Hair refinement path formation.


 Regret Pool was one of the three legendary pools of the world along with Heavenly Pool and Wine Pool, they were all famous in history. When Gu Immortals refined Immortal Gu successfully in it, they could leave an insignia behind. When the Immortal Gu was destroyed, Regret Pool could be activated, using the power of the tributary of the River of Time and the preserved insignia to refine the Immortal Gu again, the success rate was about fifty to sixty percent.


 Sun Ming Lu, one of the seven extremities of Longevity Heaven, imitated Regret Pool and constructed a super Gu formation, fate reversing sacrificial refinement formation, to refine rank eight Fortune Rivaling Heaven for Old Ancestor Xue Hu.


 Refinement Cauldron was the most proud masterpiece of Long Hair Ancestor, it possessed the ability to forcefully refine Immortal Gu. In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Lang Ya blessed land relied on it to defend against seven waves of enemy attacks. The Immortal Gu of the Gu Immortals who invaded the blessed land were forcefully refined, and countless Gu Immortals were captured like this.


 Long Hair refinement path formation was even more so the strongest foundation of Lang Ya Sect, the essence of its trump cards. The formation was extremely outstanding and only hairy man Gu Immortals could control it. In history, Long Hair Ancestor had refined Immortal Gu for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable by using this formation. Before the fate war, Fang Yuan had refined many Immortal Gu by similarly relying on the grand might of this formation.


 If Fang Yuan’s refinement path and time path attainment levels were not at quasi-supreme grandmaster, he would never be able to think of such a design.


 Just the design of this Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was unprecedented, and it was likely that no one in the future would be able to accomplish it as well. The price that Fang Yuan paid to construct this Immortal Gu House was shockingly high!


 First of all, Fang Yuan dismantled the Long Hair refinement path formation that had a long history and was unparalleled; one of its cores, rank eight Immortal Gu Advance Refinement, was still used as a core, becoming a portion of the foundation of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan used rank eight Immortal Gu Regret, which was the essence of Regret Pool, to construct the pavilion in the pool.


 Thirdly, Fang Yuan specially constructed a year essence sub-pool outside to lead a tributary of the River of Time into the square pool. To accomplish this step, Fang Yuan arranged three rank eight time path Immortal Gu; Early Autumn, Mid Autumn, and Late Autumn (from Three Autumn Yellow Crane Platform).


 Finally, Fang Yuan even put the incomplete form of Refinement Sea into the pool. Lang Ya land spirit had heavily invested in Refinement Sea because he wanted to create a refinement path secluded domain of heaven and earth. To successfully put in the incomplete form of Refinement Sea, Fang Yuan had to use rank eight Immortal Gu Water Refinement as well.


 The entire Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had four main cores; rank eight Immortal Gu Advance Refinement, Water Refinement, Regret, and rank seven Immortal Gu Blood Asset. Thus, it was named ’Four Elements’. There were over twenty supplementary Immortal Gu; rank eight Early Autumn, Mid Autumn, and Late Autumn were among the top ones. As for mortal Gu, there were over one hundred million, their types were as numerous as stars, this was simply unheard of.


 Fang Yuan had used almost all his refinement path Immortal Gu in this, time path Immortal Gu, wisdom path Immortal Gu and other paths’ Immortal Gu were also not invested in small numbers. Fortunately, he controlled the variant human alliance and also extorted Eastern Sea’s Righteous Qi Alliance, only then did he have a sufficient number of suitable Immortal Gu.


 With such an amazing investment without any regard for the cost, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had the abilities of Long Hair refinement path formation, Regret Pool, Refinement Cauldron, Refinement Sea, and so on. It was infused with various refinement path techniques like flesh body blood refinement technique, seven kill blood path Gu refinement method, Bei Luo ice refinement method, and so on. It could utilize refinement path killer moves like slumbering lightning python, wind grind, reflect snow, muffled thunder stone drum, dragon-shaped blizzard, heavenly light ring, refinement snake lifespan flower, omnipresent four seas, and even ’one step back, sea and sky expands’.


 As soon as Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was constructed, it became the number one refinement path Immortal Gu House in the entire history of Gu cultivation!


 There was no debate, nothing could rival it.


 "If news about it is spread, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool can absolutely compete with Divine Emperor City and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building for the position of the number one Immortal Gu House."


 Divine Emperor City was a human path sacred land, while Eighty-Eight True Yang Building controlled Northern Plains, raising the Huang Jin bloodline to its height. And Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was as good as them.


 It merged the essence of human style Gu refinement and hairy man nature Gu refinement. With it, not only could the cost of refining Immortal Gu decrease sharply, the success rate had also increased beyond imagination!


 Whoever controlled this Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool would have an unceasing supply of Immortal Gu!


 "But, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool is not comprehensive. It is heavily focused on Gu refinement, and has almost no strength in other aspects like offense, defense, movement."


 "Moreover, in this world, only I, Fang Yuan, can construct it. Even if other Gu Immortals get its blueprint, they can do nothing with it!"


 If a Gu Immortal saw Fang Yuan’s design, they would praise it endlessly at first. But when they started delving deeper, they would begin to curse and feel disdain, they would think this design was too naive and absurdly impossible.


 Because the design of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool did not consider the case of conflicting dao marks in almost all the areas.


 Only inside the sovereign immortal aperture, where there were no conflicting dao marks, could Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool be turned into reality.


 In fact, as long as Fang Yuan took out Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool from his aperture, this Immortal Gu House would automatically collapse because of the severe internal friction and rejection of different dao marks!


 In fact, it would not have been possible to construct this Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool when Fang Yuan had three thousand heaven path dao marks.


 It was because Fang Yuan annexed three rank eight grotto-heavens, Grand Swine, Novelty, and Time Difference, and refined their heaven path dao marks, that he was able to meet the lowest requirement for refining Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 Each of these three grotto-heavens had merged with a nine heavens fragment before, and the nine heavens fragments contained heaven path dao marks.


 Time Difference grotto-heaven possessed over seven hundred thousand time path dao marks and had over eight hundred heaven path dao marks.


 Novelty grotto-heaven contained over one million and six hundred thousand rule path dao marks and had over one thousand nine hundred heaven path dao marks.


 Grand Swine grotto-heaven had the most dao marks, with over three million and two hundred thousand transformation path dao marks and over three thousand three hundred heaven path dao marks.


 At present, Fang Yuan’s heaven path dao marks had already grown to over nine thousand!



***
Chapter 2078 Targeting Luck Path Firs


***





 



 Most of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens possessed a vast number of dao marks.


 The main source of these dao marks were not tribulations but the contribution of generations of Gu Immortals.


 For instance, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven had over seven million soul path dao marks! With such an amount of soul path dao marks, the grotto-heaven contained a large number of super resource points.


 At the start, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven only had over one hundred thousand soul path dao marks. After it fused with a large nine heavens fragment, it was free from calamities and tribulations.


 With the favor of heaven’s will, Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven produced Gu Immortals generation after generations.


 These Gu Immortals were humans, although they could casually choose their cultivation paths, most of them chose soul path.


 Because the grotto-heaven had all kinds of soul path dao marks, it could be said they would enjoy a natural advantage in cultivating soul path. Even if Gu Immortals chose other paths, their number was extremely few and it was many times more difficult for them to obtain cultivation resources of other paths.


 In fact, the two heavens were not places where ordinary rank six and rank seven Gu Immortals could explore.


 Normally speaking, only a few rank seven experts and ordinary rank eights could take the risk to explore the two heavens to gather resources.


 And after these soul path Gu Immortals died, almost all of their immortal apertures merged with Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven.


 Although these Gu Immortals did not have the sovereign immortal aperture and there would be a lot of internal friction when merging immortal apertures, because their dao marks were mainly soul path dao marks, there was much more benefit than loss in merging.


 As this continued for generations after generations, it had accumulated to the current number of over seven million dao marks!


 Since the moment he started cultivating, be it in his previous life or now, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was Fang Yuan’s largest investment. He had thrown in all the resources of refinement path into it, even using time path, rule path, wisdom path, blood path, and other paths.


 With Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, Fang Yuan’s refinement path ability had a massive increase, becoming the number one in refinement path in the present world. Adding on his quasi-supreme refinement path attainment level, even over the long span of history, he was absolutely among the top three in refinement path.


 But because he had invested many Immortal Gu of time path, rule path, and other paths, the relevant paths’ foundation had subsequently decreased.


 Over this period of rest, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress had yet to be repaired, immortal essence reserves had already returned to normal, many Immortal Gu were invested, but because of a massive surge in his major paths’ dao marks, Fang Yuan’s overall strength had not decreased but increased instead!


 Fang Yuan’s days were getting better.


 Thinking of before, Fang Yuan had lived almost every day in a precarious state, he was forcefully pushed forward by schemes of venerables and hunted down everywhere by Heavenly Court. And now, Spectral Soul was dead, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven were recuperating, Fang Yuan no longer had a lot of external pressure and he could formulate his cultivation plan much more relaxedly.


 From a long term view, constructing Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was absolutely a highly rewarding project!


 "Now, it is time to refine and advance my luck path Immortal Gu to rank eight level." Fang Yuan looked at Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool with pride, he already had a plan.


 When fate Gu existed, the ratio of fate and luck in the world was about nine-to-one. Now that fate Gu was destroyed, luck path’s influence had no doubt surged!


 Especially when the five regions chaotic war was in accordance with the overall situation; the more chaos there was, the more effects luck path could display.


 "My current immortal material reserves have already reached an unprecedented level, I have the capability to refine rank eight luck path Immortal Gu. But it is still not enough to construct a complete Refinement Sea. Hmm?"


 Just as Fang Yuan was pondering, he suddenly received Black Tigress’ message through treasure yellow heaven.


 "They are still alive and trapped in an earth vein. Interesting, they are hiding in Earth Treasury. This is good, Earth Treasury is one of the ten earths, every Earth Treasury holds abundant immortal materials, especially the rank nine luck path immortal material, favored heart, it is perfect for my current usage!"


 Fang Yuan could not help feeling happy.


 Rank nine luck path immortal material could refine rank nine luck path Immortal Gu.


 But just a single Earth Treasury’s favored heart was far from enough.


 Among Fang Yuan’s luck path immortal materials, most were rank seven while a small portion were rank eight. He clearly did not have the foundation to try refining rank nine luck path Immortal Gu.


 But using rank nine immortal material to refine rank eight Immortal Gu could slightly increase the success rate as well.


 With favored heart, Fang Yuan was like a tiger who gained wings!


 Southern Border, Chi clan headquarters.


 Bam.


 The current Chi clan first supreme elder slammed the table fiercely and said through clenched teeth: "Outrageous!"


 This rank seven Gu Immortal, who looked rather young, had pale white skin and dark eyes that showed signs of excessive drinking, was furious at this moment.


 It was Chi Bang.


 He was Chi Qu You’s son, Chi Qu You had greatly supported him and had internally appointed him as the next first supreme elder. Although Chi Qu You died in the fate war, because he had made sufficient arrangements, Chi Bang succeeded in inheriting the position.


 After Chi Bang got the position, he sensed that the situation was greatly different from before.


 Previously, he was under his father Chi Qu You’s protection, there was Chi Qu You to shelter him from any trouble. But now, he had to face the pressure directly.


 This time, Southern Border’s super force Yang clan had given him a tough problem.


 The cause of this was a sound path inheritance. This sound path inheritance was called Roar, it had a long history and its reputation was spread far and wide. It had been passed down since long ago.


 The previous generation Roar inheritor was only rank seven but the one before that was a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 That was to say this Roar sound path inheritance could let someone cultivate to rank eight, it had high value.


 More importantly, this Roar inheritance was in Chi clan’s territory, but was extremely close to Yang clan as well.


 After Chi Qu You died, Chi clan lost its only rank eight Gu Immortal and Chi clan was weak internally. Yang clan decisively made its move, encroaching on Chi clan’s border and surrounding the inheritance ground. At present, they were actively exploring that sound path blessed land.


 Chi clan had to do something about Yang clan’s conduct. Their territory was invaded and this concerned their reputation. If they did not handle this properly, Chi clan’s reputation would drop to the floor.


 But, what could Chi clan do to protect their prestige? Could Chi clan beat back Yang clan’s invading force?


 Could they fight? How would they fight? If they could not fight, what should they do?


 This was the problem Chi Bang was facing.


 "What do you three think?" Chi Bang inquired the three rank seven Gu Immortals in front of him.


 Chi Da Pi immediately said with a loud voice: "Of course, we fight back and kill those scoundrels of Yang clan!"


 "Keep your voice down." Chi Bang quickly shook his head and looked at Chi Gui.


 Chi Gui frowned: "First supreme elder, we need to consider this properly."


 "What are you afraid of!" Chi Da Pi opened his eyes wide, "Yang clan does not have a rank eight Gu Immortal, they only sent two rank seven this time. If our Chi clan does not fight back, we would be the laughing stock of all of Southern Border’s righteous path."


 Chi Gui heaved a sigh: "Even though they only sent two people, they are famous experts. Yang Yin Guang is proficient at freezing soul profound light, which is very hard to defend against. The other, Yang Wen Kui, dual cultivates wisdom path and information path, he is the brain of Yang clan."


 "According to our investigation, Yang clan’s other Gu Immortals are stationed in Yang clan’s territory, but we cannot say for sure that Yang clan is not pretending and is secretly transferring their forces. Even if Yang clan is not pretending, we need to consider Yang clan’s Immortal Gu House as well. Since Yang clan invaded our territory, it is very likely that they have mobilized their Immortal Gu House, and it is being stored inside the immortal aperture of one of the two Yang clan immortals, just that they have not used it yet."


 "Yes." Chi Bang nodded then looked towards Chi Shang: "What do you think about this?"


 Chi Shang wore a white robe, he was handsome but his gaze looked somewhat distant.


 "Chi Shang? Chi Shang?" Chi Bang called out softly.


 But Chi Shang seemed to have not heard anything, his eyes looked towards the front in a daze.


 The three immortals looked at each other before sighing in unison.


 Clearly, Chi Shang’s mind was wandering again. He was the most hopeful genius of Chi clan to become a refinement path great grandmaster, he was called the formation devotee and would often blank out. He would even forget to eat when he thinks of a formation path problem. If not for the clan’s care, he would have likely forgotten to eat and died while immersed in his thoughts.


 Chi Shang did not pay attention to Chi Bang. Chi Bang was inwardly furious, but he had to treat him nicely.


 Before participating in the fate war, Chi Qu You had summoned Chi Bang to the study room and said to him: Chi Shang is the perfect helper that I am leaving to you.


 In fact, the three Chi clan rank seven Gu Immortals in the study were the trusted aides that Chi Bang relied on.


 But these trusted aides were unable to help him resolve this issue.


 Chi Bang had to make the decision himself.


 Right at this time, an information path Gu worm was passed on through treasure yellow heaven.


 After Chi Bang browsed with his divine sense, his eyes brightened in joy: "Excellent, Alliance Leader Wu Yong heard of this matter and is willing to cooperate with our Chi clan. After expelling Yang clan, they won’t take the Roar inheritance and will even send their Immortal Gu House to help us. But they want us to reach a further agreement with them, mainly wanting our clan to set up many immortal formations in Wu clan’s resource points."


 "There is such a good thing?" Chi Gui was greatly surprised. Wu Yong’s conditions were extremely good and he was inwardly moved.


 "What do you two think?" This time, Chi Bang directly ignored Chi Shang, asking only Chi Da Pi and Chi Gui.


 Chi Da Pi cupped his fists: "The decision is completely up to you, first supreme elder."


 Chi Gui hesitated slightly: "If we rely on Wu clan to beat back Yang clan this time, it looks as if we have profited greatly, but Wu Yong is a formidable character, why would he make an unprofitable transaction?"


 Chi Da Pi said: "Did you forget? Back then when Wu clan was weak, Yang clan seized Wu clan’s poisonous waterfall and went after their corpse mountain. Lord Chi Qu You took an Immortal Gu House to drive them away, then Wu clan seized back poisonous waterfall. Wu clan and Yang clan have enmity."


 Chi Bang patted his forehead: "Right, Chi Da Pi is correct. Talking about it, Wu clan seems to have always been trying to rope us in. Back then when Yi Tian Mountain’s dream realms still existed, Wu clan brought our Chi clan along whenever they did the immortal opportunity business. Wu Yong is a formidable character, and although my father has passed away, my Chi clan still has value. This time, let Wu clan work for us while we sit back and relax, haha!"


 Chi Gui saw that Chi Bang had already made the decision and could only suppress the unease in his heart.


 He thought for a bit and added: "This time, if we ally with Wu clan, we need to consider Ba clan’s feelings and thoughts."


 "Right, Ba clan..." Chi Bang felt a headache.


 Super forces had been in power for a long time and had complicated relationships with each other. It was extremely troublesome to deal with them.


 Ba clan wanted to get the position of overlord in Southern Border and wanted to replace Wu clan. There was a great deal of conflict between Ba clan and Wu clan.


 And Ba clan had a close relationship with Chi clan, they were not merely allies, they had an alliance marriage!



***
Chapter 2079 Rank Eight Dog Shit Luck


***





 



 "My Chi clan is facing difficulties but Ba clan is not doing anything to help. They even tried to interfere and support Chi Xu Zhi when I was about to take my position. Ever since that damned Chi Xu Zhi married a female immortal of Ba clan, his ambition has been rising day by day." Chi Bang’s tone was filled with hatred as he recalled.


 He slammed the table: "I have decided to agree with Wu clan’s alliance, as for Ba clan... I will send a letter of explanation and hope they can understand."


 The news of Chi Bang’s agreement to cooperate reached Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong laughed heartily: "This young Chi Bang is no cause for concern!"


 Clearly, Wu Yong’s plan was working smoothly.


 With Chi Qu You dead, Chi clan’s internal structure was weak. Ba clan had a change of leadership, the previous first supreme elder, Ba Shi Ba, was captured by Fang Yuan and lost his immortal aperture as well as his cultivation. After Ba De took his position, Ba clan became unstable.


 Wu Yong intuitively sensed the crack in these two clans. The incident regarding the Roar inheritance was like a heaven-sent opportunity to Wu Yong, how could he not grasp it?


 "Good news, I have good news." At this time, Wu Ba Chong suddenly came before the door and sought an audience.


 "Come in." Wu Yong said: "What’s the news?"


 He rarely saw the stable Wu Ba Chong express such joy.


 Wu Ba Chong said: "When Wu Bei was exploring Space Comprehension Pit, he unexpectedly discovered a large amount of dry clear qi!"


 Wu Yong was slightly dazed before applauding: "This is indeed good news."


 Wu Du Xiu had three regrets in her life.


 The first was the group, Fierce Gorge Seven Ghosts, that Wu Yong had already eliminated. Second was she was not able to refine eight-faced prestige wind Gu.


 Wu clan had been gathering immortal materials for eight-faced prestige wind Immortal Gu for many years, and only lacked one main material: dry clear qi.


 Wu Bei unexpectedly obtained dry clear qi this time, which was enough for Wu clan to refine eight-faced prestige wind Gu.


 "Wu Bei is indeed my clan’s lucky star. Reward him!" Wu Yong quickly thought before speaking.


 "Eight-faced prestige wind Gu is a rank eight Immortal Gu, it is a major matter if we are to refine it, we must treat it seriously and make many preparations. Everyone in Wu clan needs to give their all for this refinement." As Wu Yong said this, he sighed: "Refining rank eight Immortal Gu is difficult, truly difficult! Even Fang Yuan, with Lang Ya blessed land’s help, will struggle with refining rank eight Gu. This is a serious matter, we might have all the immortal materials but we need to consider this carefully."


 Wu Ba Chong’s excited state slowly calmed down.


 "Lord is right, I was too rash."


 Wu Yong was able to maintain calm and logic, Wu Ba Chong felt even more admiration towards him.


 Wu Yong said: "We will put aside refining eight-faced prestige wind Gu for now. Chi Bang has already agreed to ally with us, what we need to do now is to pressure Ba clan and make them unable to interfere in this matter."


 Wu Yong took precautions and thought of everything, he had already started to get rid of this future obstacle in advance.


 It was another round of planning and arrangements.


 Wu Ba Chong left the study room while praising inwardly: "Lord Wu Yong has both battle strength and a strategic mind, would my Wu clan even have to worry about not accomplishing great things under his lead?"


 Days later, in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone was controlling Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 "Rise!" The time path clone shouted, rank eight immortal essence poured in crazily.


 Boom!


 The blood-like water in the square pool suddenly rose towards the sky like a reverse waterfall.


 The whole Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool began making noises, it was activated to its limit.


 The blood waterfall rose in the air and formed a whirlpool at the top.


 The whirlpool rotated rapidly while letting out brilliant radiance.


 After the whirlpool absorbed a large amount of blood water, it gradually calmed down.


 Finally, an Immortal Gu flew out of the whirlpool.


 The whirlpool dissipated, the reverse flowing blood waterfall also fell down to the square pool; only some blood water remained in the pool.


 Blood red light retreated like birds returning to their nest, to the top of the small pavilion in the pool. That was the position of blood asset Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s time path clone regulated his breath for a while before moving his will. The Immortal Gu that was floating in the air flew into his palm.


 This Immortal Gu looked like a dung beetle.


 Its whole body was golden yellow, it had three parts to its body; head, stomach, and tail. its head was like a crescent shovel which had paddle like tentacles in its sides. Its stomach had a horizontal ridge, and its tail was oval.


 It had two pairs of legs and a pair of tails. Every tentacle was rough and thick, and had hard black barbs on their ends.


 It was dog shit luck Immortal Gu; after having gone through Fang Yuan’s refinement, it had advanced to rank eight.


 Dog shit luck Immortal Gu was the core Immortal Gu of Cooking Luck Pot.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created luck path and left three great true inheritances: Self luck, all living beings luck, and heaven and earth luck. Cooking Luck Pot was the peak creation of the essence of self luck true inheritance.


 Before the fate war, Fang Yuan had thrown in almost all his luck path Immortal Gu into Cooking Luck Pot.


 This time, he dismantled Cooking Luck Pot and advanced the rank of all its luck path Immortal Gu.


 Dog shit luck Immortal Gu was the primary target, but Fang Yuan succeeded in his first attempt at refinement.


 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had fifty to sixty percent success rate even when refining rank eight Immortal Gu. This was such a terrifying success rate that if news about it were to spread, it would shake the whole Gu Immortal world; it might even lead to crazed attacks by Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court.


 With rank eight Dog Shit Luck, Cooking Luck Pot’s rank had already advanced to rank eight.


 If one were an ordinary Gu Immortal, they would stop here. But Fang Yuan was far from being satisfied, he would now advance qi luck Immortal Gu, connect luck Immortal Gu, luck plan Immortal Gu, luck inspection Immortal Gu, and so on.


 The time path clone maintained the activation of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 Following the rapid expenditure of rank eight immortal essence, the almost used up pool water began to fill up again.


 This pool water was the refinement water of the incomplete Refinement Sea which was mixed with the water of the River of Time, and had gone through refinement path methods using water refinement Immortal Gu as the core, to form this wonderful creation.


 The time path clone opened the hidden door of the Immortal Gu House’s storage, the luck path immortal materials inside began to fall into the pool.


 Among them was the favored heart.


 Fang Yuan had already brought back Lady White Rabbit and Fairy Miao Yin.


 What he used was a killer move involving Fixed Immortal Travel.


 The killer move Jade flow pearl was no longer suitable for the current Fang Yuan because of his enormous dao marks.


 But it was of no issue, Fang Yuan had created many compound killer moves and had already created the new heaven and earth travel killer move!


 With the help of over nine thousand heaven path dao marks, heaven and earth travel directly sent Fang Yuan to the nearby Earth Treasury.


 In the heart of the mighty earth vein, Fang Yuan withstood the strong pressure leisurely and stored the whole Earth Treasury into his immortal aperture.


 Bai Ning Bing had already left secretly but Fang Yuan did not care about her. There was clearly no reason to waste time on her at this moment.


 After refining dog shit luck Immortal Gu, rank nine luck path immortal material favored heart shrunk a little. Another layer of its surface was refined and merged into the pool water.


 Such usage of immortal materials had already reached the peak of brilliance.


 Blood red light once again spread from blood asset Immortal Gu and covered the whole pool.


 The pool water billowed, the immortal materials inside it melted and mixed with the blood water.


 After a while, everything was in place. Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool’s efficiency in processing immortal materials was astonishing.


 The time path clone threw luck inspection Immortal Gu into the water.


 The second round of refinement had begun!


 Immemorial black heaven, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 A tribulation had just dissipated in Hei Lou Lan’s blessed land.


 Hei Lou Lan revealed joy at the impressive gains of this tribulation. She could not have passed it alone, but with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s guidance and Bing Sai Chuan’s protection, she easily succeeded.


 "It has not been long since I came to Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, but over this period, I have already gone through many calamities and tribulations; my strength has been increasing rapidly day by day."


 "My previous feeling was not wrong, it seems Longevity Heaven really wants to heavily nurture me!"


 Hei Lou Lan inspected her immortal aperture.


 After she came and met Immortal Zombie Giant Sun for the first time, Bing Sai Chuan used time path methods to increase her immortal aperture’s time flow to an astonishing level.


 At the same time, Longevity Heaven supported her with an endless stream of strength path immortal materials. There was simply no hidden threat of advancing too rapidly.


 With such an abundant amount of strength path immortal materials, it would naturally attract strength path calamities and tribulations.


 Longevity Heaven held the strongest luck path methods in the world which were extremely helpful in undergoing tribulations. Hei Lou Lan only had to sit back and enjoy the spoils.


 With the support of the second largest super force in the world and being valued highly by Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, Hei Lou Lan deeply felt the advantage of relying on a force.


 She did not need to worry about nurturing and refining Gu, and also did not need to go gather Gu recipes, killer moves and so on; someone would directly send them to her.


 Even the management of immortal aperture and the arrangement of resource points were planned for her by specialized wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 Hei Lou Lan only needed to ponder on the usage of Gu and train her killer moves.


 Although she was a descendant of the venerable, her life was full of hurdles, and after meeting Fang Yuan, she had to endure even more hardship and face life and death situations many times. So, after obtaining the huge support, besides being extremely thankful, she cherished this opportunity even more so!


 She was deeply aware of how precious such an opportunity was and how difficult it was to come by.


 She cherished every minute and every second of her time, and besides the necessary rest, she cultivated hard every day.


 Once in a while, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun would summon her to evaluate and guide her.


 This time when he called for her, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was no longer able to watch Hei Lou Lan train in such a self-damaging way, he urged: "Hei Lou Lan, my descendant. Don’t be overly harsh on yourself, everything in the world emphasizes on balance between work and rest. Gu Immortal cultivation is also the same. If you carry on like this and stay in a tensed state all the time, it will instead be harmful."


 Hei Lou Lan faced Giant Sun immortal zombie but still insisted on her thoughts: "Lord ancestor, the toughness I am experiencing is not too much to handle. In the past, I cultivated beside Fang Yuan and saw the effort he made. The world thinks he got his current accomplishments because of the help that venerables gave. But in my opinion, even if no one helped him, based on his character, he would still be able to stand out and wreak havoc in a region."


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was slightly stunned before smiling, appreciating Hei Lou Lan even more: "Looks like you are regarding Fang Yuan as your enemy and the goal to surpass. Good, with such determination and spirit, you are worthy of being my, Giant Sun’s, descendant!"


 "But, it will be very difficult for you to surpass Fang Yuan, it is simply like a mortal trying to ascend to heaven. I won’t conceal it from you, Fang Yuan’s strength has been increasing rapidly in this period of time, the speed is extremely astonishing."


 Hei Lou Lan looked at Giant Sun immortal zombie doubtfully.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun explained: "Although luck inspection Immortal Gu is no longer with me, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace contains similar luck inspection killer moves, moreover because it has been here for too long, all the luck of the five regions and two heavens are in my sight."


 "Recently, I have been looking at Eastern Sea repeatedly, over at Xia clan’s headquarters, the luck has been rising constantly and fiercely, even I have rarely seen such a case in my life."


 "Spectral Soul, Heavenly Court, and my Calamity Luck Altar failed to kill Fang Yuan, finally giving him the chance to develop. He obtained the help of several venerables and has excellent character, as well as plenty of experiences from several rebirths. The more time he has, the stronger he will grow. If you want to catch up to him, you will only have a trace of hope if you make a desperate effort."


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression was serious as she asked firmly: "Please instruct me, Ancestor, what way is there?"


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shook his head slightly: "It is not time yet, continue to cultivate hard for now."



***
Chapter 2080 Fang Yuans Luck


***





 



 Over two months had passed in the sovereign immortal aperture, a brand-new Cooking Luck Pot finally presented itself before Fang Yuan.


 Its whole body was shining in golden light. When observed carefully, a platinum light would occasionally shine inside and outside the pot, giving a strong sensation of richness.


 The sides of the pot were as thick as a child’s fist.


 There were eight lifelike dragon statues around the outer edges of the pot.


 These eight dragons’ tails were all at the base of the pot, coiling around each other and extending their claws to become the legs of this pot.


 The eight dragon tails pointed in eight different directions, towards the north, south, east, west, northeast, northwest, southeast, southwest.


 Each dragon claw was attached to the surface of the pot, the dragon bodies moved upwards as the dragon heads hung on the edge, looking inside. The dragon eyes were shut as if they were sleeping.


 Cooking Luck Pot was now a rank eight Immortal Gu House!


 Compared to before, not only had its size increased, the eight dragon statues were clear and vivid, unlike the blurry and crude image when Cooking Luck Pot was rank seven.


 The current Fang Yuan possessed over nine thousand heaven path dao marks, the difficulty in conceptualizing compound killer moves had decreased sharply. So, even though Fang Yuan’s luck path attainment level was not high, he had the ability to modify Cooking Luck Pot and make it even stronger.


 But after careful consideration, he gave up on this idea for the moment.


 If Cooking Luck Pot were to be made like Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, then when it was used outside his aperture, its might would be reduced greatly. And Cooking Luck Pot needed to be used outside the aperture.


 When Fang Yuan fought Qin Ding Ling before, Qin Ding Ling targeted Fang Yuan’s luck, but at the crucial moment, rank seven Cooking Luck Pot appeared above Fang Yuan’s head to block Qin Ding Ling’s rank eight luck path killer move.


 At Fang Yuan’s level, because the enemies were too strong and had many methods, his defense had to be all-rounded. Fang Yuan not only needed to protect his body and soul, he needed to maintain his luck as well.


 The strongest experts placed great emphasis and importance on their own luck.


 Because it could affect a major part of their strength!


 Even the recently revived Demon Immortal Qi Jue had such thoughts. Back when he fought Qi Sea Ancestor and Qin Ding Ling above qi sea, in order to preserve his luck, he chose to retreat wisely.


 Fang Yuan raised the rank of Cooking Luck Pot to protect his luck. Cooking Luck Pot’s structure and origin made it such that it was weak in offense and strong in defending the Gu Immortal’s luck. Luck path offensive methods were mostly in the true inheritances of all living beings luck and heaven and earth luck.


 The luck path Immortal Gu used in Cooking Luck Pot were all rank eight and were enough to defend his luck.


 Naturally, Cooking Luck Pot still had Immortal Gu that were not rank eight.


 For instance, food path Immortal Gu Cook was still at rank seven.


 It was not that Fang Yuan did not want to raise its rank, he lacked the corresponding rank eight food path immortal material. Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool’s blood asset Immortal Gu’s situation was also the same, it was still at rank seven due to the lack of rank eight blood path immortal materials.


 Rank eight food path immortal material and blood path immortal material were not easy to gather in a short period of time.


 This was greatly related to their paths.


 The more flourishing the path was, the more corresponding immortal materials there would be. They would be easier to gather and there would be many more Immortal Gu. There would also be a lot of Gu Immortals cultivating that path.


 In Gu Immortal cultivation, the more Immortal Gu recipes were created, the more immortal materials were cultivated which then added on to the prosperity of the whole path.


 Food path and blood path were never truly prosperous, there were also few Gu Immortals who cultivated them. Compared to food path, there were more blood path cultivators, but most of them were only Gu Masters. There were few blood path Gu Immortals, which was not much help in making blood path popular.


 On one hand, it was because of Heavenly Court’s Demon Judgment Board. On the other hand, Blood Sea Ancestor, who created blood path, was only at rank seven.


 Speaking of it, luck path was also never prosperous, but because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had created and developed it, its reputation was spread far and wide.


 Gu Immortals who truly cultivated luck path were not numerous.


 After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable passed away, there were almost no luck path experts in history. Maybe only Qin Ding Ling could be barely considered one.


 The main reason was because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had hidden his three true inheritances deeply and did not spread them wantonly.


 Qin Ding Ling could become a famous luck path expert because she had derived some foundation from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and later, she changed her original path and spent countless years in comprehension before she was able to reach the success of today.


 So, Fang Yuan felt extremely fortunate for being able to raise the ranks of so many luck path Immortal Gu.


 Because luck path was not prosperous, it was difficult to gather luck path immortal materials. He was able to loot so many luck path immortal materials from the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, which was something that would not happen frequently.


 Naturally, the success in refinement was mostly due to Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 Without Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, then it would have been impossible!


 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had fifty to sixty percent success rate in refining rank eight Immortal Gu. This success rate was enough to mass-produce rank eight Immortal Gu.


 A higher success rate led to lower expenditure of immortal materials, which saved Fang Yuan a large amount of luck path immortal materials.


 If it were an ordinary Gu Immortal who had all of Fang Yuan’s luck path immortal materials and they were able to advance just one rank eight Immortal Gu successfully, they would already be immeasurably thankful.


 When ordinary Gu Immortals refined rank eight Immortal Gu, their expenditure of immortal materials would be at least more than ten times of what Fang Yuan used!


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was a good example.


 To gather materials to refine rank eight Fortune Rivalling Heaven, he spent all of his accumulations and even squeezed his subordinates dry, finally leading to the collapse of the whole of Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 This was still the case when Old Ancestor Xue Hu had captured Ma Hong Yun, which saved him a large amount of luck path immortal materials!


 Forget about Old Ancestor Xue Hu, even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had to cooperate with Long Hair Ancestor for Gu refinement.


 With Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, Fang Yuan’s refinement path strength was absolutely among the top three in all of history. This advantage was just brought into play and had already shown a frightening performance, the benefits it brought were unimaginable for outsiders!


 At least, Fang Yuan was aware that even Long Hair Ancestor, who had once cooperated with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, did not have as high of a success rate as him.


 A new issue propped up in front of Fang Yuan, he was slightly worried of being too successful in advancing his Immortal Gu to rank eight; with too many rank eight, he would have to worry about their food.


 The food of rank eight Immortal Gu was a lot more difficult.


 Back then, to feed regret Gu, Fang Yuan directly created an enormous flower mist extreme marsh!


 But Fang Yuan was already prepared in this aspect, his wisdom path attainment had always been supporting him silently.


 Fang Yuan learned from Time Difference grotto-heaven and did not hesitate on spending a large amount of material resources and effort in constructing year essence sub-pools, which he spread over the whole of the sovereign immortal aperture, creating various time path zones.


 With these zones and the help of over nine thousand heaven path dao marks, the problem of feeding rank eight Immortal Gu was alleviated to a huge degree.


 Fang Yuan willed and activated rank eight Cooking Luck Pot to inspect his luck.


 Cooking Luck Pot quietly floated above his head, it was slightly drifting earlier but was now stationary as it started to rotate slowly.


 The previous Cooking Luck Pot’s rank was lower than Fang Yuan’s which led to Fang Yuan being unable to inspect all of his luck; every time, he could only inspect the portion inside the pot.


 But now, Cooking Luck Pot could bear all of Fang Yuan’s luck.


 Fang Yuan could finally witness the complete form of his luck again.


 His luck was like a pure silver pillar of light, even though it was slim, it was tall, shooting towards heaven, seemingly trying to pierce the sky.


 At the bottom of this dense pure silver light pillar, there was a lump of yellow qi guarding it, looking like a dust cloud that seemed to support the pillar.


 At the top of the pillar, there were three clouds, one was black as ink, one was golden and dazzling, one was shining with starlight.


 Such a scene made Fang Yuan fall into contemplation.


 After a long while, he collected his thoughts and observed the luck again.


 But this time, he did not observe his own luck, but looked at his clones’ luck outside Cooking Luck Pot.


 Among the clones’ luck, the most majestic and grand naturally belonged to the Qi Sea clone.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s luck was like the ocean. Milky white qi currents flowed, becoming endless sea waves.


 "The Qi Sea clone’s luck fits his name, they are both a qi sea." Fang Yuan knew the reason.


 The luck’s appearance was tightly connected with the individual’s condition.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s qi sea luck not only originated from his name, but also because he took command of qi sea and controlled the qi sea formation. More importantly, several days ago, Fang Yuan had completely handed the killer move unlimited qi sea to the Qi Sea clone.


 It was because the Qi Sea clone wanted to create his own combat system and wanted unlimited qi sea to be its core.


 "The Qi Sea clone possesses over two million qi path dao marks, has many qi path Immortal Gu along with the complete Primordial Origin qi path true inheritance, and is also the Righteous Qi Alliance’s alliance leader. All these reasons gave birth to such a boundless white qi sea luck."


 "But although this white qi sea is enormous, the qi currents are moving in disorder and chaos, which shows hidden undercurrents and threats."


 Fang Yuan thought carefully and felt this hidden threat originated from two aspects.


 First, the Qi Sea clone was attempting to create a combat system which was causing his thoughts to be in chaos. If he succeeded, maybe the qi sea would recover. if he failed, this internal chaos might still continue.


 Second was the Qi Sea clone’s clone identity. The relationship of the Qi Sea clone and the main body was not exposed but there was the danger of it being exposed at any time. Demon Immortal Qi Jue already knew this but was suppressed by Divine Emperor City.


 Once this secret was revealed, it would have a severe impact on Qi Sea clone, which was why there was a possibility of the qi sea luck falling apart.


 "The Qi Sea clone is my strongest clone, he has rank eight cultivation and pseudo venerable battle strength. So, he has such a vast milky white qi sea luck. But it can be seen from this that the Qi Sea clone has a flaw; there is limited space to progress and grow."


 Fang Yuan compared his own pure silver light pillar with the milky white qi sea luck, he could clearly see that the pure silver light pillar was shooting up towards the sky while the qi sea luck’s foundation was unstable, it could only suppress his current situation.


 "If the qi harvest fruit plan shows results, maybe the qi sea luck could reach the clouds as well. Unfortunately, the qi harvest fruits left in the two heavens’ grotto-heavens are showing extremely slow growth. It will be very difficult for them to give any qi path dao marks to the Qi Sea clone anymore."



***
Chapter 2081 Luck of Fang Yuans Clones


***





 



 Second to the Qi Sea clone’s luck was Wu Shuai’s luck.


 His luck had weakened by a lot.


 Dragon Palace was destroyed and could not be constructed within a short period of time, the Four Dragon Generals were dead, and even Di Zang Sheng was suppressed in Heavenly Court.


 Wu Shuai’s luck still had the flying dragon’s form. This was closely related with his dragonman identity.


 When observed carefully, Wu Shuai’s dragon luck seemed to be formed from ants.


 The countless ants gathered to form an ant-dragon luck.


 "Besides handling the variant human alliance’s affairs as my representative, Wu Shuai is researching enslavement path methods to increase his battle strength. This is why there is the ant-dragon luck."


 Fang Yuan observed his time path clone’s luck.


 The time path clone’s luck was still in the shape of a miniature River of Time. But compared to before, it was much more vast and the water was flowing rapidly.


 Zhan Bu Du’s eagle luck had not changed much.


 But Li Xiao Bai’s luck had a huge change in appearance.


 His luck had been a blooming flower with thin layers of nectar in its pistil, which signified how Li Xiao Bai’s cultivation would improve back then.


 But now, his luck’s appearance had changed into a white wall.


 There were three poems on the wall with different lengths. When read carefully, it was clear they were the three masterpiece poems that Li Xiao Bai had ’created’.


 Every letter of the poem was pitch-black, which was even more conspicuous on the white wall.


 Moreover, countless dark, inky characters were flying around the white wall, about to fly into the wall.


 "This is his poem wall luck." Fang Yuan realized in his mind.


 After Li Xiao Bai obtained the Book House inheritance, he progressed rapidly, walking on the path of becoming renowned in the world.


 Not only did he change his vital Gu, he also roamed the world to collect poems, and formed three killer moves with the poems he created (copied and stole).


 These three information path killer moves made him the number one Gu Master in Profound Literature grotto-heaven and also the Gu Immortal seed who was looked upon favorably by countless people. There were even discussions saying he was a talent that was hard to come by in several hundred years!


 Li Xiao Bai’s outstanding achievements naturally attracted Old Immortal Hua Yu’s attention.


 There were all kinds of indications that Old Immortal Hua Yu had decided to nurture Li Xiao Bai with all his strength!


 The Qi Sea clone and Fang Yuan’s main body were aware of Li Xiao Bai’s recent condition, but they did not interfere and only watched from the side.


 Back when Fang Yuan had created Li Xiao Bai, it was to scheme for Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s information path inheritance to fill the deficiency in his information path aspect.


 However, because Profound Literature grotto-heaven was an information path grotto-heaven with extremely strict monitoring, Fang Yuan could not give too much support and Li Xiao Bai had to move ahead by himself.


 The result was that only after Fang Yuan had gone through the fate war, the pursuit battle, killed Spectral Soul, and resolved the issue of heaven path dao marks did Li Xiao Bai finally show some advancement and progress.


 Moreover, Profound Literature grotto-heaven was also in the Righteous Qi Alliance, most of the contents of its information path true inheritance could be obtained through the internal exchange between Righteous Qi Alliance members.


 This was life.


 Sometimes, plans could not keep up with changes; sometimes, changes could not catch up to plans.


 Like this, the chess piece Li Xiao Bai had a new arrangement.


 So, Fang Yuan was going to let him develop naturally.


 Last was the pure dream clone’s luck.


 The pure dream clone was still at rank five level, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique body would attract dream path calamities and tribulations when undergoing immortal ascension. Even the current Fang Yuan did not have confidence to deal with it.


 But the pure dream clone’s luck had also changed.


 His luck was like a drifting pink fog that fluctuated constantly. But this lump of pink fog had condensed now, becoming a sandbox.


 The sandbox was still pink in color, it was very small but yellow sand entered it continuously, turning into pink sand that strengthened the sandbox.


 "Sandbox luck... what is this trying to say?" Even Fang Yuan was puzzled.


 After activating wisdom path methods, Fang Yuan’s eyes shone sharply as he made some guesses, but they had to be confirmed.


 Fang Yuan counted; unknowingly, he had already created eight clones.


 Creating these clones was one of the gains Fang Yuan had from studying Spectral Soul.


 Spectral Soul relied on clones to create Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance. Fang Yuan’s clones also gave him huge help.


 "Among the eight clones, only Fang Di Chang was sacrificed. Huh? Wait, this is..." Fang Yuan suddenly discovered a piece of luck.


 This piece of luck was vague, almost transparent, and gave an extremely weak feeling.


 Fang Yuan had almost missed it, but after carefully observing it, he showed pleasant surprise: "This is Fang Di Chang’s luck? He is still alive!"


 During the fate war, Fang Yuan was schemed by Genesis Lotus, not only losing Divine Bean Palace but also Fang Di Chang.


 Such a long time had passed, Divine Bean Palace had already combined with Emperor City to form Divine Emperor City, becoming the number one Immortal Gu House in the world; Fang Yuan thought Fang Di Chang was already done for.


 But he had never expected to gain some clues from this round of luck inspection.


 "How did I not discover it before?"


 "I see."


 "Cooking Luck Pot has just advanced to rank eight, my luck inspection method is many times more powerful than before. Also, it is clear that Fang Di Chang made some progress in this recent period of time. Combining both of these causes, my connection with him was strengthened by a lot and I am able to see his luck now."


 Although Divine Emperor City possessed painting worlds, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, who had left behind the killer move contented lifestyle, was active before Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Because of this, Divine Emperor City was rather weak in the aspect of luck path.


 Discovering Fang Di Chang was alive and strengthening himself, this was a pleasant surprise. But Fang Yuan did not change his plan.


 He had no plans to attack Divine Emperor City in the short term.


 Divine Emperor City was not a Gu Immortal, its methods were fixed and hard to change, it was not a problem to let it be. And Fang Yuan was a pseudo venerable who had finally gotten the opportunity to rest and recuperate safely, it was a splendid time for him to focus on cultivating.


 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was constructed and most of the grotto-heavens had yet to be devoured, Fang Yuan’s strength would soar without stopping now. Why would he take the risk during this precious period of time to fight Divine Emperor City?


 After inspecting his and the clones’ luck, Fang Yuan understood a lot.


 Cooking Luck Pot could allow Fang Yuan’s main body to greatly increase his clones’ luck, but Fang Yuan did not do so.


 On one hand, the situation of both the main body and the clones was much better. After getting through the previous predicament, their luck was spontaneously rising, it was the so-called ’when misfortune reaches the limit, good fortune starts to rise’. So there was no necessity.


 On the other hand, what this consumed was not immortal essence, but the luck of Fang Yuan’s main body. After all, it increased the clones’ luck by using the luck inside the pot.


 "I should refine wood path Immortal Gu now." Fang Yuan once again invested in his Gu refinement project.


 As for why he chose wood path, the reason was simple.


 Fang Yuan had gathered a lot of wood path immortal materials and they were enough for refinement. The variant human alliance’s Xiao He Jian and Green Forest Great Sage were rank eight miniman Gu Immortals, their grotto-heavens were wood path grotto-heavens which provided enough wood path immortal materials.


 "Let’s first raise Immortal Gu Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus to rank eight."


 Divine Emperor City, painting world.


 In the newly added growling beast painting world, a camp was being constructed rapidly.


 The camp’s location was selected after careful thought, it was in a strategically located area and there was a stream flowing near it.


 Zhao Shu Ye was standing on a boulder and commanded the hundred craftsmen in constructing the camp.


 "Although craftsman Gu has weak battle strength, it has broad usage." Fairy Bi Xia was standing beside Zhao Shu Ye and praised as she looked at the busy work site.


 Zhao Shu Ye’s head immediately lifted as he said proudly: "It is our Fairy Bi Xia who has good foresight. Craftsman Gu’s prospects are much higher than thief Gu, soldier Gu, and officer Gu. Besides processing immortal materials and constructing Gu houses, it can also refine Gu!"


 Fairy Bi Xia nodded: "Yes, if not for your craftsman Gu, how could we have constructed ten camps and explored deeper into the growling beast painting world. But, how can you control so many craftsmen alone? This is an enormous burden to the mind. Did you use organization Gu?"


 Organization Gu was a type of human path Gu worm which allowed human Gu to form a group. Fang Di Chang’s sect token Gu was also of this type.


 Zhao Shu Ye laughed heartily and did not hide it: "Right, I used labor union token Gu and constructed a labor union. I am carrying union head Gu and gave supervisor Gu to twelve or so high ranked craftsman Gu. I have given one vice union head Gu out as well and still have three in my hand. No need to hurry, as my labor union continues to grow, they will have ample scope to show their abilities."


 The two were discussing when the emergency bugle was played.


 Fairy Bi Xia’s expression had a slight change: "Beast groups came to attack again."


 Zhao Shu Ye said indifferently: "With Xiao Qi Xing and others here, we don’t need to worry."


 Sure enough, at the next moment, Xiao Qi Xing’s voice spread throughout the camp: "All forces, attack!"


 Thump thump thump thump thump...


 There was a series of footsteps, and as the white smoke was blown away by the wind, the wide camp was filled with soldiers.


 Soldier Gu were in the highest number, there was the small group leader level sergeant Gu, lieutenant Gu, the higher ranked captain Gu and even chief captain Gu were used.


 The size of Xiao Qi Xing’s army had increased again in this period of time.


 Divine Emperor City was truly the sacred land of human path cultivation!


 The army charged towards the beast tide, both sides collided like huge sea waves.


 After the stalemate lasted for a while, the orderly battle lines began to show uneven gaps; a large number of wild beasts and soldiers had died in the most intense areas. Immediately after, these gaps were filled by soldiers and beasts.


 Roar—!


 Several powerful beasts appeared. Their size was clearly larger than others, like fortresses rampaging on the battlefield.


 Xiao Qi Xing’s expression showed a trace of seriousness: "The deeper we go in, the stronger the beast groups are. Everyone, please make your moves."


 "Alright." Chen Da Jiang, Gu Ting, and the rest began to attack.


 This large battle lasted for an hour, the beast tide retreated, and there were casualties in Xiao Qi Xing’s group as well.


 After half a day, the camp’s construction was finished. The supply group along with merchants, peddlers, citizens, and even beggars settled in the camp.


 These camps were like the strongest nails that were firmly fixed in their position, becoming the support for the ten children of human path to explore deeper.



***
Chapter 2082 Defeated Army


***









“Sect leader.”

“Sect leader.”

Fang Di Chang walked to a hidden corner of the camp where he was greeted by two to three beggars.

Fang Di Chang also had a beggar’s appearance with ragged clothes and foul odor coming off of him.

The ten children of human path organized a large army and entered the newly appeared growling beast painting world, playing the role of pioneers. At every set interval of distance, they would construct a stable camp before the logistics and support came to fill the camp, giving ample supplies to the army led by the ten children of human path.

Fang Di Chang had been following in secret and also mobilized Beggar Sect to look for an opportunity.

“How is the situation?” Fang Di Chang asked.

“Our sect brothers have been following the pioneering army.”

“Sect leader, the situation is good. We gathered many wild beast corpses and valuable skin and fur. We are going to be rich!”

“It is just that we got into a conflict with some merchants and guards because of this.”

Fang Di Chang frowned: “What are the casualties?”

His Beggar Sect developed quickly, its members were not only the human path Gu worms he used, there were also many of Divine Emperor City’s native beggars.

Hearing the number of casualties, Fang Di Chang’s frown became deeper.

“Although Beggar Sect is easy to grow, beggar Gu are the cheapest human path Gu worms with very low battle strength. They are disadvantaged when facing merchants, guards, and others. Only by uniting and forming a numbers advantage will they not suffer losses.”

Fang Di Chang sighed inwardly, Beggar Sect seemed to be enormous but it did not have much strength. It was not reliable to use Beggar Sect to deal with the ten children of human path in the future.

Fang Di Chang entered the tenth camp, but the ten children of human path had already marched even further and were constructing the twelfth camp.

“I can only rely on the beast tide now. The deeper we enter growling beast painting world, the stronger the beasts become.”

Fang Di Chang’s only hope was for the beast tides to defeat the ten children of human path.

Not only defeat, it would be even better if they suffered serious loss with casualties. Only then would Fang Di Chang have an opportunity to exploit.

“I can do nothing about this, my current strength is too low. The only thing I can use is Beggar Sect. The ten children of human path are all Gu Masters and possess primeval essence, they can only maintain their human path Gu worms for some time. But I am using Shen Shang’s immortal essence, which is akin to unlimited primeval essence, so I can maintain these beggar Gu all the time.”

As Fang Di Chang thought up to this point, his gaze suddenly darkened and a feeling of weakness spread from the depths of his body.

Fang Di Chang quickly took out human will Gu and placed it in front of his nose, breathing in deeply.

A gust of human will was absorbed into his body and merged with his will.

Fang Di Chang’s body was formed from a beggar Gu, it did not have a soul and only a will. And a will was difficult to maintain and would be expended rapidly when thinking.

Fortunately, in Divine Emperor City’s painting world, there was human will Gu.

Human will Gu produced human will, which could change into any form of will. With its help, Fang Di Chang’s will could continue to exist and be active.

At this time, in the depths of the growling beast painting world.

A lifelike will was floating in the air.

He was wearing a green and white robe, he had a gentle demeanor and had a smile on his face; he was Genesis Lotus’ will!

And below him, Mao Li Qiu was lying on the ground in a curled up position. It was bound by a huge formless force, making it unable to even budge.

Not only this, another powerful force was constantly extracting its dao marks.

“Dog shit Genesis Lotus, release me and fight me if you have the guts!” Mao Li Qiu shouted.

Genesis Lotus’ will shook his head: “Mao Li Qiu, are you still not conceding? You are in a hopeless situation, unless Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revives and comes to save you, your death is certain.”

“And you yourself are aware that there is no hope for that. Your only chance at survival is to surrender.”

“Otherwise, as time passes, your strength will continue to fall. Until… you die.”

Genesis Lotus’ will urged, his voice was persuasive and his expression was kind.

Mao Li Qiu, however, roared in fury: “Then so be it, I don’t want it, you can take all my dao marks!!”

Genesis Lotus’ will was astonished.

At the next moment, Mao Li Qiu not only released all his defense but also cooperated with the absorption force, abandoning his dao marks.

Amidst the dazzling profound light, countless dao marks spread towards the surroundings and entered growling beast painting world.

Some dao marks fell to the ground, turning into giant beasts of all kinds of sizes and shapes; some dao marks flew to the sky, condensing together into vicious birds that covered the sky.

The painting world was extremely profound, it could collect external dao marks and paint them into all kinds of birds and beasts.

But at this moment, with Mao Li Qiu’s full cooperation, the painted beasts surged in amount and soon surpassed the safety boundary.

“Oh no.” The expression of Genesis Lotus’ will changed, not having expected Mao Li Qiu to be so impulsive.

It was suppressed in the painting world, although it had a way to attack, it still had enough strength to defend. If it defended with all its strength, it could last for a long time. Therefore, Genesis Lotus’ will came to persuade it to surrender.

To Mao Li Qiu, the most sensible path would be to let the painting world wear down its strength bit by bit while holding on for as long as possible.

Like what Demon Immortal Qi Jue was doing; he was suppressed by Divine Emperor City and could not break free on his own, but he placed his hopes on the future.

Who could be certain of the future?

But Mao Li Qiu did not follow this logic, it went against the plan of Genesis Lotus’ will.

An unprecedented violent beast tide formed and rushed madly towards the army of the ten children of human path!

The ten children of human path had a huge change in their expressions the moment they saw the beast tide.

“Retreat, this beast tide is too fierce!”

“Even if we use all our strength, we are not their match.”

“Retreat, the urgent matter is to preserve our energy for later.”

The ten children of human path were all elites, they retreated without hesitation.

But retreating was not easy, the beast tide was like a tsunami that threatened to drown the world. Many birds moved faster than the beasts and pestered the pioneering army.

The ten children of human path fought a bloody battle and were finally able to carve a path out.

When they reached the eleventh camp, the whole army was reduced by half, they suffered immense losses!

The beast tide continued to rush forward as if it was endless!

The camp was constructed properly and had thick defense, but it was quickly showing signs of collapsing under the beast tide’s charge.

“Heavens, looks like we have completely angered these beasts.”

“This beast tide is so fierce, even if we add all the previous beast groups, they are not even one-tenth of this.”

“Retreat!”

The ten children of human path retreated to the tenth camp.

Fang Di Chang had already left earlier.

He had already received the information, and understanding the strength of the beast tide, he knew the tenth camp was definitely going to collapse.

Although he wanted to look for an opportunity to retaliate, he did not want to disregard his own safety. In fact, with just Beggar Sect’s strength, he might not be able to get revenge even if he staked his life.

The tenth camp also fell and was run over by the beast tide.

The ten children of human path could only retreat again and again, the beast tide also paid the price, but the scale was truly too large. It could completely bear the price!

Finally, the terrifying beast tide chased away all the humans.

The painstakingly built camps were destroyed with not even one remaining.

Not even ten percent of the troops following the ten children of human path survived, the other residents of the painting world faced even more severe losses.

The surviving group of people were in an extremely miserable state, they were all shocked and terrified.

The city gate closed shut. The city guards looked solemn, the beast tide had arrived in front of the city!

The ferocious beasts did not stop and began to attack the city.

The offensive and defensive battle lasted for three and three nights, the city was actually on the losing end. Many times, giant beasts directly climbed the city walls and carved a path of blood on their way to the inner areas, causing massive casualties.

At the crucial moment, large numbers of divine bean soldiers appeared and participated in the defense, beating back the beast tide.

“The divine bean soldiers are working for us!”

“Right. This was Divine Bean Palace’s killer move, and after we succeeded in slaying the immortal, the divine bean soldiers became our helpers.”

The ten children of human path were shocked and joyous, as well as deeply regretful.

Their losses were too severe this time, almost all their previous accumulations were gone. The only fortunate thing was that none of them had died.

Fang Di Chang had already left this city to a much further area.

Beggar Sect’s losses were also big.

The crushing defeat that Fang Di Chang hoped for had happened, but this level surpassed his expectations. Still, the ten children of human path helped each other and were united, he did not find any chance to attack them.

The beast tide disappeared, the large number of wild beasts returned to growling beast painting world. They scattered everywhere, making the difficulty of exploring growling beast painting world much higher than before.

The painting world was like a huge beast that was licking its wound. The claw that had stretched into growling beast painting world earlier had almost shattered.

“I did not expect growling beast painting world to be so dangerous, it can be deduced the other painting should also be at a similar level.” Shen Shang found Fang Di Chang.

The two exchanged information.

Fang Di Chang informed Shen Shang about the intel collected by Beggar Sect, for instance, the losses of the ten children of human path, as well as Ye Fan and Hong Yi’s performance in this expedition.

And Shen Shang informed Fang Di Chang of a huge discovery.

Shen Shang was the person who had explored the deepest and he witnessed the scene of the beast tide transformation!

“Using dao marks to paint, sure enough, painting path’s methods are mysterious and exceptional. But if so….” Fang Di Chang analyzed, “It seems like growling beast painting world is suppressing a great enemy of Heavenly Court in its depths. The battle between the beast tide and the humans is essentially a method to weaken this enemy and increase the suppression.”

Shen Shang approved of Fang Di Chang’s analysis as he said: “I wonder who is being suppressed inside? They are at least a rank eight Gu Immortal! The enemy of an enemy is a friend, we might have a chance of cooperating.”

“The losses to the army were severe this time, only one-tenth survived. In a short period of time, it should not be possible to organize an exploration army. Do we use this chance to go to the depths of the painting?” Fang Di Chang shook his head, “No, those beasts don’t care about anyone.”

Shen Shang nodded: “The gap between immortal and mortal is not large in this painting world. It seems we can only wait for the exploration army to be organized again. We can then take the chance to go deeper.”

When the large battle between the humans and beasts had settled in the painting world, Fang Yuan had secretly arrived in Mushroomman Paradise.

Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was successfully raised to rank eight and Fang Yuan also created a large number of compound killer moves.

Over on the Qi Sea clone’s end, the Qi Sea clone contacted Heavenly Court again and again to organize an alliance army to attack Fang Yuan’s variant human alliance. But although Heavenly Court had agreed, they did not show any signs of taking action.

Such an attitude made Fang Yuan believe the severity of the situation.

Mushroomman Paradise’s entrance opened, Lu Wei Yin personally welcomed Fang Yuan to the depths of the blessed land.

They had just sat down when Fang Yuan asked: “Is Spectral Soul still alive?”



***
Chapter 2083 Lu Wei Yin’s Invitation to Tea


***





 



 Gurgle gurgle!

 The tea was boiling and was letting out yellowish-brown strands of steam.

 In the small wooden cabin atop the mountain, experts that could influence the world were sitting in front of a small tea table.

 One was the number one demon in the current world — Gu Yue Fang Yuan.

 The other was Southern Border’s Paradise Earth inheritor Lu Wei Yin. His comprehensive battle strength might not reach pseudo venerable level, but his defensive prowess was enough to compete against a pseudo venerable.

 The fresh mountain air blew in from the open window, mixing with the fragrance of the tea.

 Fang Yuan gazed afar, outside the window were tall mountains and clean rivers, looking like utopia. Cranes flew, apes shrieked, desolate beasts and plants were abundant and docile.

 There were treehouses and villages around the mountains, lots of commotion could be heard from chickens and dogs, there were columns of smoke rising from houses, it was a serene and tranquil atmosphere.

 In the sky, there were many floating mountains. These mountains were made from float soil and could stay in the sky, there were many specialties in each mountain, their environments varied. Some had long green vines that extended like hair. Some had drizzles and beautiful rainbows. Some had waterfalls with huge crashing torrents that gathered in huge pools.

 And this mountain that Fang Yuan was on stood majestically on the ground and was the tallest mountain in Mushroomman Paradise.

 Fang Yuan had just sat down when he asked Lu Wei Yin: Was Spectral Soul still alive?

 Lu Wei Yin only smiled and did not reply, instead concentrating on making tea.

 The tea was prepared.

 This was extreme serene mind tea, it was created with rank eight immortal materials. The tea fragrance was refreshing and seemed to be mixed with the smell of soil after rain.

 The tea, the location, and Mushroomman Paradise itself seemed to complement each other. Right now, they were not distant immortals who were high and mighty, but were instead experiencing the joy of an ordinary farmer’s life and the tranquil state of mind.

 “Please.” Lu Wei Yin handed the tea cup to Fang Yuan with both hands.

 The tea had been boiling hot just earlier, but in just a few breaths of time, the steam disappeared and the tea turned into cooled tea .

 Fang Yuan took a sip, but Lu Wei Yin directly lifted the large bowl-sized cup and took huge mouthfuls.

 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, he gained some insight and copied Lu Wei Yin’s drinking method.

 Gulp.

 His Adam’s apple moved up and down as Fang Yuan took a large mouthful of tea.

 This time, Fang Yuan had a very different feeling. The tea was not ice cold, but there was a gentle coolness that seeped into Fang Yuan’s organs and intestines. His internal heatiness was swept away, the tea was mellow and refreshing along with a trace of sweetness.

 Gulp, gulp, Fang Yuan finished the whole cup of tea.

 “Good tea.” He had a peculiar expression when he placed the tea cup down.

 That one bowl of tea had added one thousand earth path dao marks in his body!

 When a Gu Immortal passes a heavenly tribulation, they would only obtain seven hundred and fifty dao marks. And earthly calamities normally gave two hundred and fifty.

 This extreme serene mind tea actually increased so many dao marks. It was akin to a Gu Immortal risking their life to pass a heavenly tribulation and an earthly calamity.

 Lu Wei Yin spoke slowly: “This Mushroomman blessed land received Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s help and turned into a paradise, thereby being free from calamities and tribulations. Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable also left behind his Virtue true inheritance here, so this Mushroomman Paradise’s name became Virtue Paradise.”

 “Before Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable became venerable, he cultivated and studied in this place. When he became venerable, he changed this place into Virtue Paradise and lived here for some time. Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created extreme serene mind tea during this period of time.”

 “Although food path was passed down, it was kept secretive by Spectral Soul and was almost never exposed to outsiders. Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable spent his life mending the disaster caused by Spectral Soul and brought order to the chaotic world. Thus, he did a deep research on food path.”

 “He left behind many of his food path gains in Virtue true inheritance. In his view, food path had huge potential but there were too few people cultivating it. If it was truly developed, it could bring fortune to the world. For instance, this extreme serene mind tea is essentially a food path killer move formed from expending rank eight immortal materials. So, it can add earth path dao marks.”

 “The talent of a venerable is truly deep and unfathomable.” Fang Yuan praised.

 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created the killer moves suffering loss is a blessing and all life is bitter to counter Spectral Soul’s food path methods. These two methods played a crucial role during the ambush of Spectral Soul.

 But Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not stop here, he pushed food path to an even higher level!

 In the present five regions Gu Immortal world, almost all the tea and wine were incomplete food path Gu recipes. This was already acknowledged by Gu Immortals.

 Just drinking wine or tea was merely to delight the tastebuds and show off one’s wealth, or maybe display the results of one’s refinement path improvement.

 Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, however, completed this aspect and turned tea and wine into food path killer moves. Like this, food path finally showed its own unique splendor!

 “Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s food path methods can change tea and wine into killer moves. After tasting the food, Gu cultivators can increase their dao marks. This is a method that can change the entire structure of the Gu Immortal world!” Fang Yuan realized.

 The influence of this method was enormous!

 In history, the main source of dao marks was to undergo tribulations.

 But this food path method broke away from this situation.

 Fang Yuan had eat strength Immortal Gu and could do this. But Immortal Gu were unique, while Paradise Earth’s food path method could be learned and referenced to create a number of other similar killer moves.

 Eat strength Immortal Gu could not be popularized, but killer moves could be spread everywhere, these were two different concepts!

 Fang Yuan’s gaze turned deep and dark.

 Just this extreme serene mind tea was enough to show Lu Wei Yin’s deep accumulation and foundation.

 This Virtue Paradise had deep foundation and did not lack rank eight earth path immortal materials. Lu Wei Yin could simply use this tea to accumulate earth path dao marks beyond common sense.

 It was no wonder he could fight Spectral Soul.

 Fang Yuan looked beyond the window once again and at this Mushroomman Paradise. His previous evaluation of this place was raised by several times.

 This food path method was extremely beneficial to Gu Immortal cultivation. Virtue Paradise had many Gu Immortals, these Gu Immortals’ strength very likely surpassed other same ranked immortals.

 But, since the start, Lu Wei Yin had only moved around by himself and did not reveal these other Gu Immortals.

 This person’s shrewdness and patience made Fang Yuan have a different view of him.

 Sensing the deep meaning in Fang Yuan’s gaze, Lu Wei Yin said modestly: “Fang Yuan, do not overestimate me and this Virtue Paradise. Although we have this food path method, the cost to use it is truly high. Virtue Paradise produces large quantities of earth path resources, but besides me, who cultivates earth path mainly, most of the Gu Immortals here are mushroommen and what they cultivate is poison path. There are also a few human Gu Immortals who cultivate wood path and water path.”

 “This food path method’s efficiency is not that high. For instance, this bowl of extreme serene mind tea used a large number of rank eight earth path immortal materials to only give several hundred earth path dao marks.”

 “Of course, Fang Yuan, you have the sovereign immortal body which does not have conflicting dao marks, so your gains should be greater than normal.”

 Lu Wei Yin concluded: “Even Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable said in his last words that this food path method is not even worth mentioning when compared to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, Red Lotus Demon Venerable, and other venerables.”

 Venerable methods were extremely majestic and could change the world.

 For instance, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable led humanity’s uprising and founded Heavenly Court. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable created wisdom path and tricked heaven’s will, setting the foundation for Heavenly Court to stand for countless years.

 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind his bloodline and created Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, taking the whole of Northern Plains as his courtyard.

 Red Lotus Demon Venerable made arrangements that spanned over one million years to destroy fate Gu.

 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable left behind his methods to create Divine Emperor City. The painting world developed and established the foundation of human path.

 These were all arrangements that influenced not only one generation, they would result in endless development throughout the whole world!

 Fang Yuan frowned as he guessed something from Lu Wei Yin’s tone.

 He directly asked: “Since Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable mentioned Genesis Lotus in his last words, did he already know Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable would create Divine Emperor City?”

 Lu Wei Yin nodded: “When Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable roamed the world and saved lives everywhere, he got familiar with Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s methods. Back then, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable left behind Divine Bean Palace to restrict Spectral Soul and to plot against him when he had yet to be a venerable. Qing Chou’s core is hatred Gu which was formed through Divine Bean Palace, the relationship between Qing Chou and Divine Bean Palace is extremely close.”

 “Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s original plan was to merge Qing Chou, Divine Bean Palace, and Emperor City during the fate war to form Divine Emperor City and protect Heavenly Court.”

 “However, a mishap occurred before this time. Fang Yuan, you collaborated with Fang clan to drive away Qing Chou and seized Divine Bean Palace. Even though Divine Bean Palace merged with Emperor City afterwards, it lacked Qing Chou.”

 “Without Qing Chou, Divine Emperor City’s strength was incomplete. The will of Genesis Lotus inside it probably wanted to protect the human path gains, so it did not participate in the fate war.”

 Fang Yuan’s expression was complex: “So it was like this.”

 Genesis Lotus’ plan was originally perfect.

 During the fate war, Qing Chou could sense the existence of Spectral Soul’s damaged soul, it would possess rank nine hatred Gu and have pseudo venerable battle strength. Not only could it help Duke Long to guard Heavenly Court, it could even exterminate Spectral Soul’s damaged soul.

 Unfortunately, Fang Yuan unintentionally destroyed this plan.

 Originally, Qing Chou had been nurturing hatred Gu inside Divine Bean Palace and strengthening itself. But after being driven away, this process was disrupted. Thereupon, during the fate war, Qing Chou did not have the expected battle strength and it was separated from Divine Bean Palace.

 When the fate war ended, Genesis Lotus’ will contacted Qin Ding Ling, which was why Red Heart Traveler and Nine Spiritual Fairy collaborated and secretly moved to bring back Qing Chou to Heavenly Court.

 So in fact, it was not Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable who plotted against Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan who first broke Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s plan. This led Genesis Lotus’ will to have no options left other than to appear suddenly during the fate war and modify his plan.

 So then, why was Fang Yuan willing to accept the alliance agreement and cooperate with Fang clan to drive away Qing Chou?

 The crucial key was great thief Immortal Gu.

 After obtaining great thief Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan created great thief ghost hand with the rank nine killer move ghostly concealment as the core and the rank seven great thief Immortal Gu as a supplement, forcibly stealing rank eight Soul Beast Token from Qing Chou’s body.

 Without Soul Beast Token, Qing Chou’s strength fell sharply, which led to Fang clan’s victory.

 And where did great thief Immortal Gu come from?

 It was obtained by Fang clan from their Thieving Heaven true inheritance.

 This can be called herbal tea which is also literally cooling/cooled tea.

 Chinese medicine theory which is resolved by consuming ‘cooling’ food or drinks.



***
Chapter 2084 Spectral Soul’s True Main Body


***





 



 “So Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did not just arrange heaven form, this is also another arrangement but I did not notice it earlier.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.

 He suddenly had a thought as he asked: “Is Qing Chou also alive?”

 Towards the end of the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, Divine Emperor City came to participate in the battle, causing a huge commotion, was it really to suppress Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Longevity Heaven?

 Fang Yuan thought about the fragments of Qing Chou’s corpse.

 What was Divine Emperor City’s true motive?

 It was a debatable question!

 Lu Wei Yin’s expression turned solemn as he sighed: “I only got an answer after returning here and recuperating for some time. What was the main reason why Divine Emperor City joined the battle? In that situation earlier, the aura of rank nine hatred Gu was completely gone, it seemed to have been destroyed.”

 “However, Qing Chou is a living being formed from a killer move. I cannot be certain if it is dead or alive. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s method is simply too unfathomable, we can only sigh in amazement!”

 Turning a killer move into a legendary immemorial beast was simply too profound, even Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin could only watch without being able to decipher it.

 Lu Wei Yin continued: “I cannot deduce Qing Chou’s current state, but regarding Spectral Soul’s situation, I am very clear about it.”

 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: “Please tell me.”

 Lu Wei Yin beat around the bush for so long, he finally got to the main point.

 He answered: “Spectral Soul can be said to be both alive and dead at the moment. because his true main body has always been inside the Door of Life and Death.”

 Fang Yuan nodded as he sighed: “As I had expected.”

 When Spectral Soul self-detonated, Fang Yuan already felt something amiss. After refining all of his heaven path dao marks, Fang Yuan thought back about the situation and had even more suspicions brewing.

 The great Spectral Soul actually died like this?

 Spectral Soul was the most heaven defying one out of all the venerables after all!

 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Zombie Alliance was around while Shadow Sect hid in the dark, Spectral Soul secretly controlled the whole of Heavenly Court. Duke Long did not appear at all, he was evidently harmed by Spectral Soul. He even plotted against Feng Jiu Ge, using that chance to seize Lang Ya blessed land, he controlled the overall situation and was the mastermind behind the five regions chaotic war.

 As long as Great Dream Immortal Venerable did not appear, Spectral Soul would be the greatest winner in this situation.

 Thus, Fang Yuan invaded Hu Immortal blessed land and was aided by Song Zhong, managing to kill Feng Jin Huang.

 Who was Feng Jin Huang?

 In her childhood, dream wings Immortal Gu came to her, Feng Jin Huang was the prospective Great Dream Immortal Venerable!

 Who was Fang Yuan?

 He was an otherworldly demon, before Fate was destroyed, he was the only one who could create different outcomes.

 And who was Song Zhong?

 He was publicly Song Zi Xing’s son, but in reality, he was created from his blood fetus.

 And Song Zi Xing?

 He was known as the Blood Dragon, he was a member of Shadow Sect, one of Spectral Soul’s split souls!

 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, there were many hidden truths.

 At that time, fate Gu was not destroyed, Demon Immortal Qi Jue could not revive, the other venerables could only watch as Spectral Soul wreaked havoc.

 Spectral Soul was too overbearing, in the end, heaven’s will had to choose Fang Yuan to return to the past and change everything!

 During the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain, on the surface, Fang Yuan successfully stopped Spectral Soul.

 But was that really the case?

 Spectral Soul knew that Fang Yuan had been reborn as a result of heaven’s will. According to his original plan, he would be able to control Heavenly Court and manipulate the five regions chaotic war, but heaven’s will would still obstruct him. If Fang Yuan failed, a second or third otherworldly demon might appear, Spectral Soul would never be able to stand at the peak of the universe.

 Thus, he changed his plan, at that moment, he started working together with Red Lotus Demon Venerable.

 Eventually, he gave sovereign immortal fetus Gu to Fang Yuan, creating a complete otherworldly demon!

 After the fate war, fate Gu was destroyed by Fang Yuan.

 Spectral Soul wanted to reclaim the sovereign immortal body.

 His plan was perfect. He had no lack of soul path attainment level, with the sovereign immortal body, he would be able to annex Soul Pacifying grotto-heaven and others, instantly regaining his strength!

 Thus, he would be ahead of the other venerables, he would have the initiative.

 The advantage of being first was unimaginable, if Spectral Soul succeeded, he would be the strongest person, the entire world would be trampled under his feet.

 But he did not succeed.

 Red Lotus Demon Venerable plotted against him, while the heaven path dao marks restricted Fang Yuan, they also protected him.

 Spectral Soul did not regain the sovereign immortal body, his growth became very different.

 While chasing after Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven worked together, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s inheritor Lu Wei Yin also interfered, eventually managing to kill Spectral Soul.

 Fang Yuan tried to put himself in Spectral Soul’s shoes, if he were Spectral Soul, what would he do?

 Thus, he found a huge flaw in Spectral Soul’s plan —

 It was too risky!

 During the dream realm battle, Duke Long defeated Purple Mountain True Monarch and broke into the blessed land, capturing Spectral Soul and taking the Door of Life and Death.

 Spectral Soul’s life was in the hands of Heavenly Court, if Fairy Zi Wei did not go after information and clues but killed Spectral Soul right away, would that not ruin everything?

 Fang Yuan would not make such an arrangement if it were him.

 What about Spectral Soul?

 Even though he had the strongest killing nature, he was not stupid at all.

 Thus, the most likely case was that the captured Spectral Soul was not the true main body of Spectral Soul!

 If Fang Yuan were Spectral Soul, he would also create a clone to disguise as his main body and let Heavenly Court capture him.

 Firstly, it would lower the enemy’s guard.

 Secondly, the clone was a trap as well, Fairy Zi Wei fell right into it.

 Thirdly, the amount of information and true inheritances that the clone had would not be the same as the main body, even if he was captured, the enemies would not gain much.

 And finally, even if the clone was killed, the main body would not be affected.

 Fang Yuan had two pieces of evidence regarding his suspicions of Spectral Soul.

 The first one was Demon Immortal Qi Jue.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was the crucial person in their pursuit of Fang Yuan.

 Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul used their respective true inheritances to lure Demon Immortal Qi Jue into becoming their ally.

 Eventually, Fang Yuan won Demon Immortal Qi Jue over, Spectral Soul was forced to self-detonate and died.

 After the battle, Fang Yuan recalled this contest, he felt that victory was simply too easily obtained, it was quite different from his expectations.

 But if Spectral Soul was just a split soul, everything would make sense.

 Spectral Soul did not predict the rebirth of Demon Immortal Qi Jue, because fate Gu was destroyed, all fixed traces were erased, the future was uncertain.

 Spectral Soul’s plan was for his split soul to get captured by Heavenly Court, he would only place certain memories into it. These memories would not make Heavenly Court suspicious, but they would also not contain precious information like valuable true inheritances.

 Thus, Fang Yuan won against Spectral Soul in this aspect.

 The second piece of evidence was obtained by Fang Yuan recently.

 Through luck inspection, he checked his own luck and found that at the top of his pure silver pillar of light, there were three clouds. Among them, one was pitch-black like ink.

 Who could cause such disturbance to him?

 This black cloud was obviously pointing towards Spectral Soul!

 If Spectral Soul was still alive, would he let Fang Yuan off? Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance spent years of accumulated resources and even the ten extreme physiques to create sovereign immortal fetus Gu. Would Spectral Soul let Fang Yuan off? Impossible!

 On the other hand, with the revival of Demon Immortal Qi Jue, the world knew that it was possible for venerables to be revived now.

 Spectral Soul’s main body had likely already planned for his revival long ago.

 In fact, did the other venerables not have such plans?

 In the past, due to fate Gu, nobody could revive. But now that it was destroyed, who would not want to revive?!

 Nobody knew which venerable would be the first one to revive fully. Nobody was clear when they would revive. It was even possible that a venerable would revive at the next moment.

 Thus, the situation was quite precarious for Fang Yuan.

 Once a venerable revives, the value of his pseudo venerable battle strength would fall greatly. His status as the number one demon in the world would turn him into a target instead.

 After the battle, Lu Wei Yin told him to use his time well before departing, this was what he meant.

 Fang Yuan did exactly so.

 After the battle, he used his time to its limit, he did not relax for even a moment.

 Once his strength returned and was able to deal with risks, Fang Yuan came to Virtue Paradise.

 He came here not for Lu Wei Yin, Paradise Earth’s true meaning, or to inherit Paradise Earth’s true inheritance.

 He only had one objective.

 “Tell me. Lu Wei Yin, how do I become a venerable?”

 Fate Gu was destroyed, the future of the world became uncertain, anything could happen now.

 Not only the Gu Immortal world, even Gu Masters were starting to see the turbulence of the future.

 Fang Yuan was fighting, the mortal Gu Masters were also struggling.

 Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range.

 Four Gu Masters traveled together, they entered deep into the mountain range for investigation.

 They had rank four cultivation level, together, they could resist rank five. In Central Continent’s Gu Master world, they were famous demonic path experts.

 They were the Four Great Obscenities; Eastern Obscenity Chen Yin Dao, Western Thief Yu Ba Guang, Southern Disturbance Shi Bao and Northern Squandering Fan Chun Yao.

 “Sorrowful winds are blowing again.” Yu Ba Guang alerted the rest, among the four, he had the most effective investigative methods.

 “Quick, take out the Gu House.” Chen Yin Dao immediately ordered, he was the leader of the four.

 The Gu House was kept by Fan Chun Yao, he was in charge of healing and support.

 The four Gu Masters quickly hid inside the Gu House.

 Sorrowful winds blew outside the Gu House, the entire place was creaking and shaking, from time to time, Fan Chun Yao had to replenish Gu worms in place of those that died from the sorrowful winds.

 “A terrible loss, this is a terrible loss!” Fan Chun Yao shouted in grief: “Along the way, we already lost so much by resisting the sorrowful wind, is there really anything good in this Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range?”

 Chen Yin Dao shook his head and smiled bitterly: “I cannot guarantee that, but as long as there is some hope, we need to take a risk! Not long ago, Gu Immortals fought on Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range, they might have left something behind by chance, it may allow us to ascend to immortal!”

 The moment immortal ascension was mentioned, the other three Gu Masters started to breathe heavily.

 “As long as we become immortal, who would dare to attack us four immortals? We will no longer be pursued by anyone.”

 “Once we become immortals, those high and mighty female Gu Masters will all be at our mercy, right? Hahaha.”

 “You need to be more ambitious! After becoming immortal, what’s the point of going after mortals? We can target immortal fairies!”

 The Gu Masters looked at each other and started to snicker pervertedly.

 What they did not know was, Heavenly Court had already cleaned up the battlefield, all those immemorial year beast corpses were taken away already.

 The four of them came to the ruins and searched for seven days but found nothing of value at all.

 Just as the four were anxious and furious, preparing to leave, they finally found something.

 “There is a person here! Quickly come.”

 “What’s so strange about seeing a person, there are so many corpses here, they are the villagers living on the mountains.”

 “No, this person is still alive! And there is a weird phenomenon around him.”

 “What?”

 The other three Gu Masters rushed up and saw Wang Xiao Er who had tightly shut eyes, he was still barely alive.

 Around him, there were several wild flowers and grass, they were rapidly blooming and wilting, alternating between green and grey with his every breath.



***
Chapter 2085 Four Conditions to Become Venerable


***





 



 In this Gu world, looking at the past to the present, in the period of over three million years, ten Gu cultivators stood at the peak of the world, looking down on all the living beings.

 In the long river of history, the five regions and two heavens had countless geniuses and heroes. If these people were akin to shining stars in the sky, then the ten rank nine Gu Immortals were each like suns, they were bright and dazzling, spreading their radiance over the whole world.

 Their glory had never faded, their legends continued to be widespread.

 They were the ten great venerables!

 From the start of history until now, they were —

 Three million years ago, Remote Antiquity Era: Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.

 One million years ago, Olden Antiquity Era: Limitless Demon Venerable, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, Red Lotus Demon Venerable.

 Three hundred thousand years ago, Medieval Antiquity Era: Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.

 A hundred thousand years ago, Late Antiquity Era: Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.

 These ten stood at the apex, dominating the world with unparalleled might, they suppressed their entire era with no rival that could match them!

 Their methods were terrifying, even after a long period, they still remained like eternal arrangements.

 Their intelligent schemes spanned across the eras, existing throughout the past and present, they used all living beings as their pawns. Even after death, they still continued to influence countless future generations.

 Towards these people, Fang Yuan had the deepest feelings in this aspect compared to everyone else in the world.

 Fang Yuan was extremely clear about the gap between him and these venerables. Even though he was the number one demon of the current world, having pseudo venerable battle strength, he was not confident in fighting against a venerable.

 Venerables dominated heaven and earth, everyone else other than them were ants.

 The fate war was a huge lesson to everyone, any method left by any venerable could turn the entire situation around just like that.

 Only a venerable could resist another venerable.

 Putting it crudely, the reason why Fang Yuan succeeded in the fate war was because he struggled and managed to survive while sandwiched between the battle among the ten venerables and heaven’s will.

 Towards these venerables who invested in him and treated him as a pawn, for every bit of admiration that Fang Yuan held towards them, there was also an urge to challenge them. For every bit of wariness he felt towards them, there was a bit of desire to match them.

 If they could become venerables, why couldn’t I, Fang Yuan, do it?

 Furthermore, in order to pursue eternal life, the so-called rank nine venerable cultivation level was merely the stepping stone for Fang Yuan.

 The plan to become venerable had already been set the moment he was reborn!

 Years ago, when Fang Yuan had just been reborn, he looked up at the sky during those nights, viewing the moon, he felt incredibly minuscule. But now, he had already risen to the skies, venerable level was merely his next step of advancement.

 But how could he become a venerable?

 Fang Yuan did not know, he was uncertain, he did not understand.

 There was a huge secret behind the ascension of a venerable!

 This secret had never been publicly spread.

 The ten venerables seemed to have some sort of tacit agreement, they kept this secret together.

 Nobody in the world could find out, they could only analyze using some clues and common traits that everyone knew.

 Among the ten venerables, there were nine males and one female. This meant that there was no gender restriction in becoming a venerable, it was possible for both sexes.

 Venerables possessed invincible battle strength but they were not omnipotent. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had once asked Long Hair Ancestor to refine Immortal Gu with them.

 Two kings could not exist at the same time. In every great era, there was only one venerable, there had never been two venerables in the same time period. Contests between venerables were limited to the type in the fate war, where they competed using methods they left behind.

 Each venerable possessed immense innate luck, phenomena could be seen for some when they were born, their lives were smooth sailing, for example, Red Lotus Demon Venerable. Some were not apparent in their early days, they only grew explosively after a certain period of time.

 Seemingly, in the growth of every venerable, there would be one Dao Guardian in existence. Each Dao Guardian played a monumental role in the journey of the venerable’s growth, they could be either friend or enemy.

 It was publicly recognized that every rank nine venerable’s main path was at supreme grandmaster.

 The venerables were still restricted by lifespan, there were records in history where venerables used their full strength to hunt for lifespan Gu.

 The ten venerables were all humans, there had never been a variant human venerable.

 However, just this information could not truly deduce the secret of venerable ascension. One of the most successful deductions in history was the Prophecy of Three Venerables. Immortal Yi Yan said that in the future, there would be Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, and Great Dream Immortal Venerable.

 This deduction did not involve the details of the secret of venerable ascension. Furthermore, after Fang Yuan destroyed fate Gu, this prophecy was no longer set in stone.

 Then, what was the secret of venerable ascension?

 Fang Yuan needed to know about this secret urgently.

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s success was the best example, it was likely that the venerables were going to revive.

 Thus, the best way to deal with this possibility was for Fang Yuan to become venerable himself!

 Fang Yuan understood deeply: No matter how many grotto-heavens he annexed or how many immortal materials and dao marks he had, he could not become venerable. Thus, the most important reason why he came to Lu Wei Yin was for the secret of venerable ascension. Other things, like Paradise Earth’s true inheritance or Paradise Earth’s true meaning, were just secondary gains for the current Fang Yuan.

 Sitting opposite each other, Lu Wei Yin drank his tea as he smiled.

 He was not surprised by Fang Yuan’s question.

 He raised his head and placed down his tea cup, he raised three fingers and said directly: “There are four conditions to satisfy if you want to become a venerable.”

 “First, the Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture origin core has to produce white litchi immortal essence.”

 “Second, the Gu Immortal’s main cultivation path needs to have at least three hundred thousand dao marks.”

 “Third, the Gu Immortal’s main cultivation path needs to be at least supreme grandmaster in attainment level.”

 “Fourth, after meeting the first three conditions, the Gu Immortal has to break through the Heavenly Dao blockade, after which the immortal aperture origin core will undergo a qualitative change and produce rank nine yellow apricot immortal essence.”

 Out of Fang Yuan’s expectations, Lu Wei Yin actually told him the secret of venerable ascension directly and honestly.

 Fang Yuan originally thought that Lu Wei Yin would make a transaction regarding this and list some conditions for Fang Yuan. Or more accurately, there had to be a reason why Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable chose Fang Yuan as his inheritor.

 Fang Yuan did not know what Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was plotting.

 But he had already decided that as long as he could obtain the secret of venerable ascension, he would be willing to give in to some extent and work with Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.

 However, Lu Wei Yin did not conceal this secret, he directly said it to Fang Yuan.

 This was like a transaction where both parties were meant to hand over the goods and money at the same time, but suddenly, the trader tossed the goods to the buyer first.

 Lu Wei Yin’s action did not make Fang Yuan relax, he instead became more alert.

 Lu Wei Yin had a deep scheming mind, Fang Yuan had lost to him once in the past and failed to regain upper extreme heavenly eagle. During the battle to pursue Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin worked with him and killed Spectral Soul together, this battle even showed Fang Yuan his strong mental fortitude and endurance.

 How could such a person be so unwise?

 Fang Yuan carefully thought about the four conditions of venerable ascension.

 “The first two conditions are basically those of a rank eight Gu Immortal who has passed three myriad tribulations. I have already met this condition in qi path, time path, refinement path, and transformation path.”

 “As for the third condition of the main cultivation path being supreme grandmaster, I have not fulfilled this criteria yet, but my refinement path, time path, and enslavement path are already quasi-supreme, the difference is not huge.”

 “As for the fourth condition, breaking through the Heavenly Dao blockade?”

 Fang Yuan frowned slightly as he asked: “What does the Heavenly Dao blockade refer to?”

 Lu Wei Yin continued to explain for Fang Yuan: “The way of heaven is to take away surpluses while replenishing deficits, so all things are in balance and mutually restrict each other. A tall tree is the first to face destruction, soil that is nearest to the water will be the first to be swept away by the currents. But the way of humans is the exact opposite, it reduces the deficits and builds up the surpluses, by devouring the weak and continuing to learn, one can grow and make up for insufficiencies to become even stronger.”

 “The Heavenly Dao does not want the number of Gu Immortals to increase while they at the same time get stronger, thus calamities and tribulations occur. Calamities and tribulations are part of the Heavenly Dao blockade. Before becoming a venerable, the Heavenly Dao will send a tribulation far greater than any myriad tribulation!”

 “Other than that, there is lifespan Gu. Lifespan Gu is a heaven path Gu worm, it cannot be refined by people. Even though the ten venerables were invincible in their eras, they were still bound by it. During an era with a venerable in existence, natural production of lifespan Gu will continuously fall.”

 “The third blockade is fate Gu, but you have already destroyed it.”

 Fang Yuan pondered: “There are basically three types of Heavenly Dao blockades, fate Gu has been destroyed while lifespan Gu is of no concern for now, the remaining tribulation blockade is the greatest hurdle that I will face.”

 “Is there a way to deal with the Heavenly Dao blockade? How did the venerables in history get past it?” Fang Yuan asked.

 Lu Wei Yin answered: “There are ways to take shortcuts, luck path is one of them. The venerables in history all have immense innate luck, it mostly comes from two sources. The first is the favor of heaven’s will, the second is the adoration of human path.”

 “Three million years ago, the variant humans were strong and disrupted the balance, the Heavenly Dao sought to deal with them, so heaven’s will favored Primordial Origin and allowed him to become an Immortal Venerable.”

 “The best example of human path adoration is Red Lotus Demon Venerable. He is a child of humanity, he has extremely dense innate luck, when he was born, tribulation struck. The Three Dukes of Heavenly Court had to intervene and block the tribulation for Red Lotus.”

 Fang Yuan raised his brows: “Thinking about it, can human path methods be a way of breaking through the Heavenly Dao blockade?”

 Earlier, Fang Yuan had used human path methods to interrupt with the Heavenly Dao, allowing him to gain time to take action. In this aspect, he was quite experienced.

 Lu Wei Yin nodded: “Indeed, human path methods are a good way of breaking through the Heavenly Dao blockade. Precisely so, the various venerables had a common trait, they all comprehended something from u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e and created their own top tier human path killer moves!”

 They continued to converse for some time, Lu Wei Yin answered every single one of Fang Yuan’s questions to the best of his knowledge.

 Fang Yuan finally understood the conditions to become venerable, he fell into deep contemplation.

 After careful analysis, he found that only two points restricted him from becoming venerable: One was attainment level, the other was the Heavenly Dao blockade.

 The latter could be dealt with eventually, Fang Yuan had Cooking Luck Pot in terms of luck path, he also had human path methods, he just had to elevate and develop them further.

 The true problem was attainment level.

 Quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment level, it seemed very close to the genuine supreme grandmaster, but that was actually very hard to reach.

 If there was a suitable environment and sufficient time, Fang Yuan could work hard in cultivation and continue to deepen his comprehension, he believed that in this lifetime, he could definitely reach supreme grandmaster in at least one path.

 But now, the revival of venerables had started to cast a shadow on his future.

 “What method is there to allow me to get past this problem?”

 Dream realms?

 Obviously not.

 Fang Yuan had already found out that the dream realms originating from Spectral Soul could only reach great grandmaster attainment level at most.

 True meaning?

 He thought about it: “Don’t tell me, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable left behind his true meaning so that my earth path could reach supreme grandmaster?”

 Seemingly sensing Fang Yuan’s thoughts, Lu Wei Yin shook his head: “Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s true meaning can only allow you to reach earth path great grandmaster. However, there is a solution in Paradise Earth’s true inheritance.”

 Fang Yuan looked at the smiling Lu Wei Yin, an obscure light flashed in his eyes: “Oh, please do tell me.”

 Lu Wei Yin thus said: “Fang Yuan, you have read u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e, you must know this secluded domain of heaven and earth, Primordial Domain. The truth is, if one can enter Primordial Domain, they would be able to make one of their paths reach supreme grandmaster.”

 “Primordial Domain?” Fang Yuan was moved: “You know where it is.”

 Lu Wei Yin’s eyes flashed with bright light: “At the deepest layer of Crazed Demon Cave!”



***
Chapter 2086 The Secret of Venerable Invincibility


***





 



 “Primordial Domain… is at the deepest layer of Crazed Demon Cave?” At once, thoughts collided in Fang Yuan’s mind rapidly.

 u003cu003cThe Legends of Ren Zuu003eu003e did mention Primordial Domain but the description was vague and ambiguous, it depended on the reader’s own perspective and comprehension.

 “Even if Primordial Domain has such power, is it really at the deepest layer of Crazed Demon Cave?” Fang Yuan would not believe Lu Wei Yin’s words so easily.

 But this was quite possible.

 Fang Yuan had been to Crazed Demon Cave, he had observed then that Paradise Earth went there and even created his own Dao field.

 Fang Yuan could not enter the deepest layer, but Paradise Earth was an Immortal Venerable, his ability could not be easily assessed.

 “If this is real, then Paradise Earth’s objective is in Crazed Demon Cave?”

 Fang Yuan’s mind was turbulent but his expression remained unchanging.

 Lu Wei Yin looked at his expression as he sighed internally: “This Gu Yue Fang Yuan is the number one demon in the world after all, no wonder heaven’s will and the venerables chose him as their pawn. Just this information is not enough to gain his trust!”

 Lu Wei Yin had no choice but to continue speaking: “Primordial Domain is indeed at the bottom of Crazed Demon Cave, it is quite unique, it is both the beginning and the end, it contains the supreme profundity of the whole of heaven and earth. Limitless Demon Venerable used it and rank nine derivation Immortal Gu as the cores to derive new worlds and create brand new heaven path dao marks.”

 “In a way, Crazed Demon Cave is far more important than even Heavenly Court!”

 Lu Wei Yin said slowly as he exposed even more secrets.

 During the Olden Antiquity Era a million years ago, humanity’s first Demon Venerable, Limitless Demon Venerable, attacked Heavenly Court and threatened to destroy it, forcing Star Constellation’s will to engage in a game of chess with him.

 The chessboard was secretly linked to Crazed Demon Cave, as the two venerables schemed, their thoughts collided and new ideas were born, they created brand new heaven path gains.

 These gains went into Crazed Demon Cave through the chessboard, helping Limitless with his derivation.

 Star Constellation pretended to be unaware but she was prepared for this long ago, she went along with the plan.

 The venerables of the future, like Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, all visited Imperfection Regret Pavilion and knew of the two venerables’ game, they understood the importance of Crazed Demon Cave.

 During the fate war, the silhouettes of both venerables vanished within Imperfection Regret Pavilion, but this was only the end of a segment of their game. The true place to decide victory was still Crazed Demon Cave!

 All the venerables knew this, they all took part in some way. For example, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable created his Green Lotus Dao field in the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave. Reckless Savage Demon Venerable created his Savage Wilderness Great World, while Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable made his Yellow Earth Great World.

 This way, the situation became more complex.

 Fang Yuan was shaken internally: “This has been one of my deepest suspicions so far. A portion of the venerables spent so much effort to create their Dao field in the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave, why did they want to defend their own big world so much? Unless, they are also after Primordial Domain?”

 “Venerables have already become venerable, Primordial Domain is not necessary to them. Wait, that might not be the case!” A flash of inspiration sparked in Fang Yuan’s mind, he saw through the fog and observed a corner of the truth.

 “Haha.” Lu Wei Yin laughed loudly: “Fang Yuan, you truly live up to your reputation, you are someone who did not falter to the venerables’ plots no matter how many were in your way. You have already understood a portion of it.”

 “Indeed.” Lu Wei Yin continued: “Fate Gu has been destroyed, venerables can revive now. However, the stronger the Gu Immortal, the more troublesome and bigger the price their revival will be. If they are careless, even if they revive, they will not have their former strength. For example, Demon Immortal Qi Jue was interrupted by you and Wu Yong, his strength fell and he was no longer in his peak condition.”

 “Venerables are the same. After they revive, even though they will not have their venerable blockade and will be able to regain rank nine cultivation level, the competition between venerables will be intense. Even though venerables left behind revival methods, they are still limited in the end. Thus, the venerables want to make their revival certain, it would be best if they had their former peak battle strength the moment they revived.”

 Fang Yuan nodded continuously.

 He could understand the venerables’ mentality.

 When fate Gu was around, everyone was unable to revive. But all the venerables still left behind some methods, once fate Gu was destroyed, these methods would activate and allow them to revive.

 However, venerables were in opposing factions, they had their own perspectives, they also schemed against each other.

 Who would not want to be the strongest person in the world?

 Who would want the existence of venerables other than themselves?

 The venerables were wary of each other, they thwarted each other’s plans, even though they were dead, they still competed with each other in the dark.

 Due to the long duration of history, this type of competition would usually benefit the venerables of the future eras. For example, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.

 But nothing was absolute.

 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable came before Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, but his arrangements, Divine Emperor City and Qing Chou, still managed to harm Spectral Soul!

 Or the situation of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable entering the Red Lotus stone island and taking away regret Gu, it was an easy task.

 But all in all, this was the general trend.

 Later venerables had a greater advantage in this contest.

 Because the entire Gu cultivation world was continuously developing and growing. In the Remote Antiquity Era, in Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s time, there were only four to five paths, qi path was the strongest. But now? There were paths of all kinds, mainstream paths numbered to at least twenty!

 Taking Divine Emperor City as an example, it was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable using his peak wood path and painting path attainment at that time, it could even mimic human path. But in terms of luck path, it was quite lacking. After all, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable only appeared after Genesis Lotus.

 In fact, it was not certain if Divine Emperor City was still the peak product of wood path at this current time.

 Three hundred thousand years had already passed since Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s era. During this long period, wood path had grown tremendously, countless geniuses emerged, they had their own developments, they promoted wood path to a new level.

 Only painting path was still at its peak.

 Why?

 Painting path had been kept as a secret by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, it was not leaked to the outside world.

 Thus, the current painting path was still kept at its peak state from back then.

 This was also why a portion of the venerables held onto their own paths’ true inheritances and did not spread them widely.

 Like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path true inheritances.

 Lu Wei Yin continued to expose more secrets: “Fang Yuan, do you know that Duke Long had moved the Door of Life and Death into Crazed Demon Cave before the fate war?”

 Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered: “Heavenly Court knows that Spectral Soul’s main body is inside the Door of Life and Death, so they moved it away in advance and prevented him from succeeding his plot? No wonder Spectral Soul and Fairy Zi Wei could not find the Door of Life and Death even after ransacking Heavenly Court’s treasuries.”

 Lu Wei Yin drank some tea before continuing: “Duke Long did not just relocate the Door of Life and Death, he even moved a portion of Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard into Crazed Demon Cave!”

 Fang Yuan was stirred: “This means that I only destroyed a portion of Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard, the rest is inside Crazed Demon Cave. Is this the backup plan that Heavenly Court had? It does seem like the way of a righteous path super force. After all, Heavenly Court had limited Gu Immortals, even if they woke up, they could not retain their peak battle strength, Star Constellation’s will also needs some Gu Immortals to hibernate and support her.”

 “I was about to get to Star Constellation’s will.” Lu Wei Yin’s gaze was bright as a torch, he stared at Fang Yuan: “Do you know that for a long time, Star Constellation’s will has not showed herself to tell Heavenly Court what to do?”

 Fang Yuan was finally moved, he understood the implicit meaning behind these words.

 Fang Yuan stared at Lu Wei Yin: “You mean to say, Star Constellation has already revived using her will?”

 Lu Wei Yin nodded: “Although I am not certain, this is very likely to be the case. If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived, she would definitely lurk in the eighth layer and try to obtain the ninth layer’s Primordial Domain. Once she enters it, she will regain her supreme grandmaster attainment level in wisdom path, she will be able to use the primeval energy of the world for herself and become a complete and genuine Dao Lord!”

 Fang Yuan frowned deeply.

 He had originally thought that no venerable had revived yet. But from this conversation, he knew that it was likely at least one venerable had already revived.

 And this revived venerable, the only female among them, was terrifying, the only wisdom path venerable.

 This woman was so strong that even after her death, she could scheme against three Demon Venerables of the future. Even though the true details were quite different from what Heavenly Court publicly announced, it was true that Heavenly Court was saved by Star Constellation’s schemes and arrangements, surviving the onslaught of three Demon Venerables.

 This contribution was undeniable, every time Fang Yuan thought about it, he could feel how terrifying it was!

 As for why Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was no longer a wisdom path supreme grandmaster, Fang Yuan knew clearly.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable died three million years ago during the Remote Antiquity Era.

 Too much time had passed!

 Wisdom path had developed until today, it had already undergone a complete revolution in terms of improvement and elevation.

 Quasi-supreme grandmaster meant that the Gu Immortal’s understanding of the path was already at the limit of heaven and earth, they were already touching that ceiling, they had almost completely understood the profundity of the path. But they were just inches away, unable to break through.

 As for supreme grandmaster attainment level, not only did they need to comprehend the full profundities of the path, they also had to innovate further. At this level, each time the Gu Immortal improves, it would be an unprecedented feat, it would elevate the upper boundaries of the entire path, it would even elevate the whole of heaven and earth to some degree.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s wisdom path supreme grandmaster attainment level back in the day was no longer supreme grandmaster in today’s world.

 Even though she merged with heaven’s will and studied Heavenly Court’s wisdom path research results at all times, this was still true.

 Forget about the difference between Star Constellation’s will and a clone, just Heavenly Court’s wisdom path research results alone only represented a portion of the whole of wisdom path.

 Only after Star Constellation Immortal Venerable entered Primordial Domain could her wisdom path attainment level return to supreme grandmaster, she would become a Dao Lord again.

 “What is a Dao Lord?” Fang Yuan heard of a new concept from Lu Wei Yin once again.

 This journey to the Mushroomman Paradise was truly valuable. He had already understood the conditions of venerable ascension, he also learned of the venerables’ schemes, and now, the term Dao Lord was likely concerning the secret of venerable invincibility!

 As expected, at the next moment, Lu Wei Yin smiled: “Why could the past venerables be invincible in the world? The difference between venerable and pseudo venerable lies in the concept of Dao Lord. Why could venerable methods remain for so many years without dissipating? This is also due to the concept of Dao Lord.”

 Before Fang Yuan could ask him, Lu Wei Yin immediately answered: “The so-called Dao Lord refers to the lord of a certain path. When a Gu Immortal becomes venerable and has supreme grandmaster attainment level, they will be the leader of that path, their own improvement would signify the improvement of the path, that would also be the improvement of heaven and earth, that person is a Dao Lord.”

 “As a Dao Lord, the Gu Venerable can sense all of the natural dao marks of heaven and earth of that particular path and refine them! After refining the dao marks, the Gu Venerable can manipulate them at will.”

 Fang Yuan could not help but feel shaken: “Refine them? Manipulate them at will?”

 Lu Wei Yin continued to speak: “After every venerable becomes venerable, there will be a period of time when they roam the world. For example, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable or Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. But the truth is, during this period, they are refining the natural dao marks of the world, they are turning the entire world into their personal battlefield killer move.”

 This was the secret of venerable invincibility!



***
Chapter 2087 Obtaining Southern Border’s Paradise Earth True Inheritance


***









“So this is the secret of venerable invincibility…” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.

This trip to the Mushroomman Paradise was truly not in vain!

Fang Yuan obtained a lot of secrets involving venerables, he also had some sort of guess towards Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s motive.

At this point, the signs shown in Fang Yuan’s luck inspection were verified.

His luck was like a pure silver pillar of light, even though it was slim, it was tall, shooting towards heaven, seemingly trying to pierce the sky.

At the bottom of this dense pure silver light pillar, there was a lump of yellow qi guarding it, looking like a dust cloud that seemed to support the pillar.

At the top of the pillar, there were three clouds, one was black as ink, one was golden and dazzling, one was shining with starlight.

These three clouds were phenomena that seemed to be obstructing Fang Yuan’s luck from rising further.

The black ink cloud should be Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. After all, the current Shadow Sect was already left with few members, it had little threat.

The starlight cloud was most likely the revived Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. It radiated mystery, it had an aura filled with wisdom.

As for that golden cloud, there was no need to guess, it was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. In the fate war earlier, Giant Sun’s attack came from Northern Plains with imposing might, arriving in Heavenly Court with unparalleled strength!

During the battle to pursue Fang Yuan, even though they lost one legendary immemorial beast, Longevity Heaven’s strength did not fall much, they still retained their foundation. The Huang Jin family was like the ten great ancient sects of Central Continent, it dominated Northern Plains and ensured that the whole of Northern Plains was controlled by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s bloodline descendants.

Crazed Demon Cave was in Northern Plains, there was no way to avoid Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Longevity Heaven.

“Maybe, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose to create Longevity Heaven in Northern Plains not because he was a Northern Plainsman but because of the crucial Crazed Demon Cave, he wanted to make his arrangements.”

Fang Yuan had many thoughts, he pondered about the deeper meaning of this.

If it were him, he would make the same arrangements.

If fate Gu was not destroyed, everything would not matter. But once it was destroyed, the venerables could revive. By then, whoever occupied Northern Plains and encircled Crazed Demon Cave would have the clear advantage!

Fang Yuan looked at Lu Wei Yin again: “Since Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable created the Yellow Earth Great World, then by helping me become venerable, does he also want me to help him revive successfully?”

Lu Wei Yin nodded and smiled: “Precisely. Back then, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable brought blessings to the world, but his main true inheritances were left in the five regions. Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance is here. Eastern Sea’s Paradise Earth true inheritance is in the blue dragon whale. Central Continent’s Paradise Earth true inheritance is Reincarnation Battlefield. Northern Plains’ Paradise Earth true inheritance is inside the Yellow Earth Great World. As for Western Desert’s Paradise Earth true inheritance, someone seems to have taken it already.”

“Venerables have left behind their revival methods but they are limited. As long as they are destroyed in advance, these venerables will not be able to revive. But if they revive, the difficulty to take them down will be at a whole new level compared to before.”

“Now that fate Gu has been destroyed, the River of Time’s lower stream is in turbulence and chaos, the world is experiencing an unprecedented shift in era. Who can be sure of what will happen in the future? Not just venerable revival, just talking about Great Dream Immortal Venerable alone, will she still appear? Pseudo venerable is just pseudo venerable in the end.”

“By now, Fang Yuan, I am sure that you no longer suspect our sincerity. As long as you help Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable revive, we will be the closest allies. Not only will we give you Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance, we will also provide clues for Eastern Sea’s and Central Continent’s Paradise Earth true inheritances, the value is simply immeasurable.”

Fang Yuan was silent.

Lu Wei Yin was here to convince him, he was not just qualified to do so, he was incredibly skilled!

“As expected, every venerable had extremely deep wisdom.” Fang Yuan was starting to understand the accuracy of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s scheme.

Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not need to worry that Fang Yuan would reject him!

Because the things that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable offered had immense value, not only would Fang Yuan be moved, he also needed these venerable secrets urgently.

The reason why Lu Wei Yin exposed these secrets to Fang Yuan earlier was not because he was stupid or generous.

It was because Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable knew about Fang Yuan’s nature.

To work wholeheartedly with a person like Fang Yuan, the first condition was that he needed to be assured. Otherwise, even though Fang Yuan was a risk-taker, with his immense vigilance, he would not help to revive a venerable while only being a pseudo venerable!

Thus, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable needed to help Fang Yuan become venerable.

Red Lotus and Spectral Soul were worried that Fang Yuan would become unstoppable when he became a venerable, thus they wanted to get rid of him. But Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable wanted to help Fang Yuan in this, while the other venerables were fighting alone, he had already cooperated with Fang Yuan.

Venerables were the strongest existences in heaven and earth, they were at the limit of the world. In a contest between such individuals, their strength would usually be quite equal, any bit of difference would decide the eventual outcome.

Thus, if Paradise Earth worked together with Fang Yuan, the advantage would be huge.

All these were simply alluring temptations.

Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable did not just tempt Fang Yuan with the present gains, he even lured Fang Yuan with the future benefits of working together.

Of course, other than allure, there was also pressure!

Lu Wei Yin had already told Fang Yuan clearly: The venerables want to revive in Crazed Demon Cave, would you not stop them? If not, after losing this opportunity, you will definitely suffer in the future.

Fang Yuan, look at what you’ve done in the past!

Longevity Heaven, Heavenly Court, and Shadow Sect were all his enemies, if the venerables revived, they would not let him off.

Even if they had no grudges, hehe, as a pseudo venerable closest to the level of venerables, would those revived venerables want more chess players in this world to compete with them?

Paradise Earth was a good person, he only expressed kindness to others. However, Paradise Earth’s magnanimity and scheming ability definitely lived up to his title as a venerable!

Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable tempted and pressured Fang Yuan at the same time, what would he choose?

How else could he choose?

At the next moment, Fang Yuan nodded with a grim expression: “Alright, I agree to this. Let’s set the agreement.”

Lu Wei Yin waved his hand: “I believe in you, Fang Yuan, why would we need to set an agreement?”

He was bullsh*tting.

The true reason was that Fang Yuan had methods like myriad beings assimilation transformation, almost no alliance agreements in the world could restrict him.

Lu Wei Yin had no choice but to show his tolerance in this issue.

Fang Yuan was a logical person, if he was not logical and vigilant, he would not reach this stage today. Precisely because of his logic and wariness, he knew that working together with Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had benefits, while refusing had its demerits.

This was more effective than any alliance agreement in the world!

Lu Wei Yin slowly stood up: “Since we are in an alliance, Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance is yours now. Please follow me.”

Fang Yuan followed Lu Wei Yin and left the house, going to a mountain peak.

Outside the house, the sky was tall and the clouds were wide, the fields under the mountains were green, the breeze was gentle and the trees were swaying slowly.

Lu Wei Yin pointed at the base of the mountain: “Fang Yuan, firstly, this Mushroomman Paradise is now your property. You can freely annex it, of course, you can let it remain here as your territory in Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world.”

Fang Yuan was moved, this gift was not a small one. Mushroomman Paradise had existed for over a hundred thousand years, it had abundant resources, comparable with top tier grotto-heavens in the two heavens.

Let alone the giant resource points inside, just the countless mushroommen living here were definitely something unique among the five regions and two heavens! This was the best mushroomman resource in the world, there was no contest!

Next, Lu Wei Yin handed Fang Yuan more than ten Immortal Gu, they were mostly earth path.

Among them, one was an information path Immortal Gu that recorded the details of Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance.

Fang Yuan’s divine sense entered and saw everything at once, he found that this true inheritance had three components. The main part was the earth path true inheritance, there was the core killer move, paradise creation, after using this move, the immortal aperture would no longer have calamities and tribulations.

The second part was related to human path, Fang Yuan had seen the contents before, when Lu Wei Yin tried to reform Fang Yuan in the dream realm, Fang Yuan had obtained this Virtue true inheritance before.

This true inheritance had a weird requirement. It needed the inheritor to maintain a just heart, to be a virtuous person. The greater the user’s virtues, the easier it was when cultivating.

The core Immortal Gu was accumulate virtue Gu. As long as Fang Yuan did good deeds and acted kindly, it would continue to refine itself. The greater the accumulation of kindness, the higher the rank of the accumulate virtue Gu refined.

Accumulate virtue Gu had many incredible uses, the most useful one was to modify Fang Yuan’s physique into the Righteous Virtue Physique that was only inferior to the ten extreme physiques, but it did not have any of the ten extreme physiques’ flaws, it represented a limitless future and potential!

Fang Yuan only took a few looks before he sighed in amazement towards Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s talent.

Earlier, he had only interacted with a small portion in his dream, he did not understand its full profundity.

The human path segment of Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance opened a new door for Fang Yuan, he saw a new perspective of human path. It stemmed from the morals of people, developing in this direction. If Gu cultivators chose to cultivate this way, it would definitely create change and become a central part of Gu cultivation in the future.

If this cultivation information was spread widely, it would definitely cause the righteous path to prosper.

Additionally, the refinement method of accumulate virtue Gu was also incredible!

It was able to refine accumulate virtue Gu in the person’s body through acts of righteousness and kindness. This was a type of human body Gu refinement method, or rather, a human path Gu refinement method.

From this aspect, one could see that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had shocking refinement path attainment.

Fang Yuan currently lacked this essence of refinement path, it was a huge inspiration to him.

“I am only a quasi-supreme in refinement path, mainly consisting of the hairy man Gu refinement method. To become a genuine supreme grandmaster, I lack these things! But how many of these things are in existence? Where are they left at? This human path refinement method of accumulate virtue Gu seems to have some similarity with Qing Chou’s hatred Gu refinement.”

Fang Yuan thought about it for a while, he was secretly happy internally.

He next moved his attention to the third portion of Paradise Earth’s true inheritance.

This was regarding the dream path.

The core killer move was: three lifetime dreams reform a chosen one.

This killer move used fetus earth maze as the foundation to create a dream realm. It allowed the people who entered the dream to live in the same dream together for three lifetimes, one could experience the mortal lives fully and comprehend life and death, understanding the vicissitudes of human ways and forgetting the evil in their heart, turning over a new leaf.

Fang Yuan had already been hit by this move before, Lu Wei Yin was the user.

The reason why Lu Wei Yin understood Fang Yuan’s nature and goal so well was also because of this move.

Thus, Fang Yuan obtained two rank seven dream path Immortal Gu from him.

The first was dreaming Immortal Gu, it was the core Immortal Gu of three lifetime dreams reform a chosen one, it was not a surprise.

The other Immortal Gu made Fang Yuan very happy.

“Even though this Immortal Gu is only rank seven, it carries a huge significance in my case, its importance surpasses rank eight Immortal Gu, and even rank nine!”



***
Chapter 2088 Dream Path Master


***





 



 The dream path Immortal Gu held in Fang Yuan’s hands now was a round ruby-like jewel that was cut in half.


 This semi-circular ball-shaped Gu worm looked very cute, its red color was also very attractive.


 Its head was only ten percent of its body, its back was round and smooth, there were black markings all over, resembling a tortoise shell.


 This was rank seven dream path Immortal Gu — Dream Armor.


 It was a defensive dream path Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan had many Immortal Gu currently, but he only had one dream path Immortal Gu, it was rank eight Dream Token, the core Immortal Gu of Dragon Palace.


 Dream Token was shaped like a dragonfly, it had a round head and long body, with a pair of pink ruby eyes and four pairs of transparent wings. Looking closely at its thin wings, one would also see a faint layer of rainbow halo.


 Looking at the two, Fang Yuan found that dream path Immortal Gu seemed to all look very pretty.


 "I wonder what Dream Travel and Dream Wings look like?" Fang Yuan could not help but think.


 He had five hundred years of memories, he knew that dream wings Immortal Gu was in the hands of Feng Jin Huang, while dream travel Immortal Gu was in Lady Poison Scorpion’s hands.


 it was not that Fang Yuan had no intentions of targeting them.


 All along, he could not effectively deal with Feng Jin Huang, while he had little confidence in regards to Lady Poison Scorpion.


 In his previous life, Dream Travel, Carefree Travel, Fixed Immortal Travel, and Liquor God Travel were the publicly recognized four great movement Immortal Gu. Even though Fang Yuan was strong, Lady Poison Scorpion could travel through dreams and instantly enter any single dream realm.


 "Currently, dream path is still not developed enough, dream realms have not manifested everywhere in the outside world. Dream path immortal materials are still rare, while dream path Immortal Gu are even rarer, and yet I already own three of them." Fang Yuan was quite happy with this result.


 In the previous life, the manifested dream realms were even larger than Spectral Soul’s dream realm, they were everywhere in the five regions.


 Thus, everyone could enter dream realms for exploration, it was unlike now where dream realms were occupied by the experts.


 A vast amount of dream realms meant countless opportunities for Gu cultivators to excavate dream path Gu materials. With these materials, dream path started to develop rapidly as a path.


 Thus, at this current time, dream path had only started to grow in its initial state. Thieving Heaven’s dream realm, Paradise Earth’s dream realm, and Spectral Soul’s dream realm were just small flames that could not boil this entire pot of water.


 To boil the pot of water that was dream path, Spectral Soul’s dream realm was just too small, the entire world’s strength was needed.


 In Fang Yuan’s case, the Immortal Gu Dreaming and Dream Token were even less important than Dream Armor.


 Because Dream Armor was a defensive Immortal Gu.


 With this Immortal Gu, he would have the capability of resisting dream path tribulations, the Pure Dream Reality Seeker clone would be able to undergo immortal ascension!


 Fang Yuan recalled his luck inspection results earlier.


 The pure dream clone’s luck was like a pink sandbox, it was very small but yellow sand entered it continuously, turning into pink sand that strengthened the sandbox.


 The sandbox luck predicted that the pure dream clone would receive the help of Paradise Earth, now it seemed like that was truly the case.


 Fang Yuan activated Cooking Luck Pot again to inspect his luck.


 His silver luck pillar did not change much, the pillar of light only became slightly larger while most of the yellow sand below it had vanished.


 The pure dream clone’s luck was still like a pink sandbox but no more yellow sand fell into it. The sand pile in the box was very tall, there was a feeling of collapse or breakthrough at the next moment."


 "I gained Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance, with his help, the pure dream clone has the opportunity to breakthrough. But even so, the risks are still huge, I need to make even more preparation."


 Fang Yuan quickly understood.


 After Cooking Luck Pot reached rank eight, Fang Yuan obtained even more benefits from luck path.


 He was increasingly feeling the advantage of luck path, it was no wonder that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable managed to rise to the top back then!


 Crazed Demon Cave was definitely a place to visit, but Fang Yuan could not go now.


 Currently, his strength was growing explosively, Fang Yuan intended to raise his battle strength to the limit before heading to Crazed Demon Cave.


 Even though Lu Wei Yin claimed that the situation was extremely urgent, Fang Yuan had Luck Inspection, he knew that he still had some precious time left.


 "More preparation leads to better future results, let me first research on dream path methods before I help the pure dream clone to ascend!"


 Fang Yuan looked at himself, his dream path knowledge was undoubtedly the number one in the current world.


 The knowledge of dream realm exploration that he brought along with rebirth was still the top tier research result of the current world, but his advantage was quickly shrinking.


 However, after Fang Yuan was reborn, he still made incredible progress in dream path.


 The killer move unravel dream came from his memories, from Shadow Sect, he obtained lead soul into dream, switch soul in dream, and pure dream reality seeker transformation. From Dragon Palace, he obtained dreamy light smoke, dream within dream, and dream revelation. And now from Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance, he obtained three lifetime dreams reform a chosen one.


 Fang Yuan had more dream path killer moves than dream path Immortal Gu.


 Many of the dream path killer moves had core Immortal Gu of other paths, there was no helping it, he used a vast number of dream path mortal Gu in place of a dream path Immortal Gu. For example, killer moves like lead soul into dream and switch soul in dream.


 "What I need now is a dream path defensive killer move that uses dream armor Immortal Gu as the core. After that, I need a dream path movement method so that I can escape danger and gain some time to recuperate. After that is healing and finally offense."


 Even though Fang Yuan’s dream path attainment level was ordinary, he was confident in creating new dream path killer moves.


 The reason was that he had unrestrained heavenly mark, he could create a large number of compound killer moves!


 Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court were definitely plotting to contest in Crazed Demon Cave, they would not send troops to attack Fang Yuan’s variant human alliance.


 Not to mention approaching Fang Yuan.


 As for the Southern Alliance led by Wu Yong, they would be glad if Fang Yuan did not find them for trouble. Why would they come to him and court death?


 The external environment was unprecedentedly safe, Fang Yuan started to enter closed cultivation, he created dream path killer moves, he made good progress every day.


 More than ten days later, Fang Yuan suddenly stopped, entering a daze.


 He advanced to dream path master!


 This was the explosive growth of his accumulation, it was extremely smooth after long periods of foundation building. When creating his killer moves, he had unknowingly succeeded and stepped into the next realm.


 Ever since rebirth, Fang Yuan had been pressured by external forces, he had never invested any time or energy into dream path.


 Until now, he started to truly cultivate dream path, he put effort into it.


 Because his foundation was deep, he was able to progress rapidly from the start, raising his dream path attainment level.


 Master attainment level — the Gu cultivator’s use of Gu worms had already reached an artistic level, they were no longer amateurs.


 The most evident trait was the emergence of instinct. Their understanding of Gu worms and the conceptualization of immortal killer moves for that path had also turned into the cultivator’s innate ability. It was like a natural skill that came with them from birth, smooth and easy to use.


 For example, Fang Yuan had a very vague idea of dream path Gu worm compatibility for killer moves, he had to try to find out if they would succeed or fail. But now, before trying, his instincts would tell him if some ideas were more feasible or if they were meant to fail even without trying, whether he would only waste his time, energy, and resource if he went ahead.


 "Good! Having dream path master attainment level is truly icing on the cake! My dream path achievement is definitely at the top of the current world. But... this might change after some time."


 In the memories of Fang Yuan’s previous life, there were many dream path geniuses. Among them were shocking talents like Feng Jin Huang and Lady Poison Scorpion, raising dream path attainment level was much easier for them compared to others.


 Some people were born with compatibility with certain paths, talent was something that could not be explained. Especially for Great Dream Immortal Venerable seeds like Feng Jin Huang and Lady Poison Scorpion!


 Fang Yuan had self awareness, he knew that others would surpass him soon in the aspect of dream path attainment level.


 But Fang Yuan would not give up on developing dream path, he would not commit the same mistake as in his previous life.


 Dream path was the great trend ahead, the revolution of the future, there was a huge advantage in a new path.


 "But now is not the time to truly cultivate dream path!" Fang Yuan understood his circumstances clearly.


 He had to become a venerable first to resist the external threats, only then would he have time and opportunities to develop his dream path slowly.


 After hearing of the four venerable ascension conditions from Lu Wei Yin, after careful consideration, Fang Yuan guessed that refinement path would be the most likely path that he would become venerable in.


 First becoming a venerable in refinement path, then going onto becoming venerable in other paths.


 This was the advantage of the sovereign immortal body!


 The other venerables would only be able to stare at his growth.


 Even though Spectral Soul knew how to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, after failing in his pursuit of Fang Yuan, he had already fallen behind in terms of progress.


 Fang Yuan had far greater potential for development than the current venerables.


 At the same time, Central Continent, Spirit Affinity House.


 In a certain Gu refinement secret room within Spirit Affinity House, Feng Jin Huang’s Gu refinement was reaching its crucial stage.


 "I am about to succeed." Feng Jin Huang’s eyes shined: "As long as I refine this dream path mortal Gu, I will have defensive abilities in dream realms. This is definitely a huge breakthrough... urgh!"


 Suddenly, the light in front of Feng Jin Huang exploded, the Gu refinement failed as she coughed out a mouthful of blood, falling down.


 "How did this happen?!" Feng Jin Huang was extremely shocked, this was not supposed to happen, the dream path mortal Gu recipe had been checked more than ten times, how could there be a mistake?


 Even if any mistake was present, it should not have triggered at this crucial point.


 "This is not a problem with my Gu recipe, the problem is the Gu material!" Feng Jin Huang’s head was hurting greatly, but she still understood what had happened.


 "When refining the Gu, I did my inspection. The Gu materials must have been tampered with, and it must be the work of an immortal, that is why I could not notice it."


 "I was plotted against."


 "Someone wants me dead!"


 Thinking of this, a deep chill emerged from the depths of Feng Jin Huang’s heart.


 She struggled to get up but halfway, she fell over.


 Her face was pale as her aura weakened, the strength in her body dissipated as well.


 "I am going to die here." Feng Jin Huang gritted her teeth as tears appeared in her eyes. her beautiful and elegant face was plastered on the cold ground, she had no strength to raise it herself.


 "Master..." Before dying, Feng Jin Huang thought of Duke Long, her mother, and her father.


 "I am not willing to die here!" Feng Jin Huang shouted in her heart.


 Suddenly, she heard some quarreling outside.


 "Fairy, fairy, you cannot go in!"


 "I, Zhao Lian Yun, am the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, I can use any Gu refinement room I want, why can’t I choose this best room?"


 "Fairy, this room has been taken already, you barged in like this, what if an accident occurs when the person inside is refining Gu..."


 "Accident? Hmph! How can there be any accident?" The moment she said that, there was a loud sound, the third door of the secret room was forcefully opened.


 "Ah, what is going on?" The Gu Master in charge of the Gu refinement secret room became pale with shock.


 "Her Gu refinement failed, she suffered a backlash. Quickly give way, how can a Gu Master like you save her from these injuries?" Zhao Lian Yun pushed the Gu Master aside, a dark light flickering in her eyes.


 The Gu Master was covered in sweat, thinking about the history between Feng Jin Huang and Zhao Lian Yun, she was flustered and did not know what to do.


 "Aren’t you scramming? If you interrupt my healing, can you bear the consequences?" Zhao Lian Yun called out again.


 The Gu Master gritted her teeth: "Fairy... ah!"


 Zhao Lian Yun waved her hand, a lump of profound light sent the Gu Master flying far away.


 Zhao Lian Yun approached Feng Jin Huang as she squatted down.


 The two peerless beauties looked at each other.


 The Gu refinement secret room fell into dead silence.


 This was truly a twist of fate, the two of them had reversed statuses at the moment.


 Feng Jin Huang was not flustered in the face of death, she said calmly: "So you are the ones who want me dead."


 She was intelligent, after seeing Zhao Lian Yun, she thought of Li Jun Ying and Xu Hao. The latter two had deep grudges with Feng Jiu Ge.


 Zhao Lian Yun sighed as she extended her hand towards Feng Jin Huang.


 Feng Jin Huang had no strength to resist, her vision fell into darkness.



***
Chapter 2089 Come Compete Yourself!


***





 



 Water vapor surged, three Gu Immortals flew rapidly among the clouds.


 "Faster, faster!" The Gu Immortal in front was the current first supreme elder of Spirit Affinity House.


 The three Spirit Affinity House immortals that were moving showed unease and anxiety on their faces.


 It turned out that after Zhao Lian Yun forcefully sent the rank five Gu Master guarding the Gu refinement room away, this Gu Master felt very worried and went to inform the higher-ups of Spirit Affinity House.


 After receiving the news, first supreme elder and the rest could not wait any more, they quickly rushed towards the place!


 Nothing had to happen to Feng Jin Huang!


 Earlier, even though Feng Jiu Ge betrayed them in the fate war and caused Fairy Bai Qing and Feng Jin Huang to fall from grace, Heavenly Court dealt with the issue calmly, they did not punish the two of them.


 According to the rules of the righteous path, they could not punish them. This was because Feng Jin Huang and Fairy Bai Qing did not betray their sect, Feng Jin Huang was even the disciple of Duke Long.


 During the pursuit of Fang Yuan, Qin Ding Ling handed out emergency orders. Spirit Affinity House’s first supreme elder personally controlled the Immortal Gu House and brought Feng Jin Huang to the battlefield, where she collected all of the dream realms that Fang Yuan left behind.


 Feng Jin Huang made a huge contribution in this battle!


 Before the first supreme elder left, Qin Ding Ling secretly transmitted to her and said: "Take good care of Feng Jin Huang. Even with the destruction of fate Gu, dream path is still the future trend of the world."


 Spirit Affinity House instantly understood the intention of Heavenly Court — they still thought highly of Feng Jin Huang and wanted to nurture her. All of the dream realms that Feng Jin Huang collected were kept with her, Heavenly Court did not take a single one away!


 The three immortals flew into the Gu refinement secret room directly.


 "Fairy Lian Yun, you need to calm down... hmm?" The three immortals were surprised.


 They did not see Feng Jin Huang’s corpse, instead, they saw that Feng Jin Huang and Zhao Lian Yun were facing each other.


 Traces of blood was still seen on Feng Jin Huang’s lips but using their investigative methods, the three immortals found that she was very healthy, completely uninjured.


 "What is going on?"


 "Did Zhao Lian Yun really save Feng Jin Huang?"


 "This is too strange. Zhao Lian Yun has always been part of the anti-Feng faction, Feng Jin Huang failed her Gu refinement this time, she came at a peculiar timing, she evidently wanted to deal a fatal blow. Why did this happen?"


 The three immortals were unable to understand.


 Looking at the situation, Feng Jin Huang had the upper hand, while Zhao Lian Yun’s expression was quite ugly.


 "Feng Jin Huang, very well done!" Zhao Lian Yun looked at Feng Jin Huang deeply in the eyes, she spoke with deep meaning before leaving.


 She walked past the three immortals without even greeting them, this went against her usual demeanor, it showed how terrible her mood was.


 Feng Jin Huang wiped the blood traces off her lips as she smiled and greeted the three supreme elders.


 The three immortals quickly understood the reason, they sighed in their hearts.


 "This must be due to Feng Jin Huang’s plan, she must have sensed something and went along with the scheme to lure out the enemies, causing Zhao Lian Yun to expose herself."


 "Ever since the fate war, Feng Jin Huang’s improvement has been very evident. Predicaments truly help to train people."


 "But what should we do about their conflict?"


 The three immortals were secretly troubled.


 On one hand, there was the anti-Feng faction, Li Jun Ying and Xu Hao were the pillars holding this faction up, they helped Zhao Lian Yun become the current generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House. With her addition, the faction was already the number one force within Spirit Affinity House.


 On the other hand, there were Fairy Bai Qing and Feng Jin Huang. This mother and daughter pair was not easy to deal with, they had deep foundations. Even though Feng Jin Huang seemed to have lost her grace, she was still very important to Heavenly Court. After all, her father was Feng Jiu Ge, even though he betrayed the righteous path, as long as he was not dead, Spirit Affinity House could not ignore his existence!


 The conflict between the two factions became the greatest internal threat of Spirit Affinity House, but the first supreme elder was unable to do anything.


 "Feng Jin Huang, if you want to refine Gu in the future, you can come to my mountain peak." The first supreme elder looked at Feng Jin Huang for a while before speaking amicably.


 She pretended not to know about the fact that Zhao Lian Yun came to find trouble earlier.


 There was no direct evidence.


 The only evidence was the Gu refinement materials, but they were destroyed already.


 Even if there was evidence, the first supreme elder would likely not want to deal with it. Having it manifest now would just trigger the internal threat, causing the decline of the sect.


 The first supreme elder was very mature. She knew that Spirit Affinity House had fallen into some internal strife now, it was like a volcano bound to erupt soon. She needed to use a pot lid and cover the top, stalling for as much time as she could. During this period, she had to dig some routes to redirect the lava away and release the inner pressure to stabilize the situation.


 Zhao Lian Yun returned to her mountain with a livid expression.


 She did not enter the hall, she stood on the mountain peak, looking at the dark weather.


 She knew that someone would come.


 As expected, a while later, Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying flew over together.


 This couple’s expressions were not good, along the way, they already knew that the plan had failed. But they still needed to find out the details from Zhao Lian Yun herself.


 Before Xu Hao or Li Jun Ying spoke, Zhao Lian Yun already asked them: "How did Feng Jin Huang find out the flaw in the Gu materials? Do you have anything to say about this failure?"


 Xu Hao was silent.


 Li Jun Ying said grimly: "I underestimated Feng Jin Huang. Lian Yun, you know about my title as Illusory Fairy, I am skilled at such things. Especially when I became a shadow path great grandmaster recently, even if the Gu material were to be placed in front of first supreme elder, she might not have found out."


 Zhao Lian Yun’s expression was cold as she waved her sleeves in anger: "But it happened anyway, what explanation do you have?"


 Xu Hao spoke: "Maybe Duke Long left Feng Jin Huang some defensive methods. Or maybe this is the power of dream path. After all, we are not familiar with dream path, that demon Fang Yuan has also relied on dream path to fight strong enemies while he was weak."


 Xu Hao continued: "Alright, this was our mistake. Fairy Lian Yun, according to our agreement, after helping us with this matter, we no longer owe each other anything. Since this plan failed, let it be, it was our fault after all, we will treat it as a completed task. From today onwards, we do not owe each other anything!"


 Hearing his words, Li Jun Ying showed anxiety on her face, she wanted to speak, but Xu Hao stopped her with his hand.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s expression eased at this moment, she nodded at the two immortals before turning around and leaving without speaking.


 The two immortals saw that Zhao Lian Yun went into her palace, they had to return.


 Along the way, Li Jun Ying said angrily: "If not for our help, how could this Zhao Lian Yun have gotten the divine concealment of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance? If not for our help, how could she have become the current generation fairy? She actually wants to keep a clear distance from us now, she is truly an ingrate. And husband, you actually let her off so easily, do you know that she is the best weapon for us to deal with Feng Jiu Ge! To think that you are a wisdom path cultivator, sigh."


 Xu Hao smiled: "My dear wife, don’t worry. Even though we failed, there were gains too. Firstly, we learned about Heavenly Court’s intentions through the first supreme elder’s actions. Secondly, we now have Zhao Lian Yun on our side for good. Thirdly, we also found out some of Feng Jin Huang’s abilities."


 Li Jun Ying was slightly dazed before she realized: "That’s right, even though we failed, Zhao Lian Yun also became enemies with Feng Jin Huang. Even if we do not look for Zhao Lian Yun, Feng Jin Huang will eventually ’repay’ her for this, the enemy of an enemy is a friend, so she is still on our side."


 "Precisely." Xu Hao nodded.


 Li Jun Ying smiled: "Husband, you are really a wisdom path cultivator, I was wrong earlier."


 Xu Hao smiled, showing a gaze full of bitterness: "Feng Jin Huang is truly the daughter of Feng Jiu Ge, her attitude, talent, and dream path methods surpass my expectations. Our original plan was to use Feng Jin Huang as the bait to lure Feng Jiu Ge into attacking Spirit Affinity House angrily, to make him conflict with Heavenly Court."


 Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying’s target was still Feng Jiu Ge after all.


 Even though Feng Jiu Ge was strong and even ten of Li Jun Ying and Xu Hao together could not fight him, was there really a need to face him in combat?


 Humans were the spirit of living beings, there were many ways to kill an enemy stronger than yourself.


 Xu Hao, who cultivated wisdom path, thought of a plan to use Heavenly Court as the blade to exterminate Feng Jiu Ge.


 This was the flair of a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he was skilled at using other people or situations to achieve his goal!


 "This plan failed, I truly underestimated Feng Jin Huang. After this, she will definitely stay by her mother’s side, we will not have many opportunities to strike again in the future." Xu Hao was very worried.


 Feng Jiu Ge had once suppressed Xu Hao, causing him to live a life shrouded by darkness. This was their grudge.


 When Feng Jiu Ge was in Spirit Affinity House, his family occupied all of the resources, causing Li Jun Ying and Xu Hao to progress slowly in cultivation. This involved their benefits.


 Feng Jin Huang cultivated dream path and was highly regarded by Heavenly Court, she was the forerunner of the new era. This was a future threat.


 Spirit Affinity House and Heavenly Court could not be depended on, the only one who could defend Xu Hao’s benefits was Xu Hao himself.


 If he did not do his best, who would help him?


 "The journey of cultivation involves competition and conflict, we can only win if we stake our lives on important gambles." Xu Hao muttered, determination flashing in his eyes again.


 Some days later.


 Eastern Sea.


 On a nameless island in a nameless sea area, Fang Yuan let out his dream path clone.


 "Start." Fang Yuan said plainly.


 The dream path clone nodded as he took a deep breath, shattering his aperture at the next moment.


 The complete Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique’s aperture was different from an ordinary rank five aperture, it was constantly alternating between shattering and forming at all times, yet its aperture wall had a thin layer that was able to fix this dream path aperture in place.


 At this time, Fang Yuan’s dream path clone only used primeval essence to assault the wall before it shattered.


 At the next moment, formless heavenly power surged towards him from all over the place as the pure dream clone’s body started to rise into the air.


 Rumble!


 Clouds gathered in the sky as thunder rumbled.


 The waves around the island became more intense, soon turning into huge tides!


 The environment became quite hostile, using Gu worms in this area, be they immortal or mortal, would result in backlash.


 If the backlash was severe, even Immortal Gu would be destroyed!


 Heaven’s will was seemingly enraged!


 Fang Yuan was a hated scoundrel, he actually wanted to become a dream path Gu Immortal in advance.


 This was not part of the plan of heaven’s will.


 This went against the arrangement of fate.


 It could not be spared!


 It could not be forgiven!


 Fang Yuan looked up at the sky, his gaze was peaceful yet determined.


 So what if the Heavenly Dao did not allow it?


 Then contest!


 Then fight!


 In this world, the most reliable thing was neither your clan or sect, nor your family or lover, it was yourself.



***
Chapter 2090 Meng Qiu Zhen


***





 



 Fang Yuan’s pure dream clone had already shattered his aperture to start the immortal ascension.


 Once this process started, it could not be stopped. Either he became an immortal or he would face failure in death!


 Heaven qi poured down like a calm yet swift breeze, earth qi rose up with a heavy and stable feeling.


 The pure dream clone emitted a dense human qi as well.


 The complete Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique was the eleventh extreme physique, it contained an immense amount of human qi to begin with.


 As the three qi converged, qi currents surged and intertwined, creating a huge cocoon that enveloped the pure dream clone’s entire body tightly, leaving no gaps outside.


 At this juncture, Gu Masters had to be mindful to regulate the three qi and fuse them together. The three qi had to be balanced, if human qi was slightly in excess, it would lead to self-detonation. If heaven qi was slightly more, the Gu Master would dissolve into the sky. If earth qi was slightly denser, the Gu Master would turn into a fossil and suffocate to death.


 This step was precarious.


 But Fang Yuan had absolute confidence in the pure dream clone.


 He had already given the pure dream clone an abundance of memories regarding immortal ascension. This not only included Fang Yuan himself but also those he soul searched. For example, the Northern Plains Gu Immortals like Hei Cheng, or Southern Border Gu Immortals like Xia Cha, there were also many Eastern Sea, Central Continent, and Western Desert Gu Immortals that Fang Yuan harmed.


 In the long history of Gu cultivation, in terms of immortal ascension experience, the pure dream clone’s accumulation was definitely rare.


 The difficulty of the pure dream clone’s immortal ascension was not the three qi, but the tribulation!


 In the sky, heaven and earth qi rumbled like a turbulent sea. A vast amount of pink fog covered the sky of a few thousand li, it was grand and majestic, emitting a dense aura of dream path.


 Fang Yuan’s main body was solemnly awaiting it, this immortal ascension definitely enraged heaven’s will greatly, the difficulty was far beyond ordinary.


 Bam bam bam...


 At the next moment, rumbling thunder could be heard unceasingly.


 Within the sea of pink clouds, more than ten balls of light shot down.


 These balls were all pink in color, they were large as mountains, the surfaces were smooth without any impurities.


 The balls of light did not move quickly, they gave people a feeling of being weightless.


 As the ten pink balls descended, they were aimed at the pure dream clone who was floating in the air.


 Fang Yuan immediately acted to obstruct them.


 There were countless thoughts accumulated in his mind, at once, his thoughts collided, killer moves were unleashed in rapid succession, creating a huge sky of fireworks that blocked the ten pink balls.


 The following scene was a slight shock to Fang Yuan.


 One pink ball shattered into countless bubbles that spread in the sky.


 One pink ball engulfed everything in its path as it expanded by several times.


 One pink ball shattered and turned into desolate beast nightmare demonic colts, rapidly approaching the pure dream clone.


 One pink ball turned into a lump of dream realms that flew over.


 One pink ball turned into a dream path Immortal Gu, rapidly vanishing into thin air.


 ...


 The ten pink balls had varying effects, it was a chaotic scene!


 Any ordinary Gu Immortal would have flustered by now, but with Fang Yuan’s deep wisdom path attainment, he made the most appropriate reaction right away.


 He first released the desolate level year beasts in his immortal aperture to resist the nightmare demonic colts.


 Next, he waved his sleeves, dense smoke flew out and captured all of the dream butterflies that got close to the pure dream clone.


 After that, he used pure dream reality seeker transformation on the dream realm!


 But this dream realm still approached the top of the pure dream clone’s head as its form changed violently, resisting Fang Yuan’s pure dream reality seeker transformation.


 "It seems that this dream realm contains heaven’s will." Fang Yuan did not worry.


 Even though he had not undergone a dream path immortal ascension before, he had already made many deductions regarding this.


 This was one of the scenarios that he deduced.


 A large amount of wisdom path and dream path Gu worms were rapidly activated in the sovereign immortal aperture, they formed a killer move, heaven’s will dissipation.


 This killer move was modified by Fang Yuan, it was originally able to dispel the heaven’s will in dream realms but the efficiency was too low. After modification, by adding in dream path Immortal Gu, the speed became faster.


 However, the brand new heaven’s will dissipation could not work on this dream realm.


 "What is going on?" Fang Yuan frowned.


 At the next moment, thoughts collided in his mind, inspiration flashed.


 "This dream realm is fake!"


 "This is why pure dream reality seeker transformation did not work earlier. Even if I use heaven’s will dissipation, the result is the same."


 "But in that case..." A dark light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he hesitated for once: "Looking at the scene in front of me, what is real and what is fake?"


 The seemingly chaotic tribulation had real and fake elements to it.


 But even with Fang Yuan’s strength, he could not tell.


 One skill to dominate the world, this was the power of dream path, even Fang Yuan’s main body succumbed to it unknowingly.


 "Indeed, the pure dream clone is only undergoing immortal ascension, the tribulation cannot be this powerful. There were desolate beasts and dream path Immortal Gu... Why did I not realize this earlier?"


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk uncontrollably.


 The dream path tribulation was truly peculiar, not only could it blur reality and truth, it could even silently affect Fang Yuan’s thoughts and mental state.


 Dream armor Immortal Gu had been given to the pure dream clone long ago, Fang Yuan quickly used his compound killer move.


 Using dreaming Immortal Gu as the core, his body started to shine in a layer of profound light, it was able to defend against some dream path abilities.


 Fang Yuan instantly felt his mind clearing up, he was no longer disrupted when thinking.


 But that did not help the tribulation that the clone was facing.


 At this time, Fang Yuan could only stop his actions!


 Just a mere rank six tribulation was able to force the pseudo venerable Fang Yuan to no longer take action.


 Because soon, Fang Yuan realized that he could not decipher the reality and illusion of this scene, was that the case for the pure dream clone too?


 Even though Fang Yuan felt that the pure dream clone’s cocoon had never changed location, it was likely that its traces had already been concealed.


 If Fang Yuan did anything now, he might be killing the pure dream clone in reality!


 At this time, dream path defensive methods became extremely precious.


 Fang Yuan did not move, he let the dream path tribulation hit him, only using the compound killer move to defend himself.


 As for the pure dream clone, he was defended by dream armor Immortal Gu.


 The pure dream clone did not have the sovereign immortal body, he could not use Fang Yuan’s compound killer moves.


 The pure dream clone also had to stabilize the three qi, he could not divert his precious thoughts into activating any dream path killer moves.


 The truth was, Fang Yuan was only a dream path master, he could not create dream path killer moves compatible with the pure dream clone in this short period of time.


 Thus, the pure dream clone directly activated dream armor Immortal Gu instead.


 Even though dream armor Immortal Gu was rank seven, the pure dream clone had the immortal essence that the main body gave him.


 Fang Yuan was very patient, he watched the dream realm descend upon his clone, he watched as the nightmare demonic colts got free from the year beasts and attacked the pure dream clone.


 The dream path tribulation lasted for over forty-five minutes before the clouds in the sky dissipated.


 Heaven and earth was clear again.


 As heaven and earth qi faded away, the sea became calm again.


 The nightmare demonic colts on the ground returned to their original form, they were actually the desolate level year beasts that Fang Yuan released earlier.


 As expected, the cocoon was not far away, it was to the left of Fang Yuan!


 This discovery made Fang Yuan’s heart turn cold. The cocoon was at a dangerous spot, if Fang Yuan used any killer move, he could likely implicate it.


 By then, Fang Yuan’s main body would be the culprit that killed the pure dream clone!


 The dream path immortal ascension was truly dangerous.


 If Fang Yuan took risks, it was likely that his main body would be the biggest obstacle for his clone’s tribulation. Thankfully, Fang Yuan was vigilant and only did the tribulation after getting dream armor Immortal Gu.


 Even so, this immortal ascension was very dangerous, he almost failed to pass it.


 "This dream path tribulation even managed to affect my main body, let’s call it bewildering illusion dream tribulation." Even though Fang Yuan also had a compound killer move that contained dreaming Immortal Gu and could be used for investigation, this killer move was clearly not enough to decipher the truth.


 The key was that he had too few dream path Immortal Gu.


 Dream Armor was with the clone, the main body only had rank seven Dreaming and rank eight Dream Token.


 If Dream Token was used alone, the user would die from using it, because this Immortal Gu uses all of the Gu Immortal’s foundation (immortal essence, emotions, true meaning) to create a dream realm.


 The size and power of the dream realm would depend on the situation.


 Back then, Wu Shuai was a peak rank eight Gu Immortal, he was a quasi-supreme grandmaster in enslavement path, after sacrificing his life, Dragon Palace gained the power to enslave the Four Dragon Generals.


 Dream Token was very hard to use alone, killer moves that used it as the core were very difficult to activate. In Fang Yuan’s case, it was not even as useful as rank seven dreaming Immortal Gu.


 The three qi fused into one lump.


 The pure dream clone tossed a rank five dream butterfly mortal Gu into it.


 At the next moment, there was a loud sound as the three qi exploded, creating an immortal aperture.


 With the creation of the immortal aperture, it started to absorb the surrounding heaven and earth qi of the pure dream clone in a frenzy and grew rapidly.


 The pure dream clone put in dream armor Immortal Gu and the rest, quickly soothing the three qi and stabilizing the newly created blessed land.


 The blessed land was completed, even though it was not comparable to the sovereign immortal aperture, it was a super grade blessed land, far beyond high grade.


 The complete pure dream clone had a ten extreme physique, thus, it was not strange to have a super grade blessed land that only ten extreme physiques could obtain.


 With the blessed land, a portion of heaven and earth qi still remained.


 The pure dream clone used the chance to refine his vital Gu.


 The dream butterfly mortal Gu that he tossed in earlier was his vital Gu.


 During the resonance with heaven and earth earlier, he learned of three dream path Immortal Gu recipes from natural inspiration, dream butterfly Immortal Gu was one of them.


 Dream butterfly Immortal Gu successfully became rank six, Fang Yuan finally had a total of four dream path Immortal Gu now!


 After the Immortal Gu was refined, new dream path tribulations appeared in the blessed land, but the might was far lower than the immortal ascension tribulation.


 This time, Fang Yuan’s main body did not need to do anything.


 Fang Yuan gave dreaming Immortal Gu to the pure dream clone, the latter used the three Immortal Gu to pass the tribulation.


 "Dreamy light smoke of the otherworldly guest,"


 "Calling out the inner soul of my nightly dream."


 "Even if this is not fated for a hundred years,"


 "I leave behind this mortal shell to seek reality in my dream."


 After the tribulation, the pure dream clone sang his poem, he placed his palm by his chest, bowing at the main body: "From today onwards, my name is Meng Qiu Zhen[1]."


 Fang Yuan laughed: "Good name. Meng Qiu Zhen, show me your dream path blessed land."


 He was very interested in the dream path blessed land.


 This dream path super grade blessed land had a total of 8000 km2 of land, the rate of time was forty-six times, the immortal aperture origin core would produce fifty-five green grape immortal essence each year.


 This was the standard of a super grade blessed land, there was nothing out of the norm.


 The truly satisfactory thing for Fang Yuan was the special environment of the blessed land.


 "This is the best location to nurture dream path immortal material, the potential for development is huge, it did not disappoint me after all." After some observation, Fang Yuan was quite satisfied.


 The severe lack of dream path immortal materials had always troubled him.


 With this dream path immortal aperture, he had a foundation to develop more immortal materials.


 Throughout history, the signature development of a new path was the emergence of Gu Immortals that cultivate the path! Because of the unique and enclosed environment, the Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture could rapidly grow a large amount of immortal materials of that path, these immortal materials would flow into the market and push the path to prosper and progress.


 [1] Literally Dream Reality Seeker, he uses a part of the physique as his name, this is also what the last part of the poem refers to.



***
Chapter 2091 Clear and Bright Eyes


***





 



 "Kill, kill him!"


 "Don’t let him bring the Immortal Gu away!"


 "That Immortal belongs to me, Gu Diao Gui Men, don’t think of leaving."


 The pursuing group was closing in, Feng Jin Huang had two paths ahead of her to choose from.


 Only one could allow her to escape, the other path would lead to Diao Gui Men’s blessed land headquarters.


 Feng Jin Huang did not hesitate, she chose the left path and rushed out.


 With a loud sound, the view before her shined brightly.


 Feng Jin Huang was slightly dazed, she soon found that her soul had returned to the outside world. The dream realm from earlier had already vanished.


 "I passed the dream realm, as expected, that wild soul path Immortal Gu is the key!" After her soul returned to her body, Feng Jin Huang showed an excited expression: "This time, my soul path attainment level rose. Dream path master attainment level is really helpful when exploring dream realms."


 Ever since that dangerous situation in the Gu refinement secret room, Feng Jin Huang benefited from the ordeal instead and advanced to dream path master.


 The last scene of the dream realm earlier was also Feng Jin Huang’s first attempt, she did not know which way was the right one. But at the crucial moment, her dream path master instincts told her which was the correct route to take.


 "It is a pity that I cannot control the instinct gained by becoming a dream path master, it works at times but does not have effect at other times."


 "If I can become a dream path grandmaster, this instinct will be many times stronger, I can even use dream path Gu worms to form killer moves that mimic other paths as well."


 Feng Jin Huang sighed internally.


 This advancement to dream path master was already an incredible experience to her, she had been fortunate to succeed after facing immense danger and the threat of death.


 Feng Jin Huang could clearly feel that her understanding and accumulated knowledge of dream path had been used up, she barely became a dream path master. To raise her attainment level again, she would need to accumulate more foundation next, this would take a long time.


 After packing up, Feng Jin Huang stood up and pushed the door of the cultivation secret room open.


 Passing the long walkway, she arrived in the living room.


 Fairy Bai Qing had already cooked food, the table was full of delicacies.


 Seeing Feng Jin Huang, Fairy Bai Qing smiled: "Huang Er, has your cultivation for today ended? Looking at your expression, you must have succeeded."


 "Indeed, mother. Dream path master attainment level is truly phenomenal, it is so helpful for my dream realm explorations!" Feng Jin Huang sat down and described the final scene of the dream realm: "If not for my instincts, my soul would have gotten heavily injured now."


 Fairy Bai Qing’s smile faded away: "I’ve already looked into it, that situation is quite clear now. The ones plotting against you are Li Jun Ying and Xu Hao. Li Jun Ying secretly became a shadow path great grandmaster but kept a low profile, allowing her to tamper with the Gu materials. But eventually, Zhao Lian Yun did not harm you but saved you instead. I am truly seeing this otherworldly demon in another light. No wonder she could become the current generation fairy, it was not just because she was the lucky person who received love Gu’s recognition."


 Feng Jin Huang had a complex expression on her face.


 She recalled the scene in the secret room, fear still lingering in her heart.


 Back then, she was completely defenseless, she was fish on the chopping block, Zhao Lian Yun could decide her life and death.


 Even though Feng Jin Huang survived without any danger in the end, this situation still stirred her inner heart greatly!


 Fairy Bai Qing continued to speak: "Huang Er, I have already inspected your body, there are no problems. Did Zhao Lian Yun really just save you, she did not list any requests?"


 Feng Jin Huang shook her head: "Even though she did not say it, I have already guessed her plan. After all, her eventual goal is very obvious. Mother, forget about this, let’s eat! After eating, I need to continue exploring dream realms."


 Fairy Bai Qing nodded: "As long as you know what you are doing. But cultivating day and night all the time is no good, cultivation has its own pace to follow."


 "Mother!" Feng Jin Huang interrupted Fairy Bai Qing: "I know about the concept of pacing myself, but I also know that I need to be stronger. I can only protect you when I am stronger, I do not want to be the one who is constantly protected. Only by getting stronger can I fulfill master’s dying wish and become a dream path Gu Immortal. Only by getting stronger can I make people like Zhao Lian Yun and Fang Yuan unable to bully and plot against me. Only by getting stronger can I face my father directly and engage with him in a fight to show him my true goals!"


 Fairy Bai Qing was dazed for a moment.


 Feng Jin Huang’s eyes were seemingly emitting bright light, two rays of light shot into Fairy Bai Qing’s heart.


 Fairy Bai Qing held down her worries as she smiled: "Huang Er, since you have made your decision, go ahead and do it. I will support you all the way! If you have any needs, I will do my best to help you."


 Feng Jin Huang left her seat and came to Fairy Bai Qing, she held her mother’s hands: "Mother, I know you love me. Do you have any method to get guts Gu? I need guts Gu the most now."


 Fairy Bai Qing smiled bitterly: "Oh Huang Er, this request is too much for me. You know that guts Gu is only produced on Dang Hun Mountain, and this mountain is in the hands of that demon Gu Yue Fang Yuan, he has already stopped selling guts Gu publicly for a long time now. All of the guts Gu in the market are just the remaining stock that he sold in the past, with the quantity dwindling, the price is also getting higher."


 Feng Jin Huang sighed: "Mother, you know that many methods can heal my soul but they will have certain side effects, nothing can match guts Gu. I must become a dream path Gu Immortal, if my soul has too many varying dao marks at that time, it will limit my future potential."


 Fairy Bai Qing patted Feng Jin Huang’s hands: "I will do my best, sigh, if only your father was here..."


 Feng Jin Huang’s expression changed as she said in displeasure: "Mother, don’t mention him in front of me!"


 "Alright, alright, I won’t talk about him."


 At the same time, Affection Peak.


 "To think that the sect sent you to convince me." The owner of Affection Peak, Zhao Lian Yun, looked at the person with a smile.


 Bu Zhen Zi smiled bitterly: "Fairy, please don’t take offense. This was a task given to me, I had no choice but to come here and talk to you."


 Zhao Lian Yun’s smile widened: "You are too polite. Back then, when we went to Northern Plains and fought on Snowy Mountain, if not for your protection, I would have died already, please come in, I have prepared some tea for you."


 Bu Zhen Zi was a rank seven Gu Immortal who cultivated phantom path, back then, he was ordered by the sect to protect Zhao Lian Yun, he showed a good performance in Reverse Flow River and was heavily nurtured after returning to the sect.


 Spirit Affinity House’s higher-ups also considered this point, they sent Bu Zhen Zi here to convince Zhao Lian Yun to stop her actions.


 Bu Zhen Zi arrived in the evening, when the tea ceremony ended, the moon had already appeared into the sky.


 "Fairy, there is no need to send me off, I will take my leave now." Bu Zhen Zi cupped his fists, his expression was joyful, this discussion was quite successful, Zhao Lian Yun was far more magnanimous and easy-going than he had expected.


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded: "Goodbye."


 Bu Zhen Zi said sincerely: "Fairy, I have already understood your circumstances and problem, I will go and inform first supreme elder, please do not worry."


 Zhao Lian Yun smiled: "I will have to trouble you then."


 Zhao Lian Yun watched as Bu Zhen Zi left, even after his figure vanished into the clouds, she still remained standing at the top of Affection Peak.


 Night winds howled, the surrounding mountains were covered in dense fog, nearly concealing even the bright moon in the sky.


 This was Spirit Affinity House’s main headquarters, the moon in the sky was just an immortal formation in essence.


 Zhao Lian Yun was dressed in white, her clothes moved along with the wind, she had long black silky hair and clear skin, her eyes were furrowed as she looked at the night sky.


 She was Spirit Affinity House’s current generation fairy, her status was very high, even a rank seven expert like Bu Zhen Zi had to speak to her politely.


 She had the Thieving Heaven true inheritance of divine concealment, she controlled love Gu, she could command people at will, it was really not easy for an otherworldly demon like her to reach this stage.


 However, none of these made Zhao Lian Yun happy.


 "Right now, I have become an immortal but you are not by my side. Sigh, being an immortal is no better than a mortal..."


 The huge five regions and two heavens were still not her homeland, she could not truly feel at ease.


 She was once favored by fortune, she encountered Ma Hong Yun, whom she entrusted her heart to.


 But destiny was also cruel, she got separated from Ma Hong Yun, getting sold publicly as Feng Jiu Ge bought her, she participated in the Reverse Flow River battle but watched as Fang Yuan killed Ma Hong Yun in front of her.


 She was used by Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying as a pawn, she had once knelt on the ground and begged, she tried all ways possible to become the current generation fairy.


 She was given trouble at the secret inheritance peak, at that time, Spirit Affinity House’s Gu Immortals were very cold to her.


 After hearing of Fang Zheng’s successful immortal ascension, she went to visit him and even brought gifts.


 She helped Fang Zheng train his blood turns cold killer move.


 With the help of Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying, she became the Affection Peak Lord. She knew about this couple’s scheme, but she had to agree to deal with Feng Jin Huang for them.


 But not only did Feng Jin Huang not die, Zhao Lian Yun saved her instead.


 This was Zhao Lian Yun’s scheme.


 "Xu Hao and Li Jun Ying made use of me, but I can also make use of their hatred towards Feng Jiu Ge to manipulate them! If they want to deal with Feng Jiu Ge, they will need to rely on me. I can also use them to cultivate and grow faster. Thankfully, I have divine concealment, it allows me to face wisdom path Gu Immortals with ease."


 "Bu Zhen Zi and I have some history of fighting together, we can become allies for benefits."


 "Fang Zheng has already become the Demon Judgment Board Lord, my investment was truly worth it."


 "And Feng Jin Huang also owes me this favor, maybe we can join hands to deal with Fang Yuan. After all, he snatched her Hu Immortal blessed land."


 Zhao Lian Yun schemed with all her strength, a vague web that connected several forces was already forming around her.


 She only had one goal, that was to retrieve Ma Hong Yun’s soul from Fang Yuan and revive her lover!


 "Fang Yuan..." Zhao Lian Yun muttered, the worry on her face deepened immediately.


 Fang Yuan was like the fog that covered this sky, he was grand and vast, compared to him, Zhao Lian Yun was insignificant and weak.


 Her goal was like the moon in the sky, clouds covered it and hid everything from her, almost completely obscured.


 She could not see the path ahead, she could not find a destination.


 Zhao Lian Yun gritted her teeth, her body was like a weak white flower that would be blown away by the wind at any time.


 But her eyes were still shining brightly.


 "I need to persevere!"


 "I cannot give up."


 "If even I fail, then who can still save Hong Yun?"


 "In this world, he can only rely on me. And I can only rely on myself!"


 "Tomorrow, I will head to Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range. The traces of their fight can still be found there, I can gain first-hand information and deduce Fang Yuan’s current strength."



***
Chapter 2092 Wang Xiao Ers Amnesia


***





 



 Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range.


 In an ordinary and common cave, the four great obscenities of Central Continent chose to rest in this place.


 Eastern Obscenity Chen Yin Dao, Western Thief Yu Ba Guang, Southern Disturbance Shi Bao and Northern Squandering Fan Chun Yao, they all had rank four cultivation level, they were infamous in Central Continent’s Gu Master world, they had taken the chastity and lives of many innocent girls.


 At this time, these four men were standing in a circle, they stared at a young man who was unconscious, observing him.


 "Why hasn’t he woken up yet?"


 "He has been sleeping these last days, he has not even eaten anything but he is still full of vitality."


 "Do you guys think he is an immortal?"


 The four Gu Masters were talking about Wang Xiao Er.


 Wang Xiao Er was an ordinary shepherd, but life was extremely cruel to him. During the battle to pursue Fang Yuan, the aftermath caused the mountain he lived on to be destroyed, all of his family members were dead.


 But for some reason, Wang Xiao Er did not die, he even fell into this peculiar state.


 "Think about it, when we first met him, the grass and flowers around him were blooming and dying constantly. He might be a Gu Immortal who joined that battle, he got injured and his enemies thought he was dead, but he used some method to preserve his life, except he fell into a coma afterwards." Yu Ba Guang tried to connect the events.


 They were just Gu Masters after all, they did not have the information that Heavenly Court was spreading around in treasure yellow heaven.


 "But if he is an immortal, why would an immortal dress like this?" Shi Bao pointed at Wang Xiao Er’s clothes as he showed a strange expression.


 Wang Xiao Er’s clothes were tattered and patched up, he obviously had the lowest status in society, he was not even qualified to become a Gu Master.


 Fan Chun Yao rubbed his chin: "If only we can soul search him, we would know the truth. But these days, even though we used all our soul searching methods, there was no effect. This is definitely something a Gu Master cannot do."


 Soul searching methods had been widely spread ever since Spectral Soul created them, it was simply too convenient after all.


 Any demonic path Gu Master who did not know a single soul searching method would be too ashamed to call themselves demonic.


 The four Gu Masters gritted their teeth, they had never seen such a peculiar situation, they did not know what to do now.


 Eight eyes stared at Wang Xiao Er fixedly.


 Chen Yin Dao spoke: "Sigh, look at his motionless state, if only this were a female immortal."


 The other three looked at each other.


 "Hehehe." At the next moment, they chuckled knowingly.


 After some silence, Shi Bao suddenly shouted: "Screw it, waiting like this will have no progress! I am going to take action."


 "What are you thinking of doing?" Fan Chun Yao asked.


 Shi Bao snickered: "This!"


 Before finishing his words, he attacked abruptly, he activated an offensive Gu worm and shot out a red light at Wang Xiao Er.


 "You are crazy!" The others were shocked.


 But soon, all of their attention was drawn by the phenomenon around Wang Xiao Er.


 They saw that traces of silver threads glowing around Wang Xiao Er, these threads easily blocked the red light, it weakened and dissipated instantly.


 Shi Bao was dumbfounded, the others showed the same expression. They all knew that this was Shi Bao’s strongest method, but it was easily dispelled by this Wang Xiao Er.


 "Looking at his aura alone, this is clearly just a mortal."


 "But he managed to block Shi Bao’s attack in his sleep, this is something that even a rank five Gu Master has to block carefully."


 "If he is not an immortal, what can he be? This is not something a Gu Master can do."


 "Wait, his eyelids are moving!!!"


 The four were shocked, the cave fell into dead silence.


 Wang Xiao Er slowly opened his eyes, his vision was still blurred, his mind was in a mess.


 He sat up.


 Plop, plop... the four Gu Masters knelt down on the ground, shouting: "Immortal, spare us!"


 Wang Xiao Er was shocked: "Who are you guys? Where am I? Wait, who am I?"


 Wang Xiao Er hugged his head as pain could be seen on his face.


 The four demonic path Gu Master looked at each other, a similar thought appeared in all their minds.


 "Don’t tell me, the immortal... lost his memories?!"


 Several days later.


 In a valley at night, a raging bonfire was burning.


 "Come, drink wine!" Chen Yin Dao placed his arm around Wang Xiao Er’s shoulder as he took out the precious wine that was kept for years, offering it to him.


 Wang Xiao Er’s face was already red, he was covered in the odor of alcohol.


 Once he took the bowl, Shi Bao smiled as he handed the fragrant barbecued meat to Wang Xiao Er.


 "Come, eat, little brother." Shi Bao’s tone was so mushy he even felt like vomiting, this evil individual had never been so nice to anyone.


 Wang Xiao Er was not only looking rosy, even his clothes had changed, the quality was much better than before.


 He drank wine and ate meat as he said: "Brothers, you are really nice people, not only did you save me, you are treating me so well."


 "Don’t mention it!" Chen Yin Dao patted Wang Xiao Er’s shoulder: "It was fate that we met."


 At the same time, his heart was bleeding internally: "My wine that has been kept for more than ten years, I couldn’t even bear to drink it myself!"


 "We are all people in the same situation, this is nothing." Yu Ba Guang returned, he had just arranged some investigative Gu worms in the surroundings, he showed an honest and dependable smile.


 "Rely on family when at home, rely on friends when outside. As long as everyone helps each other, I believe this world will become a better place!" Seeing the other three’s performances, Fan Chun Yao did not want to fall behind as well.


 They were all shocked by the scene in the cave earlier. After confirming that Wang Xiao Er was a Gu Immortal who had lost his memories, they decided to treat him like their own ancestor.


 After all, if Wang Xiao Er regains his memories in the future, seeing how well the four of them treated him, he would not do anything bad to them.


 Wang Xiao Er drank wine and ate meat, after filling his stomach, he went to sleep on the comfortable and large bed that the four of them prepared.


 He had truly gotten amnesiac.


 Even though he did not lose his ability to function as a person, he could not remember any of the details of his past.


 During this period, the four Gu Masters had brought him back to the ruins but his memories did not return.


 All that happened was that Wang Xiao Er remembered his own name, he told the four great obscenities.


 Wang Xiao Er felt that life was very blissful.


 But the other four Gu Masters felt like life was currently torture.


 Since when did these four demonic path Gu Masters act so subserviently before? They were ruthless and cruel, they did things without worry, why would they put up this groveling attitude?


 Thus, a few days later, these four Gu Masters could not take it anymore.


 "Guys, even though I want to know the immortal ascension method from this immortal, this life is really too hard to live."


 "I know, we have to be careful all the time, it is really stifling."


 "My worry is, if this Gu Immortal recovers his memories, will he really reward us?"


 "If he is a righteous path Gu Immortal, he will easily learn of our past deeds. What will he do to demonic path members like us?"


 "If he is a demonic path Gu Immortal, if he recalls the scene of us attacking him, will he rip out our tendons and skin?"


 The four of them had deep chemistry after years of living together, their thoughts were quite similar.


 The four of them discussed for a while, they decided to get away from Wang Xiao Er.


 Life was too painful while reward was nowhere in sight, in fact, they might be awaiting death instead.


 "How can we get free from Wang Xiao Er?"


 "We can’t leave too directly, if he regains his memories, wouldn’t he come after us for trouble?"


 "I have a good idea."


 "Tell us, tell us."


 "We are currently here, there is slaughter soul crater nearby, we will enter this place and get free from this problematic person!"


 The next day.


 The four Gu Masters brought Wang Xiao Er deep into slaughter soul crater.


 Slaughter soul crater had a plain terrain, but the actual environment was very complicated.


 This place was part of Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range, it was originally an ordinary mountain that had nothing special in it. But after the huge battle involving Fang Yuan, this place was implicated.


 At that time, Black Heaven Temple’s Gu Immortals witnessed themselves how this slaughter soul sunken land formed.


 Spectral Soul shot out a black soul ball but Dragon Palace dodged it.


 This soul ball shot into the mountain valley.


 There was no sound, at the instance, with the valley as the core, the surrounding thousand li of mountains and valleys turned into black dust that flew away with the wind. The originally bountiful mountains vanished soundlessly, only a huge crater was left.


 The crater was formed by Spectral Soul’s killer move, it was filled with soul path dao marks.


 The living beings who had once lived here were wiped out, but their souls remained.


 Soul path dao marks, wind path dao marks, earth path dao marks, and others converged to form a dense fog, all sorts of soul beasts started to live in the fog.


 The surrounding living beings either entered by mistake or were attacked by the soul beasts, either way, the more living beings that died here, the more souls that remained, this slaughter soul crater’s fog became increasingly denser.


 The five of them carefully avoided many strong soul beasts, they went to the center of slaughter soul crater.


 Yu Ba Guang made an excuse of scouting the area as he left, the other four did not move away.


 Wang Xiao Er did not understand the situation, he asked: "Brothers, why are we here?"


 "Clearly, we want to leave you here. Of course, we won’t do it directly, we will lure some soul beasts here and pretend to be outmatched, in order to protect you, we will lure these soul beasts away while risking our lives." Chen Yin Dao smiled to himself as he thought.


 Other than putting up a show, the four great obscenities also had another thought.


 In the event that this immortal died at the hands of the soul beasts, would he leave any inheritance behind?


 Those who were in the demonic path were normally people with extraordinary guts.


 The four great obscenities were outstanding members in this aspect.


 Chen Yin Dao did not speak the truth of course, he patted Wang Xiao Er’s shoulder: "Brother, we came to Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range to collect some Gu materials. This slaughter soul crater was created by the fight between immortals, before it calms down completely, we have a lot of opportunities to get rich here."



***
Chapter 2093 Chaotic Battle of Five People


***





 



 Slaughter soul crater was still forming now, during the process of conflicting with the surroundings, many gaps would naturally appear. After it stabilizes and reaches balance with the surroundings, the living beings would return inside, beast groups and beast kings would guard their own territories and expand the crater. By then, outsiders would not be able to enter easily.


 Right at this time, the howling of soul beasts could suddenly be heard.


 Chen Yin Dao was slightly surprised: "Yu Ba Guang’s ability to lure beasts has increased."


 But soon, they found something amiss.


 What lured the soul beasts here was not Yu Ba Guang, but a group of Central Continent righteous path Gu Masters.


 These people passed the soul fog and arrived in front of Chen Yin Dao, they were at first happy to see reinforcements but soon, their expressions changed.


 Someone shouted: "Oh no, the four great obscenities!"


 After observing the situation, Chen Yin Dao relaxed and smiled coldly as a sharp gaze flashed in his eyes: "This is my lucky day."


 An intense battle ensued.


 The Central Continent four great obscenities obtained great victory.


 Not only did they kill some soul beasts, they even captured some righteous path Gu Masters alive.


 "What a coincidence, these five remaining ones are all girls."


 "Look at this one, she looks really cute."


 "This one is not bad too."


 "My favorite is this one, look at her tiny mouth and big eyes!"


 The four demonic path Gu Masters assessed the girls with increasing fondness.


 As their captives, the female Gu Masters were extremely fearful.


 "What are you trying to do!"


 "I’m warning you, don’t have any evil thoughts, otherwise, even if I die, I won’t let you succeed!"


 "Hmph, I am a Gu Master of Spirit Affinity House, consider the consequences before you act."


 Facing the threats of the girls, the four great obscenities laughed wildly instead.


 "Yes, this is what I like, I love this expression."


 "Go on and scream, shout louder, nobody is going to save you!"


 "So what if you are from Spirit Affinity House? Back then, we even targeted Heavenly Lotus Sect’s Fairy Bi Xia. It was a pity that guy called Fang Zheng ruined it. Hmph, we will find him and settle the score eventually."


 The four great obscenities slowly approached the female captives as they chuckled lewdly to themselves.


 "Brothers, what are you guys doing?" Wang Xiao Er spoke from behind them, he was completely muddled.


 The other nine people were all stunned.


 Chen Yin Dao frowned.


 The atmosphere from earlier was completely ruined by Wang Xiao Er’s words.


 Shi Bao directly walked towards Wang Xiao Er and wrapped his arm around his neck, bringing him to the female Gu Masters as he chuckled: "Brother Wang Xiao Er, we will give you an eye opener today. You will learn what the true joy of the mortal world is!"


 The other three obscenities looked at each other, they communicated with each other subtly and nodded.


 All of them were daring people who had been on the righteous path’s arrest warrants for years, they lived lives of worry and danger, they were used to maximizing their happiness regardless of consequences.


 Wang Xiao Er was going to be dealt with later anyway, in fact, dragging an immortal through the mud was also quite fun!


 Let’s do that!


 Thus, the four great obscenities surrounded Wang Xiao Er.


 "Oh, so little brother does not know this. Don’t worry, us elder brothers will teach you!"


 "Come on, this is a really fun thing to do."


 "After one attempt, you will be hooked."


 "Half the fulfillment of life lies here."


 Wang Xiao Er nodded repeatedly as he asked with interest: "What should I do?"


 Shi Bao had a muscular body and impatient nature, he immediately dropped his pants: "Do this!"


 The female Gu Masters shouted in unison, some had their eyes shut.


 "Hehe." Yu Ba Guang had a slim body, he also removed his pants.


 There was another wave of screaming.


 Fan Chun Yao was slightly chubbier, he pouted as he removed his pants, pointing downwards: "Look!"


 The female captives screamed even louder now.


 Shi Bao and Yu Ba Guang stared with wide eyes, they showed an indignant expression but the fact was right here, it made them feel helpless.


 Chen Yin Dao quietly pulled down his pants.


 The female Gu Masters’ screams reached an unprecedented peak.


 The other three obscenities raised their thumbs in unison, saying: "As expected of our boss!"


 "Let me do it too." Wang Xiao Er was excited, he quickly removed his pants.


 "Eh?" The female captives gasped at the same time.


 The four great obscenities cast their gaze at the same time.


 The surroundings fell into a state of awkwardness.


 Shi Bao was the most straightforward person, he walked towards Wang Xiao Er and patted his shoulders in sympathy.


 "This is not your fault, you should blame your parents instead!" Fan Chun Yao consoled.


 "Don’t worry, even though you have a poor foundation, this also proves that you have a lot of room for improvement. I have many Gu worms, I can help you." Yu Ba Guang encouraged.


 Chen Yin Dao did not speak, he only thought to himself: "This Wang Xiao Er really lives up to his name[1]!"


 "Let’s go, I can’t wait anymore!" Shi Bao walked towards the female Gu Masters.


 "No, don’t come here!" The female Gu Masters quickly shuffled backwards, some had pale expressions, some had bright red faces.


 "Let’s go together, together." Fan Chun Yao clapped.


 "But they don’t seem too willing, this isn’t appropriate?" Wang Xiao Er asked softly.


 "Don’t worry, don’t worry, just follow what we do." Chen Yin Dao encouraged Wang Xiao Er.


 Just as the five were about to take action, they heard a cold snort.


 Instantly, the four great obscenities and Wang Xiao Er turned into motionless statues.


 The female captives were extremely shocked.


 Next, Zhao Lian Yun walked out of the dense fog.


 She came here to try and deduce Fang Yuan’s strength through the traces he left behind, but now, her mood was very heavy.


 While she was about to return, she found that a female Gu Master of Spirit Affinity House had gotten into danger, she immediately took action.


 Thus, the Central Continent four great obscenities were taken down easily.


 After expressing her identity, Zhao Lian Yun saved these female Gu Masters.


 The female Gu Masters thanked her profusely, the Spirit Affinity House Gu Master was even filled with admiration and excitement: "Fairy Lian Yun, these four great obscenities have committed many atrocious acts, this is their retribution! These people have sinned greatly, even killing them is too cheap of a punishment."


 Zhao Lian Yun smiled: "Taking their life is really too good for them. How can we uphold justice for those women they harmed? I have a good method, just watch."


 Zhao Lian Yun waved her sleeves as the five guys started to move again.


 Despite being so close in proximity, they could not see Zhao Lian Yun and the rest, they were stuck in some illusion.


 "Beauty, here I come!" Shi Bao pounced at Fan Chun Yao.


 After Fan Chun Yao was pushed to the ground, he continued smiling: "Ah, you are really rough."


 The five men were stuck in a physical brawl, engaging in a chaotic ’battle’.


 The female Gu Masters watched with dumbfounded expressions, they quickly turned red.


 "Oh heaven." A girl covered her eyes but continued to peek through the gap between her fingers.


 "This hurts my eyes!" Someone gasped.


 "This position is possible?" A mature female Gu Master recorded this knowledge in her mind.


 "Alright." Zhao Lian Yun waved her sleeve: "Leave with me, these people will continue with this until the soul beasts eat them or when they die of exhaustion."


 The female Gu Masters were shocked by Zhao Lian Yun’s method, they obediently followed her and left the place.


 But even Zhao Lian Yun could not have anticipated this, after a few minutes, silver threads started to shine around Wang Xiao Er’s body.


 These silver threads radiated the surroundings, causing the five who were locked in intense physical engagement to awaken, they remembered everything that happened.


 There was dead silence!


 "We were so unlucky, a female immortal actually came!!" Fan Chun Yao was internally shocked.


 "This female immortal is too vicious, that was more cruel than just killing us." There were tears in Yu Ba Guang’s eyes as he grabbed his hair and screamed internally.


 "I actually, I actually..." Chen Yin Dao no longer had the disposition of a leader, his eyes were hollow, he muttered as he thought of suicide.


 "Urgh!" Shi Bao started to vomit profusely.


 "What happened guys?" Amidst the silence, Wang Xiao Er spoke with a confused expression: "Why did we stop?"


 The four of them were shocked!


 They turned around to look at the naked Wang Xiao Er, they were frozen like statues.


 Wang Xiao Er scratched his head: "Brothers, why are you looking at me? Oh right, those female Gu Masters were all brought away. I thought they were going to play a game with us?"


 Shi Bao stopped vomiting, the four of them looked at each other with complete silence.


 "Erm..." After some time, Chen Yin Dao spoke with a trembling voice: "Brother Wang Xiao Er, you are really smart. Those women that we invited were... audiences. Didn’t you see their expressions? Think about it, they were all excited, very excited and focused, they were watching in amazement. We were helping these people feel joy and pleasure, isn’t this how us men should act?"


 "As expected of our boss!" The other three obscenities raised their thumbs in approval.


 Wang Xiao Er clapped with his fist and palm as he realized: "So that’s it, brothers, you are all good people."


 Chen Yin Dao laughed loudly: "Of course we are."


 Saying so, he wiped his tears away.


 Next, he said to the other three: "So be it that this happened, don’t tell anyone about it. We are doing a good deed but we will not publicize it, this is how true gentlemen act."


 The other three nodded rapidly.


 Of course!


 If they spoke about this, it would be too humiliating, what would everyone think of them?


 Wang Xiao Er asked again: "Brothers, are we still going to play?"


 The atmosphere froze once again!


 Shi Bao cursed: "Play my ass! Play what?"


 "They, they have all left, nobody is here to see it." Yu Ba Guang added in with a meek voice.


 After getting scolded, Wang Xiao Er felt quite happy as he smiled innocently: "Oh, it is great that we’re stopping. Brother Shi Bao is right, my butt still hurts a lot now."


 The scene fell into silence again!


 Shi Bao slammed his fists on the ground repeatedly.


 Yu Ba Guang lowered his head, biting his lips as blood started to appear.


 Fan Chun Yao slammed his own head with his fists, trying to send himself into a coma.


 Chen Yin Dao stared at Wang Xiao Er with wide eyes, his lips were shaking.


 Wang Xiao Er looked at Chen Yin Dao as he asked in confusion: "Brother Chen, do you have anything to say to me?"


 At the next moment, Wang Xiao Er realized: "Oh, I get it, does your butt hurt too?"


 Cough!


 Chen Yin Dao spat out a mouthful of blood as he fell down on the ground.


 "Boss!"


 "Boss!"


 "Boss!"


 The others who were still naked quickly ran over to him, trying to help Chen Yin Dao.


 Chen Yin Dao was very feeble now, he barely managed to open his eyes as he said weakly, in an almost sobbing voice: "Go away... don’t touch me."


 [1] In certain slangs his name sounds like ’small little brother’.



***
Chapter 2094 Brotherhood


***





 



 Days later.


 Sunlight pierced through the darkness, radiating on the world.


 In a certain valley near the periphery of Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range, Eastern Obscenity Chen Yin Dao, Western Thief Yu Ba Guang, Southern Disturbance Shi Bao and Northern Squandering Fan Chun Yao had already woken up, they were sitting on an icy rock, looking at the sky as they laid spread eagled, their eyes were hollow, there was no life in them.


 Ever since that terrible ordeal in slaughter soul crater, every night, the four great obscenities and Wang Xiao Er would lose control of their bodies, they would engage in the indescribable activity together.


 The four great obscenities would lose their senses each time, by the time they wake up, they would realize that they had done some horrifying act once again.


 Even though Wang Xiao Er got rid of a portion of Zhao Lian Yun's method, some of it still lingered.


 "This is a curse! The most vicious curse in this world!"


 "That fairy from Spirit Affinity House looks so kind and delicate but she is truly too vicious, she is evil to the core!"


 "I don't believe it, I don't believe it, maybe I am just dreaming now. I will wake up from my nightmare one day, right?"


 "I am a great man, how can I do something so shameful, I have let down heaven and earth, I have let down my parents, I have let down myself!"


 The four great obscenities were silent on the outside but they were all crying out in their hearts, feeling sadness and anger, regret and pain.


 Wang Xiao Er walked out of the Gu House at this moment.


 He had just woken up, he rubbed his eyes and looked at them, asking in concern: "Brothers, why are you up so early, you are all naked outside, you might catch a cold."


 The four great obscenities' bodies shook intensely.


 They turned around and looked at Wang Xiao Er, showing a complex emotion on their faces.


 On one hand, they revered Wang Xiao Er, because of Zhao Lian Yun's method, if not for him, they would have died of exhaustion already. They believed in Wang Xiao Er's identity now, only an immortal could dispel another immortal's method!


 But on the other hand, they hated Wang Xiao Er. Ever since they saved him, nothing good had happened. Not only did they return from Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range empty handed, they even received the greatest humiliation of their lives!


 After a long silence, their boss Chen Yin Dao spoke bitterly: "Brother, you woke up."


 "Yes, our exercise last night was too intense, I slept very soundly." Wang Xiao Er smiled innocently: "Recently, I've started to feel pleasure from this, brothers, what you told me earlier makes sense after all."


 The four great obscenities' bodies shook again.


 The four of them looked at each other, sensing the fear and horror in each others' eyes.


 "Don't tell me this immortal was like this to begin with?!"


 "What sort of person did we actually save!"


 "Maybe he has the ability to lift our curse but he purposely chose not to, this is something we should think about."


 "Is he really amnesiac, or is he pretending? If I like men too, as an immortal, I might want to play around in the mortal world as well…"


 The four felt more terror as they thought about it.


 They wanted to get away from Wang Xiao Er but they could not do that anymore.


 Each time the curse activated, they needed Wang Xiao Er to dispel it. If they left, they might die the following night.


 Thus, the four of them had to keep Wang Xiao Er happy, so that he would get rid of this fatal danger for them.


 "Seriously, what is this situation!" Chen Yin Dao wanted to cry but he had to smile forcefully: "Xiao Er, this is nothing much, we enjoy blessings and endure misfortune together, we are brothers after all!"


 After finishing his words, Chen Yin Dao stared at the other three.


 They had to resist the disgusting feeling as they spoke in agreement as well.


 "Indeed, this is our brotherhood!"


 "Otherwise, why would there be a saying about brotherly relationships?"


 "We were destined to meet, as your elder brothers, we need to take care of you."


 Wang Xiao Er smiled and nodded: "It was really my fortune to have met you brothers."


 "No, this is the greatest misfortune of my life!" The four of them screamed internally.


 Wang Xiao Er added: "Let's continue to play tonight!"


 "Don't remind me, you scumbag!!" The four of them cried out in anguish in their minds.


 While Wang Xiao Er was away, the four of them gathered during the day.


 "We cannot let this go on!"


 "We cannot live life like this."


 "Guys, do you think Wang Xiao Er really lost his memories or is he pretending?"


 "We need to test it. Go capture a few mortal women tonight, no matter what, we need to let Wang Xiao Er know we are normal people. If he really lost his memories, we will turn him back to normal, if he is pretending, we will make sure he cannot put up with the act anymore!"


 The four great obscenities shouted in unison, they were going crazy these last days.


 This method was risky, but even if they angered the immortal Wang Xiao Er, death was still a good reward at this point!


 At night time, the four great obscenities captured over a dozen mortal women.


 The women were all brought into the Gu House.


 Wang Xiao Er was a little excited: "Brothers, you have worked hard to invite such a large audience tonight."


 "Brother, let us teach you something tonight." Chen Yin Dao patted Wang Xiao Er's shoulder as he said solemnly.


 "Alright, I will do my best to learn it, I will listen with my heart!" Wang Xiao Er clenched his fists, showing an excited expression.


 But reality was still cruel to them.


 When their activity reached the climax stage, the four great obscenities were shocked to find out — they could not do it!


 "Quick, turn hard now."


 "Oh, why, why did this happen?"


 "I actually, I actually don't feel anything towards women. Waaaaaaaaa…"


 "Why do I feel more excited and pleasured when I look at men now?"


 The four men wanted to struggle but the curse activated at the next moment.


 The female captives were shocked to see the battle of five men, it was a climactic fight, some of them were very excited while the others felt disappointment.


 Some even wanted to join in but were sent flying with one slap.


 This incident was a huge blow to the four great obscenities.


 "Let's suicide, this is not a life that we can lead."


 "Living is worse than death, I'd rather die now."


 "Can anyone kill me, please come out now!"


 The four of them were sick of life, they were listless and dejected all the time.


 Seemingly granting their wishes, not long after, righteous path Gu Masters came to pursue them.


 "We finally found you! You dared to target our Spirit Affinity House's disciple, did you really think we would let you off?" Qin Juan said with anger, attacking the four great obscenities.


 The four great obscenities were in despair and felt life was not worth living, after leaving Sorrowful Wind Mountain Range, they did not bother to conceal their traces, they were no longer as vigilant as usual.


 After hearing that they were alive, Zhao Lian Yun felt a little interested, she passed down a sect mission to kill these people and investigate the truth.


 Qin Juan was close to Feng Jin Huang, but she did not know that this mission which carried a huge reward was listed by Zhao Lian Yun. The Spirit Affinity House Gu Master who got captured in slaughter soul crater earlier was close to her, thus, she took on this mission.


 The four great obscenities screamed about not wanting to live every day, but at the moment of crisis, they erupted with an intense will to survive.


 For half a month, they fought nearly ten times.


 Qin Juan had rank five cultivation level, she suppressed the five of them.


 Even though the four great obscenities were famous demonic path Gu Masters in Central Continent, they were just demonic cultivators that the ten great ancient sects allowed to live. These demonic cultivators were useful in training their sect disciples, thus, they made use of these people to act as a trial for their members.


 The ten great ancient sects did not mind minor characters like the four great obscenities, thus they were allowed to cause chaos in Central Continent and hide successfully from arrests.


 But the situation was different now, the Gu Immortal Zhao Lian Yun had sent a mission, the force pursuing them was different from usual.


 The four great obscenities escaped with Wang Xiao Er as they tried to come up with a plan.


 "We can't live in Central Continent anymore!"


 "What do we do?"


 "We can only go elsewhere, boss, you can decide for us."


 Chen Yin Dao pondered: "Northern Plains is dangerous and lacks resources, we can't go there. Even though Eastern Sea is rich, the righteous path is fighting against those variant humans, it is too dangerous. Western Desert is full of deserts, and the environment is bad. Let's go to Southern Border instead."


 "Alright, we will go to Southern Border!"


 Southern Border.


 Underground.


 "According to Lu Wei Yin, it should be here. Mm, found it." Fang Yuan went deep underground, suddenly, his eyes shined as he found his target.


 He saw that at the walls of this small Earth Trench, there was a field of pink grassland.


 Each 'grass' was pink, moving without any wind.


 Looking at the 'grass', each was thin and long, resembling fur.


 "This is the earth dream fetus hair, Meng Qiu Zhen, come out." Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture door as the pure dream clone came out.


 Meng Qiu Zhen took a glance and praised it as he took action, using dream path methods to carefully store the earth dream fetus hair away.


 After Fang Yuan obtained Southern Border's Paradise Earth true inheritance, he gained many earth path Immortal Gu, he also had methods to search for immortal materials underground and the ability to control Flying Earth.


 The Mushroomman Paradise had existed in Southern Border for a long time, after tens of generations of accumulation, they found a lot of treasures deep under Southern Border.


 Among the treasures, Fang Yuan found some locations with dream path immortal materials.


 The earth dream fetus hair was just one of them.


 Dream path Gu materials and Gu worms had appeared in the world long ago, for example, Fang Yuan's Dream Token and the spring dream fruit tree that Bo Qing and Mo Yao found.


 This was like how water path Gu worms and materials existed during Ren Zu's era, but water path was only created by Central Continent's Shui Ni, the founder of Spirit Affinity House, during the Medieval Antiquity Era.


 Dream path was similar.


 Even though dream path had not been formally created, the dream path Gu worms and materials that existed in history had already appeared.


 But dream path was different from water path, it would have an explosive growth in the future.


 By then, the five regions and two heavens would be full of dream realms.


 Because dream path Gu materials would be too easily obtainable, and because a vast number of Gu cultivators could use them, dream path would quickly progress as a path.


 Countless dream path Gu Masters would cultivate more dream path Gu materials to refine more dream path Gu worms, pushing the progress of dream path to an unprecedented level!


 If Great Dream Immortal Venerable truly appears, then dream path would reach its peak popularity in history.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was not surprised that some dream path immortal materials were hidden away.


 Meng Qiu Zhen successfully took the earth dream fetus hair, he went back inside Fang Yuan's sovereign immortal aperture.


 Next, Fang Yuan went to another location, there were many nine tune dream flowers there.


 Meng Qiu Zhen had a lot of things to do.


 On one hand, he had to organize dream path killer moves, on the other hand, he had to plant resources and develop his immortal aperture.


 According to Fang Yuan's plan, after these dream path immortal materials were successfully retrieved, Meng Qiu Zhen would have a complete set of dream path methods.


 At that time, he would take the place of Fang Yuan's main body and invest himself into exploring dream realms.


 To play safe, Meng Qiu Zhen would first use up Spectral Soul's dream realms before moving onto Paradise Earth's dream realms, just in case there was a trap.


 Even though this was highly unlikely, Fang Yuan was still a vigilant person.



***
Chapter 2095 Sheng Tian True Inheritance


***





 



 Meng Qiu Zhen was controlled by a Gu worm, his eyes were shut, he was brought into a secret location by someone.


 "Alright, number three, you can open your eyes now." A shrill voice could be heard beside him.


 The Gu worm suppressing Meng Qiu Zhen had been kept away, Meng Qiu Zhen opened his eyes and found that he was in a dark cave.


 Meng Qiu Zhen was kneeling on the ground, in front of him was an old man.


 The old man had a sharp voice, his face was covered in paint, he gave off a peculiar and cold feeling.


 "This is the leader of Painted Faces — Sly Heart Old Man." Meng Qiu Zhen thought: "To think that I would meet this legendary person from a hundred thousand years ago."


 Indeed, Meng Qiu Zhen was exploring a dream realm now.


 This dream realm naturally originated from Spectral Soul.


 This Sly Heart Old Man in his dream was a wisdom path and transformation path cultivator, he was a legendary person who existed between the eras of Spectral Soul and Paradise Earth a hundred thousand years ago. He was also the creator of a demonic path organization, it was called Painted Faces.


 This organization was like Zombie Alliance and Shadow Sect, it was a huge organization that spanned across all five regions, something rarely seen in history.


 All of the members in the organization had painted faces of various colors to differentiate their varying statuses.


 Painted Faces was an assassination organization, killing Gu Masters was just an ordinary thing, when they were at their peak, they even had Gu Immortal experts, as long as the price was paid, they could kill Gu Immortals for their customers!


 Meng Qiu Zhen had already entered this dream realm for a long time, he went from the initial one hundred and eighth position to third position.


 "According to my instincts, if I can become the number one position in the organization, I will pass this dream realm." Meng Qiu Zhen was very certain, his dream path master instincts told him the answer already.


 Sly Heart Old Man took out three Gu worms: "Number three, you want to become number two, but it will not be easy. There are three Gu worms here, choose one. Each one contains the details of a mission."


 Meng Qiu Zhen secretly activated dream butterfly Immortal Gu.


 Almost all the other paths' Gu worms could not be used freely in dream realms, but dream path Gu worms were not restricted.


 After dream butterfly Immortal Gu was instilled with immortal essence, it vanished from within Meng Qiu Zhen's immortal aperture.


 Meng Qiu Zhen first placed his gaze on the Gu worm to the left.


 At the next moment, he saw that after he chose the Gu worm, he went into a seizure, saliva appeared from his mouth, he died on the spot.


 Sly Heart Old Man looked at his corpse as he said coldly: "What a pity, number three, even though you are skilled in transformation path, your wisdom path attainment is too low, it was your bad luck to have chosen this."


 Meng Qiu Zhen retracted his gaze as the scene vanished, he looked at the middle Gu worm.


 At the next moment, he saw another scene.


 After he took the second Gu worm, Sly Heart Old Man suddenly attacked.


 With a loud sound, his palm slammed onto Meng Qiu Zhen's chest.


 Meng Qiu Zhen was caught unguarded, his ribs broke, his heart burst, his eyes stared widely as he died on the spot.


 Sly Heart Old Man sneered: "So you are the spy after all, you went after this Gu worm, not knowing the trap that I set, I had already gave out some false information to trick those spies of the righteous path!"


 Meng Qiu Zhen retracted his gaze.


 Evidently, the first two Gu worms could not be chosen, but the third one might not be correct either.


 Meng Qiu Zhen wanted to continue checking but Sly Heart Old Man rushed him: "Quickly choose, what are you waiting for?"


 Meng Qiu Zhen knew that this Painted Face organization was dark and cruel, they had no regard for human lives, if he waited anymore, Sly Heart Old Man would activate the Gu worm in his body and he would be punished, he might suffer heavy injuries or even die on the spot.


 Thus, Meng Qiu Zhen did not use dream butterfly Immortal Gu again, he quickly spoke and chose the third Gu worm.


 For just a moment, a complex expression flashed on Sly Heart Old Man's face.


 After being silent for some time, Sly Heart Old Man nodded: "You chose the most appropriate Gu for you, it seems your luck is not bad. Maybe you can gain some benefits there, you might even be able to return alive."


 Saying so, Sly Heart Old Man took a few steps and exposed the door behind him: "After opening this door, you will enter a tunnel, you need to walk quickly, do not stop, otherwise the tunnel will digest you. After passing it, you will reach a place, over there, do your best to survive. If you can find a way back and meet me once again, you will gain our organization's number one position."


 "Yes, lord." Meng Qiu Zhen immediately got up, pushing open the door and entering the tunnel.


 This tunnel was quite unique, it was round in shape but the inner walls were made of flesh and blood, there was slight vibrations in them as gastric acid flowed out constantly.


 Meng Qiu Zhen activated the defensive method of this person but still felt deep pressure. Like what Sly Heart Old Man said, if he stayed for too long, he might really get 'digested'.


 He quickly got past the creepy and wet flesh tunnel as he arrived in a huge world.


 Within the primitive forest, fierce beasts roared as strange birds growled.


 Far away, two beastman groups were fighting.


 Meng Qiu Zhen turned around and looked back, the tunnel had already vanished, he only saw an ordinary mountain wall.


 Meng Qiu Zhen was shook internally, to ensure that he could efficiently explore dream realms, the main body had given him many details of history: "That tunnel really is the intestine of the gluttonous demon frog, this is the place where Reckless Savage Demon Venerable left behind his true inheritance — Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven!"


 Days later, the dream realm dissipated.


 Meng Qiu Zhen had a tired expression as he started to inspect his gains.


 "Transformation path and wisdom path attainment levels went up. Not bad." Meng Qiu Zhen was rather satisfied.


 Forget about transformation path, but his wisdom path attainment level really needed a boost.


 Especially when Fang Yuan knew his own luck, and the fact that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had very likely already revived.


 The true Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven was naturally vast and boundless, but Meng Qiu Zhen was only in a dream realm.


 Meng Qiu Zhen had dream armor Immortal Gu's protection, and also dream creation Immortal Gu and dream butterfly Immortal Gu as methods. Especially dream butterfly Immortal Gu, even though it was an investigative Gu worm, its use in exploring dream realms surpassed Dream Armor and Dream Creation.


 Dream path master attainment level gave him instincts.


 When instincts worked, Meng Qiu Zhen would use them to find the correct answers rapidly.


 When instincts did not work, then Meng Qiu Zhen would use dream butterfly Immortal Gu to foresee the future possibilities of the dream realm and avoid danger, he would quickly find the most appropriate methods.


 Like how Meng Qiu Zhen used dream butterfly Immortal Gu in front of Sly Heart Old Man earlier to find out the correct choice, in the past, Fang Yuan would have to test it one by one. If he chose wrongly, his soul would be injured, he would waste time healing himself and restart the dream realm all over again.


 Even though Meng Qiu Zhen only had rank six cultivation level, his efficiency at exploring dream realms was many times that of Fang Yuan's main body!


 Southern Border.


 Central Continent's four great obscenities and Wang Xiao Er were forced into desperation by Qin Juan.


 There was a sinkhole behind them.


 "Don't come here, otherwise, we will jump off!" Wang Xiao Er shouted in anxiety.


 Qin Juan smiled coldly as she walked closer: "Then jump, you will die if you do that. Behind you is Southern Border's Sun Moon Sinkhole, the pit is unfathomably deep, not just Gu Masters, even Gu Immortals cannot explore it easily. If you jump, you will surely die!"


 The four great obscenities were currently injured, they gritted their teeth.


 "Qin Juan, we'll remember you, you lunatic!"


 "We already escaped to Southern Border but you actually pursued us all the way here, what are you after?"


 "Even though we captured Spirit Affinity House's female Gu Master, no matter what relationship she has with you, we did not touch her at all."


 "Qin Juan, you received a sect mission to kill us. But if we die like this, you won't be able to report your mission easily too, right?" Chen Yin Dao suddenly said with a deep gaze.


 Qin Juan's movement froze for a moment.


 But in just a moment, she realized that the enemy was trying to probe her.


 And she fell for it, some information was leaked from this action.


 Qin Juan concealed the shame in her heart as she placed her arms behind her back, looking at these defeated individuals, she said arrogantly on purpose: "I can't report it? Killing you is the best evidence I need! But it is not that I cannot let you live, hand over all your Gu worms and surrender, if I bring you back to Central Continent, you will still have a chance to live."


 Chen Yin Dao sneered: "We know about the crimes we've committed. After Miss Qin Juan said that, it confirmed my guesses."


 Qin Juan also sneered: "So what if you guessed it? Can you turn this around? Do you still have a chance?"


 A strange expression appeared on Chen Yin Dao's face: "Actually, we still have hope. Brother Wang Xiao Er, we'll depend on you now!"


 Saying so, he pushed Wang Xiao Er, who was hiding at the back, to the front.


 Wang Xiao Er was shocked: "Brothers, I am not a Gu Master."


 Qin Juan also felt confused, she had fought with the four great obscenities for this long, she knew that Wang Xiao Er was a mortal.


 "Hmph, trying to bluster and act mysterious!" Qin Juan was about to attack.


 But at the next moment, there was a loud explosion.


 A huge air current surged as wind blew strongly.


 Wang Xiao Er, Qin Juan and the others who were near the sinkhole were caught off guard, they were sent into the air by the currents before crashing down heavily.


 "What happened?!" Everyone was shocked.


 Next, the figure of a Southern Border Gu Master moved along this current as he flew into the sky.


 "Kong Ri Tian, don't think of leaving!!"


 The Gu Master who landed on the ground first was the demonic path Kong Ri Tian, he escaped without even turning around as he shouted: "Wu Ji, you are the leader of Wu clan, yet you are not keeping your promise!"


 Wu Ji chased after him as she shouted: "What's the use of keeping my word to a demonic path scoundrel like you, leave behind the Gu worms of Sheng Tian true inheritance!"


 Next, Shang Xin Ci, Xiao Yan, Counterfeit Master, Tie Ruo Nan, Yi Chong, and others also descended from the sky.


 "Chase him, don't let him escape!"


 "That is a Gu Immortal true inheritance!!"


 As the group chased, a dust cloud was created along the way.


 Qin Juan, Wang Xiao Er, and the rest were all stunned.


 Seeing that he was about to be caught, Kong Ri Tian shouted at Qin Juan and the rest: "The people in front, whoever can help me escape will share this Gu Immortal true inheritance with me!!"


 Qin Juan and the rest heard this, their eyes shined brightly.


 "You cannot escape, everything belongs to my Wu clan!!" Wu Ji was enraged, she jumped into the air.


 Both her fists were clenched, she raised them above her head as she activated a mortal killer move.


 Boom!


 As she landed on the ground, she slammed down, the ground shook, rocks were sent flying.


 A huge vibration force spread to the surroundings rapidly, no one could avoid it in time, they quickly put up their defenses in a panic.


 Qin Juan and the rest were also implicated, their expressions changed.


 Wu Ji was the number one expert of the current Southern Border Gu Master world!



***
Chapter 2096 Wu Ji Chooses Her True inheritance


***





 



 Southern Border, Wu clan headquarters.


 "Quick, quick, bring me the white king head flower herb." Wu clan's rank six Gu Immortal Wu Zhen Zhu called out with an anxious tone.


 She was controlling the formation, her thoughts were focused on it at the crucial moment, she could not distract herself.


 Thankfully, there were a few rank five Gu Masters assisting her, hearing these words, they quickly got to work.


 White king head flower herb was a rank six immortal material, it was tossed into the immortal formation.


 This immortal formation of Wu clan was famous in history, it was called dead sea life retrieval formation. It originally belonged to an Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal, but after this Gu Immortal came to Southern Border and provoked Wu clan, they got killed instead.


 Dead sea life retrieval formation was a healing immortal formation but the core Immortal Gu was only rank seven. That Eastern Sea rank eight Gu Immortal was indeed a rank eight Gu Immortal but before dying, all of their Immortal Gu were destroyed.


 Wu clan spent a hundred years to finally refine the relevant Immortal Gu, managing to set up this dead sea life retrieval formation again.


 Wu Ji and the rest had died on Yi Tian Mountain, the reason why they were able to revive was mostly because of fate Gu's destruction, and also due to the effect of this dead sea life retrieval formation.


 As the formation slowly stopped, light faded as Wu Ji woke up in the formation with a pale expression.


 "It seems that I revived again!" Wu Ji smiled lightly, she wanted to get up but her body was too weak, she only succeeded after three tries.


 "You should relax a little, Wu Ji. This is the fifth time this month." Wu Zhen Zhu came to Wu Ji as she frowned deeply.


 Wu Ji smiled indifferently: "Don't we have this formation? Even if I die, I can revive."


 Wu Zhen Zhu scoffed: "Don't think so highly of Gu Immortal methods. Wu Ji, do you know that you almost died earlier, you managed to revive because of the dead sea life retrieval formation. But this method has less and less effect as a person uses it continuously, you are playing with your life! You have a good future, why don't you care a bit more about yourself, at this rate, you will die for real!"


 Wu Ji raised her brows as her eyes shined brightly: "I'm someone who has died before, what is there to fear about death? Precisely because I had died before, I treasure life even more now."


 Wu Zhen Zhu rolled her eyes in anger: "This is considered treasuring your life? Since you already obtained Sheng Tian true inheritance from Kong Sheng Tian, you can give it to the clan already, why did you still go after him relentlessly? Why did you not retreat even against the attacks of everyone?"


 Wu Ji laughed loudly: "This is how I treasure my life. After dying once, I reassessed my own life, how should people live? Everyone has their own answer. This is my answer, the duration of life does not matter as much as the value of the life that is being lived."


 "Even though I am not a Gu Immortal, I know about your circumstances. Lady Zhen Zhu, why do you think Gu Masters want to become an immortal so badly? After becoming an immortal, there will be countless calamities and tribulations, wouldn't they be courting death? How many Gu Immortals have died from tribulations? Don't they know the danger? Aren't they continuing to face danger head on because they want to obtain the true meaning of life?"


 "In this great era, if I do not advance bravely, I will be letting down heaven for giving me this life, I will be wasting my second chance. I, Wu Ji, want to become immortal, I want to see things at a greater height, I want to gain more strength. This is the meaning of my life."


 After hearing Wu Ji's words, a complex expression appeared on Wu Zhen Zhu's face.


 She actually had high expectations of this junior Wu Ji, therefore she came to talk to her. But after talking, she found that she failed to convince Wu Ji, instead, she became the one who was convinced.


 "Since you have decided this, I have nothing else to say." Wu Zhen Zhu sighed.


 Wu Ji had a sincere expression as she bowed: "Lady Zhen Zhu, junior will remember the concern that you have shown to me."


 Saying so, another Gu Immortal appeared: "Hahaha, Wu Ji, I heard your words earlier. As expected of the number one Gu Immortal seed of Wu clan, you did not shame our reputation."


 "Wu Zhan Ping, you came here for…" Wu Zhen Zhu asked but she had a guess in her heart, she was quite happy for Wu Ji.


 Wu Zhan Ping nodded at Wu Zhen Zhu as he looked at Wu Ji: "I am Wu clan's supreme elder in charge of guidance, Wu Ji, you have sufficient cultivation level and merit, I am tasked to guide you along the road of becoming an immortal!"


 Wu Ji took in a deep breath, she clenched her fists unconsciously. This moment had finally arrived, she had been looking forward to it for a long time.


 Wu Zhan Ping said solemnly: "Wu Ji, you are a senior of the mortal Wu clan, after being the clan leader for many years, you know of many Gu Immortal secrets. Our Wu clan cultivates many paths, we are most proficient in wind path, it is the reason why we are at the top of Southern Border's Gu Immortal world, our status is immovable."


 "You can choose other paths too, we have almost all paths in our inventory, but I have a suggestion for you!"


 Wu Zhan Ping had heard Wu Ji's words earlier, he liked this junior and was willing to say more things.


 Wu Ji quickly replied: "Please teach me senior, I will listen."


 Wu Zhan Ping continued: "Rather than choosing a path, it is more like you are choosing a true inheritance. Our Wu clan has the strongest wind path true inheritance, our first supreme elder Lord Wu Yong also cultivates wind path, he uses the strongest wind path true inheritance in Wu clan as well. However, there are many wind path cultivators, competition is very steep, I would not recommend you to choose it."


 "Right now, Wu clan has two true inheritances that even us Gu Immortals feel desire towards, it is only that our paths have been set, changing it has too high of a cost. During normal times, we might have the opportunity to do that, but with the turbulent era now, chaos is everywhere, it is the best opportunity for you juniors."


 Wu Zhen Zhu heard this, she agreed and said with happiness: "This means that first supreme elder is really taking out these three true inheritances to nurture our Wu clan's descendants?"


 "Indeed, Lord Wu Yong has incredible foresight and magnanimity, everyone in Wu clan holds him in high regard." Wu Zhan Ping praised from the bottom of his heart, he told Wu Ji: "There are three true inheritances of high value that even us Gu Immortals want, I will list them for you, choose wisely."


 "The first true inheritance is called Corpse Emperor true inheritance. He was a Southern Border rank eight Gu Immortal who turned himself into a zombie when his lifespan was near its end, hence the title. Corpse Emperor was in the demonic path, he was ruthless and vicious, causing super forces to join up and attack him. He died during the battle and his immortal zombie body turned into a corpse mountain upon his death. This mountain is hundreds of meters tall, zombies roam all over the mountain, it produces transformation path zombie Gu and qi path corpse qi Gu."


 "Back then, Southern Border's Zombie Alliance wanted ownership of this mountain and offered a high price to buy it from us to use as their headquarters, but we rejected them. Right now, it seems like our decision was right. Zombie Alliance was a front of Shadow Sect, but that's not our issue now. The point is that with the shift of the era, a true inheritance appeared on Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, which is this Corpse Emperor true inheritance."


 "This is a rank eight enslavement path true inheritance, Wu Ji, if you choose it, Wu clan will definitely nurture you well. An enslavement path Gu Immortal can fight a group on their own, the problem with enslavement path is the huge amount of resources needed, but Wu clan can help you with it. The only downside is that this true inheritance lacks Immortal Gu."


 Wu Ji considered it for a while before shaking her head: "Enslavement path is not my style, Immortal Gu are also hard to refine, I am not skilled in Gu refinement. It is too hard to cultivate this true inheritance well, even with the clan's help, I will not choose it."


 "Alright, then onto the next one." Wu Zhan Ping continued to speak: "This true inheritance is a soul path true inheritance, it has a greater origin, it concerns Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!"


 "This true inheritance is called seven-seven profound soul true inheritance, the most amazing method is to raise soul beasts and nurture them into seven-seven profound soul birds. Once a seven-seven profound soul bird is created, it is almost impossible to kill. Even if they were gravely injured, as long as one of them is still alive, they will reappeared in a short time. Even though this true inheritance also lacks Immortal Gu, it is able to bypass that and nurture soul beasts instead, the cultivation journey will be easier."


 Wu Ji shook her head: "Even though soul beasts are strong, I dislike it. I cultivate my own body, raising soul beasts is like becoming a nanny, it does not suit me."


 Wu Zhan Ping frowned slightly: "Choosing a true inheritance is not child's play, Wu Ji, consider it well before making a decision."


 "Indeed." Wu Zhen Zhu also nodded: "Be it Corpse Emperor true inheritance or the seven-seven profound soul true inheritance, they are extremely rare, Wu Ji, you need to treasure this opportunity."


 Wu Ji was unmoved: "Immortals, thank you for the advice, may I know what the third true inheritance is?"


 Wu Zhan Ping: "The third true inheritance is the Sheng Tian true inheritance you retrieved. The person who left this true inheritance behind is famous in Gu Master history, he is called Kong Sheng Tian."


 "Kong Sheng Tian had qi escape Immortal Gu, this Gu is incredible, it was once fourth place on the List of Mystical Gu. But in recently years, because of the number one demon in the world, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, Spring Autumn Cicada received public recognition and got elevated to the third mystical Gu, causing qi escape Gu to fall in ranking."


 Speaking of Gu Yue Fang Yuan, Wu Zhan Ping and Wu Zhen Zhu showed complex expressions.


 Wu Ji could acutely sense that these two Gu Immortals' breathing became slightly disoriented.


 Fang Yuan had once disguised as Wu Yi Hai and made his way into Wu clan, even someone as intelligent and perceptive as Wu Yong fell prey to his acting. But Wu clan was no longer qualified to take revenge on him, over the course of the fate war and the pursuit over Fang Yuan afterwards, even the variant human battle that happened in Eastern Sea recently cemented Fang Yuan's throne of the number one demon in the world, nobody could topple his status.


 Not wanting to continue talking about Fang Yuan, Wu Zhan Ping got back to the topic: "Kong Sheng Tian was a qi path Gu Immortal, he was most skilled at movement methods. The qi path movement killer move that he created back then was named Kong Sheng Tian, it is incredibly powerful. If you obtain this true inheritance, you will move unhindered in the world, you will always have the initiative."


 "This true inheritance was retrieved by you after all, it could be said you are fated for it. But the Immortal Gu in the true inheritance are likely in the hands of that Kong Ri Tian now."



***
Chapter 2097 Number One Person In Dream Path


***





 



 Wu Ji's expression sank: "If that Kong Ri Tian did not have Kong Sheng Tian's bloodline, I would not have lost that contest!"


 Wu Zhan Ping shook his head: "You did not lose. That Kong Ri Tian has Immortal Gu but he is just a mortal, even though he escaped luckily, so what? He cannot run for long, many righteous path Gu Immortals are already targeting him. If my Wu clan's Gu Immortals succeed, this true inheritance's value will rise greatly, it will suit you more."


 But Wu Ji still shook her head: "These three true inheritances are enslavement path, soul path, and qi path, they are all wonderful. It is a pity they do not suit me, I should continue cultivating my strength path."


 "Hmm?" Wu Zhan Ping frowned.


 Wu Zhen Zhu urged her: "Wu Ji, I know you have a strength path true inheritance, but that true inheritance has a low quality, its original owner was only a rank six Gu Immortal, it cannot compare to these three true inheritances at all."


 Seeing that Wu Ji was unmoved, Wu Zhen Zhu continued to speak: "And most importantly, strength path is declining, it cannot compare to enslavement path or soul path. Even though qi path was declining, with the merging of the five regions, qi tides appeared and qi path started to experience a rise again. Choosing qi path is definitely wiser than staying with strength path."


 But Wu Ji shook her head: "I'll choose strength path! Even though other true inheritances will allow me to have an easier time, if there is a strength path true inheritance, I'll still choose it. I will walk on strength path in my life, if I cannot use someone else's foundation, I will create my own."


 Wu Zhan Ping was unhappy: "Wu Ji, you are not a Gu Immortal yet, you do not know the difficulties that we face. The benefits of these three true inheritances are simply indescribable, but you cannot feel them yet. Listen to me and choose one of the three, in the future when you cultivate on this long journey, you will be glad about the decision you made today."


 Wu Ji's expression had never been so solemn, she bowed deeply at the two immortals: "Great immortals, I, Wu Ji, will never forget the care and concern that you have shown me. But if I do not choose strength path, I will regret it at the next moment. I have already decided on this, I will not change it further. Even if I fail in the future, I am willing to bear the consequences!"


 "You!"


 "Sigh…"


 Wu Zhen Zhu and Wu Zhan Ping shook their heads, they felt pity for Wu Ji who had given up such a great opportunity.


 Meng Zhen immortal aperture.


 The sky here was filled with a pink aurora that constantly moved and changed.


 At the center of the immortal aperture, there was a field of 'pink grassland', it was the earth dream fetus hair that Fang Yuan had spent a lot of effort to dig from Southern Border's underground.


 There was also a small sea of flowers situated at the north-most part of the immortal aperture.


 The flowers were all nine tune dream flowers, this type of flower only had one petal each, but it spiraled upwards from the roots and showed a spiral form with nine layers, it was quite peculiar.


 At the southeast of the immortal aperture, Meng Qiu Zhen specially created a lake.


 The lake had little water, it was hundreds of feet lower than the water level of the nearby shore. The entire lake was like a bowl that had a bit of water left inside it at the bottom.


 This lake water was called dream river water, in the lake, there was a type of monstrous fish that looked like a tongue, it was bright red and moved agilely, it was called tongue tip small dream fish.


 Finally, at the north-most part of the immortal aperture was a field of desolate bones.


 Hundreds of huge bones were buried on the ground, a portion of them was still exposed externally.


 These bones were also dream path Gu materials, they were obtained from the corpses of a few dream path ancient desolate beasts. Meng Qiu Zhen placed them here and set up the Gu formation, creating this bone dream sand farm.


 The sand farm was nourished using the bone marrow, gradually turning the soil into dream sand.


 Earth dream fetus hair, nine tune dream flower, dream river water, tongue tip small dream fish, and dream sand, these were all the dream path Gu materials that Fang Yuan obtained during this period of time.


 Currently speaking, dream path Gu materials were still very rare.


 Fang Yuan had almost ransacked the entire underground area of Southern Border but he only collected this much.


 "But inside Meng Zhen immortal aperture, these Gu materials will be nurtured well, soon, a stream of immortal materials will be produced."


 Meng Qiu Zhen was quite confident about this.


 Even though there were dream path dao marks at these dream path Gu materials' original locations, the surrounding dao marks were still mostly earth path, they were suppressed and could not develop well, they were simply living between the cracks.


 But now, they were moved into Meng Zhen immortal aperture, they were like flood dragons released into the ocean, or tigers entering a mountain, they could grow freely without restraint.


 In this relaxed environment that was predominantly made of dream path dao marks, these dream path Gu materials would have great growth.


 In addition, Fang Yuan had memories of the future, he had outstanding methods to nurture them, Meng Zhen immortal aperture's time difference with the outside world was also quite good.


 "This way, my dream path development has finally gotten on track, as long as I work hard, I will have ample gains in the future." Fang Yuan assessed himself.


 His investment into dream path would stop here.


 In terms of dream path mortal Gu recipes and experience in exploring dream realms, Fang Yuan had five hundred years of memories, he still had the upper hand.


 In terms of dream path Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had four of them, he was definitely the top person in the current world.


 In terms of attainment level, Fang Yuan was a dream path master, there might be others who were at this level as well, but he was without doubt still among the fastest group of people.


 Furthermore, in terms of dream path Immortal Gu recipes and immortal materials, Fang Yuan was certainly the person with the number one results! He had two dream path Immortal Gu recipes that were undoubtedly accurate and exceptional. In terms of immortal materials, Fang Yuan also had an absolute advantage, Feng Jin Huang was just a mortal, even if Lady Poison Scorpion was a Gu Immortal, she was not an immortal ascended from the Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique, she could not compare to Fang Yuan.


 Comprehensively, Fang Yuan was definitely the number one person in the world in terms of dream path!


 Such results already exceeded Fang Yuan's expectations. In his plan, he only had to maintain a certain lead in dream path.


 And now was still not the time for the true rise of dream path.


 Taking Meng Zhen immortal aperture for example, it was definitely the number one dream path Gu material production ground in the world, but it could only produce rank six dream path immortal materials, the quantity was also pitifully small.


 Without sufficient dream path immortal materials, Fang Yuan could not raise the ranks of his dream path Immortal Gu.


 The truth was, even though he had rank eight Immortal Gu like Dream Token and could use killer moves like dreamy light smoke, he could not gain an advantage against Duke Long or Spectral Soul in combat.


 In battles of the highest level, dream path was only a special method that could intimidate and make the foes wary.


 Fang Yuan wanted to explore Crazed Demon Cave, he would need to face the likely revived Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who was inside the Door of Life and Death.


 Facing such existences, his dream path methods that were still at the early stages of development were unreliable as his main methods.


 "The truth is, by combining the perfect Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique and Spectral Soul's split soul method, I can create dream path Gu Immortals in bulk. But the extra dream path immortal apertures are useless, the greatest gain will still be natural inspiration, I will obtain new dream path Immortal Gu recipes. Even if I try to use the ascension tribulation to refine Immortal Gu, it will not be easy."


 Tribulations were controlled by heaven's will, they could be strong or weak. When strong, there would be more heaven and earth qi, after succeeding the tribulation, there would be a lot of heaven and earth qi left behind to use for refining Immortal Gu.


 But if heaven's will reduced the strength of the tribulation, there would not be extra heaven and earth qi, he could not refine dream path Immortal Gu in that case.


 If heaven's will did that, Fang Yuan's gains would be very small. Firstly, the cost of creating Pure Dream Reality Seeker Physique bodies was high, he had to use a large number of dream realms!


 If heaven's will tried something new and altered the tribulation contents, Fang Yuan would be in danger as well. After all, Fang Yuan's dream path foundation was already exposed to heaven's will last time.


 Thus, recuperating for some time and using Meng Zhen immortal aperture to hide from heaven's will and develop rapidly, while refining new dream path Immortal Gu before undergoing tribulation was the best method now.


 Continuing to invest in dream path would not have much relative returns. If Fang Yuan continued his investment, he would face heaven's will's suppression and also the pressure of being a frontrunner, it would be difficult and troublesome. He might as well wait until dream path flourished and dream realms were everywhere, after the trend grew to that extent, he could use the opportunity to develop, saving time and energy.


 Thus, Fang Yuan did not want to keep the dream realms that he had.


 In the hands of others, these dream realms would give them an opportunity to stay ahead of the era. Be it Western Desert's Tang clan, Central Continent's Feng Jin Huang, or Northern Plains' Lady Poison Scorpion, they would be the same.


 But for Fang Yuan, the true value of these dream realms was that they could raise his attainment levels and allow him to annex more grotto-heavens.


 Meng Qiu Zhen was truly the dream path clone that Fang Yuan took effort to create, his dream realm exploration efficiency was many times higher than the main body.


 As Fang Yuan's attainment levels rose, he made great gains.


 At the same time, he also continued to annex the grotto-heavens in the two heavens.


 Each grotto-heaven had at least a million dao marks, a thousand heaven path dao marks, as well as a vast amount of cultivation resources.


 These grotto-heavens had long histories behind them, Fang Yuan annexed everything, it was the same as instantly taking the accumulations of others for countless years.


 Fang Yuan's strength grew time and again, each time, his improvement was huge, this speed was simply unheard of.


 The specialty of the sovereign immortal body and the power of unrestrained heavenly mark, they surpassed the logic of the cultivation world. Either one would allow a person to rise to the top, leaving their name in history.


 The most terrifying thing was when they were used together, the effect would be even greater! The actual result created would far surpass a simple addition of the two.


 But be it a rise in foundation or strength, Fang Yuan still remained as a pseudo venerable.


 He might be the number one pseudo venerable in history, but that was pointless.


 Without becoming a venerable, there would be no qualitative change.


 Fang Yuan cultivated secretly while annexing immortal apertures, he also inspected his own luck very often.


 The silver white pillar of light was getting thicker, but the clouds above him were also growing in size. Be it the black cloud representing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable or the golden cloud representing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they were growing.


 As for the star cloud representing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it had expanded by several times, far surpassing the other two.


 The situation had not reached the worst scenario yet, Fang Yuan still had time to continue his cultivation and recuperation.



***
Chapter 2098 Hu Land


***





 



 Rotten Mud Mountain was one of the famous mountains of Southern Border.


 If it were in Western Desert, Eastern Sea, or Northern Plains, it might be more famous, but Southern Border had too many mountains, it had the most number of famous mountains in the five regions, Rotten Mud Mountain became quite inconspicuous, it gave people a feeling of being ordinary.


 This place produced rotten mud, it was a common Gu material that had poison path and earth path dao marks, it had very little value in the market due to abundance.


 During rainy seasons, Rotten Mud Mountain would turn into a temporary swamp, the rotten mud would turn into rotten swamp mud, which was a widely used Gu refinement material.


 During winter, the rotten mud would combine with the ice and snow path dao marks and turn into rotten frozen mud, it was also a common resource. Because it was very fertile, when mixed in soil to nurture crops, the effect would be outstanding. Many Southern Border villages made use of it.


 Furthermore, rotten frozen mud was the food of the smelly fart fat worm, thus, this Rotten Mud Mountain also produced the smelly fart fat worm as well.


 The smelly fart fat worm was a rank one poison path Gu worm, it looked like black boar Gu, often sold by unscrupulous merchants as fake black boar Gu.


 Similar to the smelly fart fat worm in name was smelly fart Gu, it was also a rank one poison path Gu worm. Similar to the smelly fart fat worm, smelly fart Gu was also living in Rotten Mud Mountain.


 Living on what grew around them, there were several villages that survived using the resources of the Rotten Mud Mountain.


 These villages were all scattered around the periphery of Rotten Mud Mountain, even though they competed with each other, they were more likely to work together.


 Because Rotten Mud Mountain was a famous mountain, it could obviously produce immortal materials, the mountain even had poison path desolate beasts or ancient desolate beasts.


 These villages did not have Gu Immortals, they were at most rank five Gu Masters, they would not dare to live on the mountain.


 Rumble…


 On this day, the people in the few villages heard thunderous sounds, they became shocked and uncertain.


 "What is happening on the mountain?"


 "Why is there thunder for no reason?"


 "The mountain is dangerous, we Gu Masters cannot understand what is happening."


 Next, people heard the shouting of people.


 "Kong Ri Tian, you cannot escape! I know that you are hiding here, but can you hide here forever?"


 "Come out now and hand over your Gu worms, I can still spare your life. If you miss this chance, after I search the mountain and find you, you will wish you were dead instead!"


 Wu clan's Gu Immortal shouted, his voices creating sound waves that spread around the area.


 The people in the villages at the periphery of the mountain were instantly shook.


 "An immortal!"


 "An immortal appeared. Oh heavens!"


 "I know about this demon Kong Ri Tian, he specially targets pure and innocent girls, to think an immortal would go after him, he's dead meat!!"


 "Did Kong Ri Tian get an Immortal Gu so an immortal is coming to snatch it?"


 "Hmph! This is not snatching, the immortal is just upholding justice and righteousness."


 "Do you guys think we will meet an immortal if we go there? Will we obtain a way to become immortal?"


 After the fate war, everyone in the world learned of the existence of immortals. Before that, because most people lived in isolation, many people thought that immortals were just legends.


 "Damn it!" Kong Ri Tian was covered in injuries, he hid in a rotten mud cave with a face full of despair.


 "Sigh, Wu clan's immortal is too domineering. I have implicated you all!" Kong Ri Tian looked at Wang Xiao Er and the four great obscenities, feeling guilt.


 On that day, after leaving the sinkhole, the situation turned chaotic. The four great obscenities were originally after Kong Ri Tian's immortal inheritance, but they ended up getting chased together.


 Kong Ri Tian also knew about the four great obscenities' desire, he used the inheritance to lure them, they ended up working together and escaping for their lives.


 After all, Sheng Tian true inheritance had only showed itself slightly, Gu Immortals did not pay attention to it yet. Kong Ri Tian only had to face rank five experts like Wu Ji or Shang Xin Ci.


 The four great obscenities had great strength themselves, together with Kong Ri Tian who was a famous demon in Southern Border, they managed to escape by working together.


 However, good times did not last, because Sheng Tian true inheritance was exposed, all the super clans started to go after it, they sent Gu Immortals out.


 Kong Ri Tian and the rest got into huge danger, they hid everywhere they could, eventually ending up in Rotten Mud Mountain, but now, Wu clan's Gu Immortal was here to send them into despair.


 "So be it if we die, so what?"


 "Brother Kong, say no more, this is our fate!"


 "Speaking of which, dying in the hands of an immortal is quite glorious too."


 The Central Continent four great obscenities chuckled, they were all demonic path members, at this desperate moment, they displayed their grand attitude towards life.


 "Alright, enough of such talk. Who said you would die?" Suddenly, from Kong Ri Tian's body, a will floated out.


 Seeing this will, Central Continent's four great obscenities showed a complex expression.


 This was Kong Sheng Tian's will, other than the will in Sheng Tian true inheritance, there were also Immortal Gu and immortal essence. This way, Kong Ri Tian had Gu Immortal methods to use.


 This was also the reason why the four great obscenities did not attack Kong Ri Tian to snatch the inheritance.


 These people were able to struggle until now from the pursuit of Gu Immortals, it was all thanks to Kong Sheng Tian's will.


 "Lord ancestor, you are finally awake. Are your injuries healed already? Do you mean we can still survive?" Kong Ri Tian's eyes shined with bright light, he asked in succession.


 Kong Sheng Tian's will sighed: "I am not injured, using Gu Immortal methods just takes a huge toll on me. Thus, I had to sleep and use Gu worms to replenish my will. As for whether you can be saved, of course you can! Why did I ask you to come here before I fell asleep? It was because this place allows us to escape from these people."


 After saying this, Kong Sheng Tian took action and activated his Gu Immortal method.


 Everyone was shocked to find out that a long tunnel secretly appeared in this rotten mud cave without any commotion.


 They all entered the tunnel as they went deeper underground, arriving in a hall.


 Kong Sheng Tian's will sighed deeply after returning here: "Back then, my main body spent a hundred years and used all sorts of clues to investigate and track down this place after much effort, I finally found this Hu Land. It was a pity that my body was too old then, I did not have long to live, I could only make arrangements and leave."


 "Hu Land? Is it the secluded domain of heaven and earth recorded in \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e?" Everyone was surprised, they had heard of it before.


 \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e was simply too widely known in the world.


 Kong Sheng Tian's will smiled arrogantly: "Of course! Hu Land shares the same reputation as Xi Land, it is a supreme secluded domain of qi path. Little Ri Tian, you know that my main body's most signature method was to shoot out currents from my body's pores and move rapidly. Hu Land and Xi Land are complementary[1], it is a perfect pair with my killer move, using it, we can definitely escape from these pursuers."


 "That is great!!" Everyone was surprised and joyful.


 Even though they did not fear death, the best situation was obviously to survive.


 Kong Sheng Tian's will sighed as he added: "It is a pity that you are not a Gu Immortal, Little Ri Tian, you cannot bring this secluded domain of heaven and earth with you. Once I use this killer move, you will scatter and fly out like meteors, the speed is incredible and nobody can catch you, but this Hu Land will be left for those Gu Immortals outside."


 Kong Ri Tian did not mind it: "Ancestor, keeping our lives is already good enough. Since we cannot bring the secluded domain of heaven and earth away, Wu clan can keep it safe for us now. One day, I will take it back, that Wu Ji or Shang Xin Ci will moan under my legs, they will suffer for this!!"


 Kong Ri Tian said this, his gaze turned ruthless, he emitted the aura of a demonic path member who had no fear for anything, he was filled with evil intentions.


 Kong Sheng Tian's will laughed loudly: "Good, this is how my descendant should act like!"


 Kong Sheng Tian was also a demonic path member back then, he liked descendants like Kong Ri Tian.


 Speaking of which, even though Kong Ri Tian had committed countless sins, he did not lack talent or a proper nature. Otherwise, he would survive in Southern Border for so long and even gain the reputation of a strong demon.


 Chen Yin Dao spoke: "Lord Gu Immortal, these people are my brothers, we would like to travel together. I heard from lord's words that we will be separated?"


 Kong Sheng Tian's will nodded: "Indeed, if my main body was still here, I can use Hu Land to let you guys escape together. But I am only a will now, I can barely use Hu Land, be it direction or destination, I cannot control either. Maybe you can stay here and hide elsewhere, after I leave with Little Ri Tian, that Southern Border Gu Immortal might go after us instead."


 Chen Yin Dao and the rest were troubled.


 Since they could leave, they definitely should leave.


 Staying here was too risky!


 Central Continent's four obscenities were experienced with living like fugitives, they knew that staying behind was the same as courting death.


 But if they escaped, they would not be together with Wang Xiao Er.


 And if they were separated and the cursed activated…


 "Brother Kong, I would like to speak to you." Thinking of this, Chen Yin Dao sighed deeply, he decided to speak the truth.


 Kong Ri Tian was a little surprised, even though he cooperated with the Central Continent four great obscenities, he kept his guard up. But now that his ancestor was awake, he was not afraid of the four great obscenities' sneak attack.


 Kong Ri Tian went to a corner with Chen Yin Dao as they conversed quietly.


 "So that's it." Kong Ri Tiang gasped.


 "Why else would we be like this?" Chen Yin Dao spoke very helplessly.


 Kong Ri Tian blinked wildly: "I thought that Central Continent people had such interests, speaking of which, when I first saw that, I was shocked, to think that you brothers would have such interests!"


 Their conversation could be heard as muffled voices in the air.


 "Brothers, what do you think boss is telling Brother Kong?" Wang Xiao Er was confused, he asked in curiosity.


 [1] Xi Land sucks in qi, Hu Land expels qi.



***
Chapter 2099 Wu Yongs Excitemen


***





 



 The other three obscenities had ugly expressions too.


 Kong Ri Tian was not just in the demonic path, he had the same 'hobbies' as them, they could be considered the same kind of people.


 To think that they would have to expose the truth to him now, it was truly shameful and humiliating!


 Hearing Wang Xiao Er's words, they even felt their anus tightening up.


 The four great obscenities were already in deep anguish while Wang Xiao Er was starting to enjoy himself. Because he was a mysterious immortal, the four great obscenities did not dare to say anything.


 Thus, the three of them gave vague replies: "Boss has his own good reasons for not telling us."


 "Xiao Er, we need to believe in him."


 "Boss is definitely thinking for our sake, he just does not want us to worry. This is not a problem!"


 Wang Xiao Er felt a little embarrassed from their words: "I was wrong, I was wrong! Brothers, don't blame me, I was just curious."


 After Kong Sheng Tian understood the situation, he returned to his ancestor Kong Sheng Tian's will and explained everything to him.


 Hearing this, Kong Sheng Tian's will showed a peculiar expression.


 "Let me try first." Kong Sheng Tian's will did not say that confidently.


 "Immortal, please go ahead!!" Chen Yin Dao and the rest quickly shouted with expressions of endless gratitude.


 Kong Sheng Tian's will was in no rush to treat them, he first used investigative methods to inspect their fortune.


 After taking a look, Kong Sheng Tian's will had an idea: "Hmm, the size of these people's fortune qi is much larger than normal, it is not weak at all. Especially that Wang Xiao Er, is he really an amnesiac immortal?"


 Kong Sheng Tian's will decided to save them.


 The Central Continent four great obscenities were mere mortals, whether it was worthwhile to help them would depend on their fortune.


 Kong Sheng Tian was a demonic path Gu Immortal, he naturally did things with a focus on benefits.


 Just using Hu Land to let them escape would not consume much immortal essence, he would only have to use a method. But to treat the four great obscenities' problem would incur a huge cost.


 Especially when the immortal essence that Kong Sheng Tian left behind were limited in quantity.


 Next, Kong Sheng Tian started his true investigation.


 A moment later, Kong Sheng Tian's will showed a serious expression, he shook his head: "I cannot treat your problem."


 Kong Ri Tian was surprised: "Ancestor, even your methods cannot work?"


 Kong Sheng Tian's will sighed: "I can heal most injuries in this world, but the immortal method on you guys is quite extraordinary, it is caused by the legendary love Gu. This Gu belongs to Spirit Affinity House, it seems that the person who used it on you is the current generation fairy. You are quite lucky to have even met Spirit Affinity House's fairy."


 The four great obscenities' expressions turned pale.


 Wang Xiao Er was confused: "Do my brothers have a huge hidden problem in their bodies?"


 He became anxious: "All of you hid this from me, didn't we say that we would share good times and bad times together? What problem do you have, even though I can't help, I can at least try to share your burden!"


 Wang Xiao Er said this, he got anxious, there was even slight rage in his tone.


 The four great obscenities looked at Wang Xiao Er, feeling pain internally.


 Or more accurately speaking, their butts were starting to hurt again.


 Was it their good luck or bad luck to have met such a person? They were lucky because they could survive until now because of him. But why was it that they would rather have never met him?


 "This is our fate." Chen Yin Dao sighed bitterly: "Immortal, since you cannot save us, we might as well stay here and wait for death."


 Kong Sheng Tian's will chuckled as he waved his hand: "Even though I cannot save you, I have a method that can alleviate your problem. I can temporarily suppress this problem within you, it will not bother you for some time."


 "You can do that!" The four great obscenities became excited, they quickly thanked him profusely.


 Wang Xiao Er was also quite excited.


 Kong Sheng Tian's will pondered again: "According to my deductions, your fortune does not exist in Southern Border, it is still in Central Continent."


 "What?" The four great obscenities looked at each other, they were chased out of Central Continent after all, but hearing Kong Sheng Tian's words, they still had to return to Central Continent?


 Kong Sheng Tian's will snorted coldly: "This is all I'll say, whether you believe it is up to you. Go!"


 The reason he spoke to these mortals for so long was because of his inheritor Kong Ri Tian. As for Wang Xiao Er, Kong Sheng Tian's will did not want to involve himself.


 If his main body was around, he might intervene.


 But now, who knew what background Wang Xiao Er had? Was he really having amnesia or was he pretending? Even if he did lose his memories, looking at him, he still had defensive methods.


 Kong Ri Tian had not become a Gu Immortal yet, he was even pursued by Southern Border's righteous path Gu Immortals, Kong Sheng Tian decided to act ignorant.


 He wanted nothing to do with Wang Xiao Er.


 "Go." Kong Sheng Tian spoke as he activated a killer move, utilizing Hu Land.


 Normally speaking, when Gu Immortals used killer moves, a strong aura would leak out and cause others to be wary.


 But Kong Sheng Tian's method could conceal the aura to a relatively perfect degree.


 This method was really rare.


 In the current five regions, only Wu Yong could do it.


 This meant that when Kong Sheng Tian was alive, he was definitely a huge headache for his enemies, they could not easily defend against him.


 Thus, when Wu clan's Gu Immortal found something amiss, it was all too late. He watched as these people flew away in all directions, unable to stop them.


 Wu clan's Gu Immortal was upset but also filled with shock and uncertainty.


 Because he found Hu Land!


 "This is a qi path secluded domain of heaven and earth? I am going to make a huge contribution!" After Wu clan's Gu Immortal confirmed it, he became intensely happy, he started to contact Wu clan's first supreme elder Wu Yong.


 When Wu Yong received the news, he was settling the clan affairs in his room.


 "Hu Land?!" He immediately stood up from his seat, his eyes shining with bright light.


 Next, he opened his mouth, he blew out a mouthful of green wind.


 After the green wind moved around and grew into the size of a fist, it entered Wu Yong's mind.


 Thoughts collided in Wu Yong's mind as they were constantly produced, the green wind would absorb them and assist in the collision speed, allowing him to think faster.


 Even though Wu Yong was a wind path expert, his attainment level was beyond the level of mimicry, he could easily copy the trait of wisdom path.


 "Hu Land is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, if Wu clan can obtain it, this might be the chance for me to start my domination!" Wu Yong was extremely happy, it was as if a fire burned in his heart, blazing intensely.


 There were many secluded domains of heaven and earth recorded in \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e. For time path, there was the River of Time, for space path, there was space cave, also know as space door. For qi path, there was Xi Land and Hu Land. For rule path, there was Reverse Flow River, Cheng Bai Mountain, and Miniscule Mountain. For information path, there was Qian Kun Crystal Wall, Whisper Forest… and for soul path, there was Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley…


 There were also some secluded domains of heaven and earth that comprised several paths, for example City Well, the Blue Sea of Life, and Ordinary Abyss.


 Gu were the essence of heaven and earth, fragments of the Great Dao, even though secluded domains of heaven and earth had scattered dao marks, the total number usually surpassed rank nine Immortal Gu.


 These secluded domains of heaven and earth were not just recorded in \u003c\u003cThe Legends of Ren Zu\u003e\u003e, very rarely, they had been obtained by Gu Immortals or super forces, leaving behind their own legends.


 If a secluded domain of heaven and earth was used well, it could give a huge benefit to the super force. Even pseudo venerables and venerables would benefit greatly from them.


 Ignoring anyone else, just the pseudo venerable Demon Immortal Qi Jue, he had used Xi Land to participate in a top level fight of the Gu Immortal world immediately after reviving.


 Wu Yong knew: "For a super force, if they could develop a secluded domain of heaven and earth well, they would gain immense profits from a monopoly in the market, for example, like Dang Hun Mountain."


 "For a Gu Immortal, a secluded domain of heaven and earth was the replacement of a rank nine Immortal Gu, it could shake the entire era, causing a new trend to emerge in the immortal world!"


 Rank nine Immortal Gu were too hard to get.


 There were not many rank nine Immortal Gu even in history.


 For example, fate Gu, Heavenly Court spent millions of years trying to protect and restore it.


 Or wisdom Gu for example, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable spent a lot of effort to keep it within Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 There was also hatred Gu, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable plotted for hundreds of thousands of years before succeeding.


 The venerables in history were the group that had the most number of rank nine Immortal Gu, all of their vital Gu were rank nine. Other than them, the number didn't even reach five.


 Thus, the value of a secluded domain of heaven and earth was apparent. Using a secluded domain of heaven and earth as the core to activate an immortal killer move would often have great effects.


 Like Fang Yuan's reverse flow protection seal.


 "I need to do my best and obtain this secluded domain of heaven and earth, I need to get it secretly and prevent information from leaking!" Wu Yong made up his mind.


 The secluded domain of heaven and earth had huge implications if it was exposed, the whole of Southern Border would get involved, the other four regions might even come to snatch it.


 But now, this secret had not been exposed yet, Wu Yong saw a great chance for himself.


 Other forces only knew about Sheng Tian true inheritance, they did not know about this Hu Land.


 Earlier, Wu clan's Gu Immortal had already fought against the other clans' Gu Immortals, they left on their own accord. Right now on Rotten Mud Mountain, there were no other lone and demonic cultivators.


 In the past, if a rank eight inheritance like Sheng Tian true inheritance appeared, the entire Southern Border Gu Immortal world would be moved, many people would be sent out to fight for it.


 But it was different now.


 All five regions had inheritances appear, they were all exposed due to the qi tides.


 Wu clan's Gu Immortal was able to defeat the competitors mostly due to this reason, the other super forces were busy dealing with their own territories, they were trying to get the inheritances of the highest value.


 Sheng Tian true inheritance was just one of them.


 Compared to Southern Border's righteous path, Wu Yong was more worried about the pseudo venerables.


 "Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Qi Sea Ancestor are both qi path Gu Immortals, this Hu Land has huge significance to them."


 "But luckily, Demon Immortal Qi Jue is currently suppressed by Divine Emperor City, while Qi Sea Ancestor is fighting against the variant human alliance led by Fang Yuan, he has no time to spare."


 "As for Fang Yuan…"


 Wu Yong was still most worried about Gu Yue Fang Yuan!



***
Chapter 2100 Fire Thunder True Inheritance


***





 



 In the past, Wu Yong chased after Fang Yuan and forced him to go from Southern Border to Western Desert. Now, Wu Yong was afraid that Fang Yuan would approach his clan and snatch Hu Land away!


 Wu Yong knew that if Fang Yuan came for it, he would not be able to block him.


 Immortal Gu were easily destroyed, Fang Yuan might act carefully, but these kinds of secluded domains were hard to destroy, he was almost certainly going to succeed in snatching it.


 "Fang Yuan has the sovereign immortal body, he can cultivate any path, that is quite terrifying, Hu Land is definitely useful to him. If this Hu Land is exposed, my Wu clan will not be able to keep it, it will be taken away. By then, not only will we waste our time and resources, we may also incur deaths. Wu clan’s prestige may also fall, it will be better if we leave it alone!" Wu Yong thought about the situation.


 He decided to send people and secretly take Hu Land away. If it got exposed during this process, he would immediately abandon it.


 Even though Wu clan was big, it was not the match of someone like Fang Yuan!


 In this world, the number of people did not matter, only individual strength was of importance.


 "Those villages around Rotten Mud Mountain have no Gu Immortals, but we need to prevent the mortals and Gu Masters from exposing the news. Maybe we can make use of the ’beast tide’ to settle this problem."


 "There is no rush to find Kong Ri Tian, we can just investigate it secretly. Hopefully, he does not expose his location before I get Hu Land."


 If he still kept up the commotion, he would cause suspicions — Wu clan’s Gu Immortal was actually unable to capture Kong Ri Tian, wasn’t that too strange? What method did Kong Ri Tian use to escape from Wu clan’s rank seven Gu Immortal?


 By then, they would cast their suspicions on Rotten Mud Mountain.


 Thus, Wu Yong would rather have Kong Ri Tian hide himself these few days without exposing his location.


 "To lure the attention of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, I might need to activate my arrangement in Ba clan in advance to create a smokescreen for me to take Hu Land."


 "Of course, there is the one biggest flaw in this plan, that is Kong Ri Tian."


 "Kong Ri Tian has Kong Sheng Tian’s will, he can connect to treasure yellow heaven. At the crucial moment, if he exposes the secret of Hu Land, it would cause our Wu clan to suffer a huge amount of conflict."


 "But this possibility is quite unlikely."


 Wu Yong analyzed to himself.


 Firstly, Kong Sheng Tian cultivated qi path, Kong Ri Tian would definitely cultivate qi path too. If Wu clan obtains Hu Land, from their perspective, they would want to compete with Wu clan in the dark and retrieve Hu Land without a commotion. They would not want a large number of competitors to emerge.


 Secondly, if Kong Ri Tian exposed the secret of Hu Land, he would be the mortal enemy of Wu clan, it was not a wise thing to do since it would cause them to take revenge. At the same time, Kong Ri Tian would expose the secret that he was still escaping, other Gu Immortals would go and capture him.


 Even though the possibility was unlikely, the chance was still there.


 The risk of secretly taking away Hu Land was very huge to Wu clan!


 But the benefit it involved was also massive, Wu Yong was willing to take the risk.


 Some days later.


 Above red dragon river, Wu clan’s, Xia clan’s, and Ba clan’s Gu Immortals were nervously anticipating a contest.


 River water surged as ripples spread with explosive sounds, this was the fire thunder river segment of red dragon river, it produced fire path and lightning path Gu worms.


 A newly discovered rank eight true inheritance was hidden at the bottom of this river segment.


 The person who set up this true inheritance was called Fire Thunder Divine Lord, he cultivated fire path primarily with lightning path secondarily, even though he was a lone cultivator, he had above average luck and experienced many fortuitous encounters.


 He was not a Southern Border Gu Immortal, he came from Western Desert.


 He had once caused chaos in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world, several Western Desert super forces chased after him. Even though he managed to survive, by the time he got to the fire thunder river segment of red dragon river, his injuries could not be healed, before dying, he made his arrangements.


 Precisely because of his arrangements, this river segment turned into the fire thunder river segment gradually over time.


 Fire Thunder Divine Lord’s methods were not eye-catching, they were very close to that of nature, even though this was the intersection of Ba clan and Xia clan, the two super forces did not notice anything strange, they thought it was a natural development.


 Even though fire thunder river segment produced fire path and lightning path Gu worms, no Immortal Gu had ever been produced. Thus, Ba clan and Xia clan did not pay attention to it.


 For mortals, even though the fire path and lightning path mortal Gu were alluring, the environment was too dangerous, few rank five Gu Masters would take the risk.


 Thus, Fire Thunder Divine Lord’s true inheritance remained hidden for so long, until now when the qi tides swept through the world, it was unveiled.


 Fire Thunder Divine Lord was a rank eight Gu Immortal, the rank eight true inheritance he left behind was quite high quality, it caused almost all of Southern Border’s super clans to compete for it.


 After some probing and fighting, only three competitors were left.


 One was Wu clan, the other two were Ba clan and Xia clan.


 Ba clan’s current first supreme elder was Ba De, he was tall and had a plain look, he had a strong body with broad shoulders and chest, his skin that was not covered looked like thousand year old tree bark, there was even green moss growing on it.


 He had a large mouth and broad nose, his eyes were covered by a black cloth, covering them completely. His dark green beard hung down to his waist, while his jade green hair extended to the back of his waist.


 Ba De floated in the air as he called to Wu Yong: "Wu clan, you are overstepping your boundaries, this is the territory of my Ba clan. Regardless of what true inheritance it is, this belongs to Ba clan. Wu clan, as the leader of the Southern Alliance, the leader of Southern Border’s Gu Immortals, why are you not being a role model, are you ignoring the rules of the righteous path?"


 Wu Yong smiled as he said gentlemanly: "Since when has this fire thunder river segment become yours? The territorial boundary between Xia clan and Ba clan is a sensitive area, Ba De, you need to speak more carefully, at least, you need to ask about the opinion of our comrades from Xia clan."


 Before he finished, Xia clan’s Gu Immortal Xia Zhao spoke: "Lord Wu Yong, regardless of whether this is Xia clan’s or Ba clan’s territory, it is still our matter. Wu clan is far away at the southern-most area, even Qiao clan is nowhere close to the fire thunder river segment."


 Even though Xia Zhao only had rank seven cultivation level, Xia clan’s original first supreme elder Xia Cha had already been turned into a mortal Gu Master by Fang Yuan, Xia Zhao was now the current first supreme elder, on the same status as Ba De. Thus, it was not strange that he spoke.


 Xia clan and Wu clan had conflict between them even from before now, their relationship was not good.


 Ignoring anything else, just merely in recent years.


 Xia clan and Wu clan conflicted over Frosty Peak, Fang Yuan had disguised as Wu Yi Hai and forced Xia Fei Kuai away, winning the contest.


 After that, Xia clan still made an attack and took over Qiao clan’s empty origin pit. Qiao clan was Wu clan’s subsidiary force, invading Qiao clan’s territory was offending Wu clan. After that, Wu Yong used Clear Jade Dripping Wind Tiny Bamboo Building to turn the situation around, Xia clan was forced to return empty origin pit.


 Xia clan’s external supreme elder Immortal Yan Huang had once owned Moon Bowl, but Wu clan had already taken possession of this territory.


 Thus, even though Xia clan and Ba clan were not harmonious, because Wu clan was the strongest among them, these two clans were actually standing on the same side now.


 Qiao Si Liu’s expression changed slightly.


 She was one of Southern Border’s three great fairies, her beauty was on par with Fairy Miao Yin.


 Her cultivation level was also rank seven.


 This time, with Wu clan’s action, Qiao clan had to show some effort as their subsidiary force, thus they sent Qiao Si Liu to accompany Wu Yong.


 Qiao Si Liu knew about the rules of the righteous path, seeing Ba clan and Xia clan joining up against Wu clan, she became anxious internally.


 Righteous path Gu Immortals had a set of rules to follow, they were not as free as the demonic path or carefree as the lone cultivators.


 Even though Wu Yong was strong, seemingly the number one person in Southern Border, without a good righteous reason, he could not take Fire Thunder true inheritance by force.


 At this moment, Wu Yong’s reputation and his status as the Southern Alliance Leader became the chains that bound him.


 If Wu Yong took it by force, he would lose everyone’s support, Southern Border’s righteous path would lose faith in his impartiality as the alliance leader.


 Wu clan was a powerful force but they did not cultivate fire path or lightning path, a rank eight fire thunder true inheritance was really not significant to Wu clan. If Wu Yong tried to take it now, Wu clan’s losses would be even larger instead!


 Against Xia clan and Ba clan’s resistance, the smile on Wu Yong’s face became even more evident: "Go, bring the person here."


 He instructed.


 The Wu clan Gu Immortal behind him opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, a mortal Gu Master came out.


 Wu Yong introduced: "This Western Desert Gu Master is the bloodline inheritor of Fire Thunder Divine Lord. Whether fire thunder river segment belongs to Ba clan or Xia clan does not matter, what is clear is that the Fire Thunder true inheritance in the river belongs to this little friend."


 The expressions of Ba clan’s and Xia clan’s Gu Immortals changed.


 Wu Yong smiled again with calm composure: "As righteous path members, how can we snatch other people’s inheritances? This true inheritance has its owner, it belongs to this friend from Western Desert. As the Southern Alliance Leader, I need to be impartial in my actions, if anyone suspects his identity, you can extract his blood and test it."


 "As expected of Lord Wu Yong! So he came prepared." Qiao Si Liu’s eyes shined as she calmed down.


 With this excuse, Wu clan had the right of reason, they could block any accusations that came at them, Wu Yong could use his full strength. In contrast, Ba clan and Xia clan fell into an awkward spot.


 Ba De and Xia Zhao looked at each other, their expressions were ugly.


 Wu Yong made such ample preparation, they were quite surprised.


 Even though Wu Yong had just risen to power recently, his political skill was a huge lesson to the entire Southern Border Gu Immortal world.


 Ba De and Xia Zhao knew that since Wu Yong brought out this bloodline descendant, his identity had to be authentic. Even if Wu Yong was faking it, he would have done it with a superb method that could not be seen through for now.


 Ba De and Xia Zhao discussed among themselves and took a few steps forward.


 Ba De had a solemn expression: "How can we return an inheritance of Southern Border to Western Desert?"


 Xia Zhao added: "Since Fire Thunder Divine Lord died here and left his true inheritance in Southern Border, this is simply the will of heaven."


 Ba clan and Xia clan could not back out, the true inheritance was in-between their territories, if they backed off now, would they still keep their reputation?


 Wu Yong was not surprised by their words, he waved his sleeves:"Then let the three of us compete for it."


 The situation had reached this stage, they could only fight to determine the outcome.


 "Let me exchange blows with you!" Ba De shouted as he acted first.


 Xia Zhao only had rank seven cultivation level, he quickly flew away and attacked from afar, helping Ba De to restrain Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong laughed heartily, intense winds blew as the sky turned dark.


 Ba De cultivated wood path, he activated his killer move, countless ancient trees and flying leaves appeared in the sky.


 But against Wu Yong’s killer moves, the trees were sliced apart and the leaves wilted away.


 After three rounds, Ba De and Xia Zhao got defeated by Wu Yong, the superior side was very obvious.


 "Anything else to say?" Wu Yong smiled.


 Xia Zhao had a livid expression, he remained silent. He could not help but recall the time when Xia Cha was still rank eight, at least back then, Wu Yong was not so arrogant.


 "He actually became this strong!" Ba De was internally shaken as he clenched his fists: "But I still have another trump card killer move unused. If I try... can I defeat Wu Yong?"


 Ba De thought about it, he relaxed his clenched fists.


 Just this Fire Thunder true inheritance was not important enough for him to expose the killer move that he had kept a secret for years.


 Ba clan and Xia clan left in the end.


 Wu Yong brought the Western Desert Gu Master to the bottom of the river as he retrieved the Fire Thunder true inheritance.


 The Western Desert Gu Master knelt down on the spot, requesting to join Wu clan.


 Wu Yong agreed immediately.


 This Western Desert Gu Master was called Zhong Yi, he had ample talent and a good character, he could become a Gu Immortal seed with some nurturing, Wu clan had no losses in taking him in.


 Because of Fang Yuan, a number of Wu clan’s Gu Immortals had died. Wu Yong needed more Wu clan Gu Immortals to emerge now, thus he took in the surrounding Gu Masters of other regions as their clan’s future external elders.


 "Congratulations to Lord Wu Yong, you easily defeated Ba clan and Xia clan, obtaining Fire Thunder true inheritance." Qiao Si Liu said with deep politeness.


 "In the current Southern Border, who dares to contend with our lord?" Wu clan’s Gu Immortals gained a surge in morale, they spoke excitedly.


 Wu Yong acknowledged their words, he said calmly: "Spread news of today’s battle, I want the entire Southern Border Gu Immortal world to hear of it."


 "Yes." Wu clan’s Gu Immortals answered.


 "Lord Wu Yong, I, mushroomman Gu Immortal Ke Xin Hong, seek your audience." At this time, a mushroomman Gu Immortal approached from the southeast direction, riding waves along the way.


 "What?"


 "A mushroomman Gu Immortal!"


 "Does he come from Mushroomman Paradise? Such guts."


 The Gu Immortals around Wu Yong had changes of expressions.


 Ke Xin Hong wore a white shirt, he had a plain face, he did not conceal his appearance, there was a large mushroom above his head, looking like a hat.


 Wu Yong’s heart jolted.


 At the next moment, Ke Xin Hong transmitted to Wu Yong: "Lord Wu Yong, I come from Mushroomman Paradise, I carry the orders of Lord Gu Yue Fang Yuan."


 Wu Yong’s expression did not change, he replied: "For what matter have you come?"


 Ke Xin Hong smiled: "Sheng Tian true inheritance."


 Wu Yong’s pupils shrunk immediately.



***
Chapter 2101 Fang Yuan Makes A Transaction


***





 



 Wu Yong tried to stay calm as he exchanged some words with mushroomman Gu Immortal Ke Xin Hong.


 "So Fang Yuan wants my Sheng Tian true inheritance but he has not discovered Hu Land!" After some probing, the worry in his heart was finally lifted.


 The truth was, as long as Kong Ri Tian did not expose this secret personally, there was only a slight possibility that Hu Land would be discovered by anyone else other than Wu clan.


 Back then, Kong Ri Tian and the rest used Hu Land to escape, no other Gu Immortal saw them.


 "After Kong Ri Tian and the rest escaped, no news of them had emerged. Thus, outsiders like Fang Yuan would think that Kong Ri Tian is in my hands. Thus, he came to me for Sheng Tian true inheritance."


 Wu Yong thought: "My actions earlier were not good enough. I should have announced immediately that Kong Ri Tian was captured by my Wu clan!"


 Even though that was not true, if Wu clan publicized that, Kong Ri Tian would not come out to refute him anyway.


 If Kong Ri Tian exposed himself, the Gu Immortals that were after Sheng Tian true inheritance would charge towards him like jackals, they would tear his weak little body to shreds.


 "If Kong Ri Tian hears such an announcement from my Wu clan, he will also understand our motive. Keeping Hu Land a secret will also be ensuring his safety, he will not reject it."


 Wu Yong had another plan, he could make up for his previous mistake.


 Hu Land was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it had immense value, if Wu clan wanted to own it, he would need to do it in secret!


 "I can let you have Sheng Tian true inheritance." Wu Yong rapidly transmitted and replied Ke Xin Hong.


 For Hu Land, giving up Sheng Tian true inheritance was a wise decision.


 Moreover, this Sheng Tian true inheritance had just been obtained by Wu clan, it had contents but not Immortal Gu. The Immortal Gu and immortal essence were still in Kong Ri Tian’s hands.


 Ke Xin Hong was slightly stunned.


 Wu Yong agreed so readily, it was out of his expectations.


 He was a Gu Immortal expert of Mushroomman Paradise, after Lu Wei Yin submitted to Fang Yuan along with the entire paradise, he became Fang Yuan’s subordinate.


 This was the first mission that Fang Yuan gave him.


 When Ke Xin Hong received this mission, he felt great internal pressure. He had heard of Wu Yong’s name long ago, along the way, he was thinking of what to do if Wu Yong rejected or refused to agree with this.


 To think that he would agree so easily after they met.


 "I finally understand the might and prestige of my lord now." Ke Xin Hong sighed internally, filled with deep emotions.


 Ke Xin Hong added: "Lord Wu Yong, my lord is willing to pay for the entire Sheng Tian true inheritance."


 It was Wu Yong’s turn to be stunned.


 Hearing Ke Xin Hong’s words, it seemed like Fang Yuan wanted a fair trade? He was not going to extort or snatch it by force?


 Wu Yong quickly reacted, he listed his condition.


 Ke Xin Hong frowned slightly, because Wu Yong wanted a rank nine wind path immortal material, it was quite rare in the market.


 Ke Xin Hong could not decide this alone, he quickly communicated with Fang Yuan.


 After receiving an answer, Ke Xin Hong started to smile again as he looked at Wu Yong.


 Using treasure yellow heaven, this transaction was quickly completed.


 Fang Yuan obtained the full details of Sheng Tian true inheritance, while Wu Yong obtained a rank nine wind path immortal material.


 "Fang Yuan has a large number of grotto-heavens from the two heavens, it is not strange that he has rare immortal materials. But he really went ahead to transact with me?!"


 Surprisingly getting a rank nine wind path immortal material, Wu Yong’s preparatory work for refining eight-faced prestige wind Immortal Gu achieved a significant breakthrough.


 But Wu Yong could not be happy!


 Fang Yuan had the battle strength to snatch Sheng Tian true inheritance but he did not do that.


 He only sent a mushroomman Gu Immortal and expressed his sincerity in making a fair trade, afterwards, he held his word and paid with a rank nine wind path immortal material.


 "Fang Yuan is truly amazing!" Wu Yong sighed deeply.


 As the saying goes, an expert swimmer would eventually drown, an expert combatant would die in battle, relying on one’s specialty without possessing other skills was a dangerous thing.


 Once people started to rely on something, they would unknowingly stay within their comfort zone, they would develop a mental pattern. When they encounter problems, they would use their specialty trait to resolve the issues, as time passes, all of their other methods and perspectives would vanish. Eventually, they would face the greatest predicament of their lives, it might be their end.


 But Fang Yuan did not do that.


 He had great battle strength and could snatch the true inheritance, but if he did that, he would waste a lot of time and energy, there was even a chance of failing.


 After all, the information could be erased.


 But using this transaction, Fang Yuan easily obtained Sheng Tian true inheritance without a hitch.


 Wu Yong analyzed: "This can mean at least two things."


 "Firstly, Fang Yuan has a lot of immortal materials, one rank nine wind path immortal material is not important in his eyes!"


 "Secondly, even though he is the number one person in the world, he still keeps his composure and scheming mind, he does not overly rely on his strength. Sigh, it would have been great if I managed to kill him back then. Fang Yuan has already grown fully, with such a nature, he is too terrifying."


 When Sheng Tian true inheritance’s transaction ended, Fang Yuan’s main body was already in Western Desert.


 Western Desert, Fang clan’s headquarters.


 Fang clan’s supreme elders were almost fully gathered, they stared at Fang Yuan like he was a fatal enemy.


 "Everyone, don’t be too nervous, really, I came here to make a transaction with Fang clan." Fang Yuan smiled.


 But Fang clan’s immortals felt huge pressure weighing on them.


 Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong said: "Is it our fortune or misfortune to have received your attention?"


 "Everyone, we have quite the relationship actually." Fang Yuan started to activate his killer move.


 As the aura leaked, all of Fang clan’s Gu Immortals stood up from their seats, they quickly activated their Immortal Gu, a battle was about to start.


 "Fang Yuan, what are you doing?"


 "This is our Fang clan’s headquarters!"


 "Earlier when we were outside, you said you wanted to make a transaction, if you attack now, who will believe your words in the future?"


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals called out with intense nervousness.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly: "If I wanted to harm you, I could have attacked from the start, can your Fang clan stop me?"


 As he said so, his appearance changed.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were shocked: "Suan Bu Jin?"


 Fang Yuan activated familiar face again, changing into another appearance.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals saw Fang Yuan’s appearance, they became shocked again: "Fang Di Chang?"


 Fang Yun frowned, he was the adopted son of Fang Di Chang, seeing Fang Yuan’s transformation, he felt repulsed: "Lord Fang Yuan, did you come all the way to our clan just for this display of transformations to mock us?"


 Fang Yuan looked at Fang Yun, saying with deep meaning: "Yun Er, during this time when I was gone, why didn’t you convert to wisdom path? Father gave you three wisdom path Immortal Gu and even my wisdom path inheritance. Fang clan has no wisdom path Gu Immortal at the moment, if you do not take up this responsibility, who will?"


 "You, you!" Fang Yun pointed at Fang Yuan, he stared with wide opened eyes, filled with shock.


 The other Fang clan Gu Immortals also had a change of expression.


 They realized something from his words, they had a guess regarding the truth, the reality of it made them sink into panic.


 "Indeed, I am Suan Bu Jin, who also became Fang Di Chang later on. I have interacted with you guys much more than you think." Fang Yuan looked around as he laughed heartily.


 Fang Gong’s expression was livid, he could not wait anymore, he stood out: "What evidence do you have?"


 Fang Yuan gave a bunch of evidence to the Fang clan Gu Immortals as he transmitted to Fang Gong, snickering: "Fang Gong, you and Fang Di Chang decided to sacrifice Suan Bu Jin to refine Divine Bean Palace, do you really want me to expose it?"


 Fang Yuan not only had evidence, he even had accurate facts, Fang clan soon realized the whole story.


 "So Fang Yuan infiltrated our Fang clan long ago!"


 "He even became our external supreme elder!"


 "Oh heavens, even our second supreme elder Fang Di Chang was replaced by him, we did not even notice!!"


 After Fang clan’s Gu Immortals realized the truth, they all turned pale as cold sweat broke out.


 It was too terrifying.


 If not for Fang Yuan’s reveal, they would still think that Fang Di Chang was currently trapped inside Divine Emperor City.


 Ever since the fate war ended, Fang clan had been trying to negotiate with Heavenly Court to get back their supreme elder Fang Di Chang.


 "This means that Divine Bean Palace trapped your clone, while our second supreme elder died at your hands!" Fang Gong looked at Fang Yuan with a cold gaze.


 Fang Gong was tall and sturdy, with long white hair and beard spreading around his head like a lion’s mane, he had bulging muscles that resembled rocks. Facing the murderer of his second supreme elder, if it were any other person, he would have attacked already.


 But against Fang Yuan, he could only restrain himself, he looked at Fang Yuan with a complex gaze, there was anger and hatred in his eyes, but also helplessness and wariness.


 Fang Yuan was too strong, his demonic might was unparalleled, his reputation was unmatched, Fang Gong did not dare to make a rash move!


 Fang Yuan continued: "Saying that Fang Di Chang died at my hands is both correct and also wrong. Fang Di Chang’s body is destroyed but his soul is in my hands, do you want it back?"


 Back then, to avoid the detection of soul lantern Gu, Fang Yuan did not kill Fang Di Chang, he only separated his body and soul.


 Fang Di Chang’s soul was still kept in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals heard this, they became excited.


 "Fang Di Chang’s soul is in your hands?"


 "Great, our second supreme elder can be saved!"


 "No wonder Central Continent has been so vague all this time, so they did not even have our second supreme elder in the first place."


 "In the current world, Fate has been destroyed, as long as Fang Di Chang’s soul is around, if he gets a Gu Immortal body, he would return to Fang clan again."


 "If this Gu Immortal body cultivates wisdom path, then after Fang Di Chang revives, he will be an immense help to your entire clan!"


 "Now tell me, friends from Fang clan, do you want to make a transaction with me?" Fang Yuan stated his ultimatum.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were silent, they looked at Fang Gong.


 At the crucial moment, only a rank eight Gu Immortal like Fang Gong could make the decision!



***
Chapter 2102 Going After Tian Nans true inheritance


***





 



 The answer to Fang Yuan’s question was obvious for Fang clan.


 Fang Gong nodded as he thought about his words before saying in a solemn tone: "Of course we are willing to transact, but Sir Fang Yuan, what do you want? If your request is too much, or if it exceeds our capability, then..."


 Fang Yuan waved his hand, interrupting Fang Gong: "Firstly, I need Thieves Den. Secondly, I need Fang clan to take over green ghost desert and provide me with a vast number of soul cores, what I will give to you is not just Fang Di Chang’s soul. We can slowly discuss the details later."


 Fang Yuan gave loose conditions, Fang clan’s Gu Immortals were excited about it but also held suspicions.


 Fang Yuan seemed to know what they were thinking: "I can easily destroy your entire Fang clan, why would I need to resort to other methods? I’ll let you know, I’ve already done a transaction with Wu Yong. I am not a brutal person, killing is just a method. Unless I have to, I will not use brute strength to satisfy my requirements."


 Fang clan’s immortals were shaken internally, Fang Yuan’s words had hidden meaning. He was saying that if they did not satisfy him, he would wage war on them, they would lose terribly and even get wiped out!


 Fang Gong felt bitter internally, against this powerful and domineering Fang Yuan, what could he choose?


 Actually, the moment Fang Yuan showed up, Fang clan no longer had a chance in the matter.


 Fang clan had to cooperate with Fang Yuan, they had to undergo transactions.


 Otherwise?


 Death!


 Heavenly Court could not stop Fang Yuan, Spectral Soul was even killed by him, even before that, Southern Border’s rank eight Gu Immortals were also harmed by him!


 What could the mere Fang clan do against him?


 Even a super force would be exterminated.


 Looking at the past, Northern Plains’ Hei tribe had been destroyed, replaced by Bai Zu tribe.


 There was also Qing clan, back then, they were incredibly powerful, but after provoking the young Spectral Soul, they were wiped out. Green ghost desert was now Qing clan’s graveyard, it was right beside Fang clan.


 Sometimes, one person could wipe out an entire force.


 In the Gu world, strength ruled above all!


 Thus, even though super forces had deep foundations, they would often be very careful when dealing with lone immortals or demonic immortals, especially when engaging in combat.


 In order to survive, Fang clan agreed to Fang Yuan’s requests.


 The two sides negotiated for some time before they arrived at a conclusion.


 Fang Yuan’s terms were too relaxed, Fang clan could barely believe this was real.


 Was this the number one demon in the world, Gu Yue Fang Yuan?


 Because reality was much better than their expectations, these Fang clan Gu Immortals’ moods improved drastically!


 "I said before, I am not someone who enjoys killing brutally, cooperating with me has great benefits." The person who slaughtered his clan, killed all the Gu Immortals in Hei Fan grotto-heaven, participated in the Dong Fang tribe incident, partially accountable for Snowy Mountain blessed land’s destruction, annexed his allies in Lang Ya Sect and the variant humans, destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, captured Southern Border’s righteous path Gu Immortals, killed Gu Immortals from all the five regions and two heavens, participated in Heavenly Court’s climactic battle, and the one who slaughtered Spectral Soul, Fang Yuan, said with an earnest expression.


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals had twitching eyelids as they quickly agreed with him.


 "Lord Fang Yuan is right!"


 "Working with Lord Fang Yuan is our clan’s greatest blessing."


 "Actually, we know about your circumstances back then, Lord Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court was simply too much of a bully!"


 Fang clan’s Gu Immortals uttered words that seemed to be their heartfelt feelings, they showed no signs of insincerity.


 Fang Yun and Fang Leng were still too young, they remained silent.


 "If Lord Fang Yuan is interested in creating a clan, my Fang clan will do our best to help you!" Fang Gong ended the conversation with a promise that held great meaning.


 Fang Yuan looked at him with a deep gaze before leaving.


 At the next moment, he activated a killer move and vanished from everyone’s sight.


 Fang Gong tried to induce Fang Yuan into creating a clan, it was for the sake of Fang clan. If their secret transaction was exposed in the future, Fang clan would be in a passive spot, their reputation would fall, they might even get attacked by other super forces.


 But if Fang Yuan creates a clan, he would go from the demonic path to the righteous path. by then, if this transaction was exposed, Fang clan would only face some criticism.


 Gu Masters and Gu Immortals who were lone and demonic cultivators could convert their statuses into members of the righteous path.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was one such example.


 If a demonic or lone cultivator had enough battle strength to make the righteous path forces wary, they would not want to fight. When these Gu cultivators create their clan, if they were adept at dealing with the surroundings forces to create beneficial relationships, they might reach a certain agreement and balance, they would become part of the righteous path.


 The truth was, many super forces in history, be they in Western Desert, Eastern Sea, or Southern Border, involved such cases.


 Fang Yuan’s transaction with Fang clan made Fang Gong realize that Fang Yuan was someone with such political view and ability.


 If a strong demonic cultivator stops focusing on fighting or killing, he would act like a righteous path member, he would be able to change his status.


 "It is a pity that is not my goal." Fang Yuan smiled lightly to himself.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, he created the Blood Wing Demon Sect, at its peak, there were ten thousand members, he learned of the true essence of strength at that time.


 In this world, a person’s strength can surpass an entire organization’s, any sort of organization was just icing on the cake.


 Only when an individual had high battle strength would they truly be strong!


 Even the number one super force, Heavenly Court, had to rely on venerable methods to survive at the moment of crisis. Otherwise, it would have been destroyed already.


 "Thieves Den." Fang Yuan started his closed cultivation, deciphering this damaged Immortal Gu House.


 Meanwhile, his clone in Eastern Sea, Qi Sea Ancestor, was also negotiating a transaction with Song clan.


 Right now, there were only Qi Sea Ancestor and Song Xia Qi in the hall.


 Song Xia Qi was a rank seven Gu Immortal of Song clan, he was tasked to be stationed in qi sea, he was their representative.


 Right now, Song Xia Qi had an ugly expression, he could not sit still. Because earlier, he had received a "small" request from Qi Sea Ancestor — Tian Nan’s true inheritance!


 Qi Sea Ancestor claimed that his descendants wanted some development in refinement path, thus he wanted to make a transaction with Song clan.


 Song clan had once competed with Ruo Lai clan and Cai clan over the ownership of Ascending Heaven Plain, in the end, they won the true inheritance of Old Eccentric Tian Nan.


 Old Eccentric Tian Nan was a genius of the Remote Antiquity Era, he had high seniority, the first refinement path supreme grandmaster recorded in history, he was on par with Old Immortal Kong Jue and Long Hair Ancestor.


 Even after three million years, Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s true inheritance still had immense value.


 Song Xia Qi was silent for a while before replying: "Reporting to ancestor, I would not dare to lie. Ever since we obtained this refinement path true inheritance, our Song clan has been researching upon it, we specially chose to nurture Gu Immortal seeds to make Tian Nan’s true inheritance one of our signature strengths in the future."


 "This is a huge matter, I cannot decide on it, allow me to report it first. But I would guess that the result might disappoint you, ancestor."


 Song Xia Qi said in a polite tone that he would report it, but he was clearly rejecting the idea.


 Qi Sea Ancestor smiled as he waved his hand: "You do not need to worry, that was just a thought that I had. Since Tian Nan’s true inheritance is so precious to Song clan, why would I snatch it from you? We can forget about this matter."


 Song Xia Qi had a grateful expression, as he stood up to express his gratitude, he mentioned several other super forces in Eastern Sea, they also had deep foundation in refinement path.


 Qi Sea Ancestor had a compassionate smile as he said: "I’ll remember your suggestions, don’t be in a rush to leave, I have made some new tea."


 Meng Qiu Zhen passed many dream realms recently, causing Fang Yuan’s food path attainment to jump through master level from zero foundation, becoming a grandmaster.


 Qi Sea Ancestor was Fang Yuan’s clone, they shared attainment levels, while he organized his combat system, he created some new qi path tea as well.


 After drinking the tea, Song Xia Qi bid farewell to Qi Sea Ancestor respectfully.


 After returning to his estate, he used an immortal killer move to communicate with Song clan’s headquarters.


 This matter concerned Qi Sea Ancestor, it was too important, Song clan’s immortals soon learned of this situation.


 Song clan’s Gu Immortals put everything else aside as they quickly discussed.


 "Hmph, back then our Song clan spent so much resources and manpower to gain ownership of Ascending Heaven Plain and obtain Tian Nan’s true inheritance. This Qi Sea Ancestor wants to take the fruit of our labor just like that? Wishful thinking!"


 "I think it was inappropriate to reject him on the spot. We need to give Qi Sea Ancestor some respect, at least, we should listen to his offer."


 "No, Tian Nan’s true inheritance is not for sale! Even though our Song clan specializes in light path and water path, these two true inheritances are not outstanding compared to other super forces. But with this Tian Nan’s true inheritance, our success rate of refining Immortal Gu will rise sharply, the benefit for our clan is long lasting and immense."


 Song clan had been looking for a refinement path true inheritance all this time.


 The truth was, many Eastern Sea super forces were doing the same.


 Because Eastern Sea had the most abundant resources and immortal materials, once they had a high quality refinement path true inheritance, the amount of benefits they would gain far surpassed the other regions.


 "Tian Nan’s true inheritance belongs solely to Song clan, this advantage might not be clear in the following years, but after decades or centuries, our Song clan’s strength will definitely surpass the other super forces!"


 "But offending Qi Sea Ancestor like this might not be appropriate? Thinking about our current situation, after the qi tides settled, all sorts of inheritances emerged, us super forces have been competing for them. Once we get into a deadlock, Qi Sea Ancestor would make the decision as the leader of the Righteous Qi Alliance. We need to consider if Qi Sea Ancestor will become biased after this, when he makes a decision in the future, will he purposely strip away our benefits?"


 During this period of time, Qi Sea Ancestor was truly very busy.


 Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces joined his Righteous Qi Alliance, when they competed for true inheritances, it became the Righteous Qi Alliance’s internal affair.


 At some point, it became a trend to ask Qi Sea Ancestor to make the decision in a case of dispute, more and more forces started to find Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Fang Yuan had very profound political skills, Qi Sea Ancestor was able to make decisions that could satisfy both parties in the dispute most of the time.


 Thus, Qi Sea Ancestor’s reputation rose every day.


 Song clan’s Gu Immortal had such a worry, it was not strange.


 "We can satisfy any of his other requests, there is nothing wrong with improving our relationship with Qi Sea Ancestor. But he wanted Tian Nan’s true inheritance... how do I put this? Qi Sea Ancestor has a really keen sense, as expected of someone who could contest with Fang Yuan!"


 Earlier, Eastern Sea’s super forces were friendly to Qi Sea Ancestor, wanting to rely on him to resist Wu Shuai and the variant human alliance. But now, after the battle to pursue Fang Yuan, Qi Sea Ancestor was enemies with Fang Yuan, the attitude of many Eastern Sea forces including Song clan had changed a lot.


 "Song Xia Qi, when you rejected Qi Sea Ancestor, what did he do?" Song Qi Yuan asked.


 Song Xia Qi quickly replied: "He gave up very quickly, there was no change in his attitude. He is very understanding and magnanimous, he even asked me to drink his tea. That new qi path tea is really amazing!"


 Qi Sea Ancestor named his new tea triple layered qi tea. This tea was made using heaven qi, earth qi, and human qi.


 In the cup, heaven qi was at the top, resembling floating clouds. Human qi was condensed into a lump, resembling a pill that floated in the middle of the cup. Earth qi sank to the bottom, the fragrance of the tea was deeply concealed, only after it was drank would it emit the fragrance and leave a lingering aftertaste.


 After Song clan’s Gu Immortals heard the description, the unease in their hearts faded away slightly.


 "Qi Sea Ancestor is really magnanimous!"


 "Our Song clan has always been respectful to him."


 "Seeing his attitude, we should not have much to worry about. Even if he was angry, as the Righteous Qi Alliance Leader, he would not go overboard."


 "Tian Nan’s true inheritance concerns immense benefits, it will be the core inheritance of our clan in the future, we cannot lose it!"


 After the Song clan Gu Immortals discussed for a long time, they made up their minds — they would leave this as it is.



***
Chapter 2103 Song Clan Faces Disaster


***





 



 Several days later.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Dream realm.


 After an intense battle of life and death, the opponent in front of Meng Qiu Zhen finally fell to the ground.


 "I want to see who you really are!" Meng Qiu Zhen lost control of the body, he was acting as a young man who angrily went up and pulled off the opponent’s veil.


 But the appearance shocked the young man deeply.


 "Father, how can it be you?!" The young man shouted as his body trembled.


 The one who fell was his father, he smiled in satisfaction as he said: "My son, you did well. You’ve learned all the killer moves of our clan, but your heart lacks sufficient hatred and sadness. I have a terminal illness anyway, I cannot live for long, it is better to sacrifice myself for you."


 The young man broke into tears: "Father, why can’t we give up on hatred and live in seclusion? Why must we take revenge at all cost?"


 The young man’s father stared at him fixedly: "Our entire family was killed by the enemy, your mother, your grandparents, your younger brothers and sisters, they were all killed. This hatred is above anything else, how can we not take revenge?! Remember, your father died because of this. If you do not take revenge, my death will be in vain, I would have died because of you!"


 The young man’s body shook as he said in a hoarse voice: "Father..."


 He wept in pain as a pale blue flame started to burn around his body at this time.


 His father saw this flame as became very happy: "Good, good, good, such a powerful agony blue heart flame, it is enough to take our revenge, we can take revenge now..."


 Saying so, the young man’s father took his final breath.


 "Oh no." Meng Qiu Zhen cried out internally.


 Seeing his father’s death, the agony blue heart flame on the young man’ body expanded rapidly, it burned with at least ten times of the intensity as before!


 Meng Qiu Zhen’s soul was still in the dream, he instantly felt a surge of sadness, anger, and hatred, they poured into his heart like a torrential river.


 "I cannot lose myself! This is the hardest part of the dream realm." Meng Qiu Zhen desperately held on but he started to lose his grip in a few moments.


 Create dream!


 Without a choice, he immediately used a dream path immortal killer move to defend his soul.


 In a newly created dream within a dream, he was situated in a large room.


 The room broke out in flames, it was burning in blue flames.


 Meng Qiu Zhen quickly took action, extinguishing the fire all over the house, trying to save it.


 After a chaotic period, the fire started to dwindle, the sturdy house was also burned to a crisp, only an intact guest room was left.


 "I survived." Meng Qiu Zhen let out a breath of air, dispelling the killer move dream within dream as he returned to the original dream realm.


 The final hurdle of the dream realm was simply too fatal!


 Meng Qiu Zhen was almost engulfed by emotions, he nearly forgot about reality and the dream completely, submerging entirely into this dream.


 Of course, each time he explored a dream, his main body would stay outside to guard against any accidents, he would take action if something happened.


 This dream realm was finally passed.


 Together with the gains of the earlier few dream realms, Fang Yuan’s fire path attainment level reached great grandmaster!


 "Fire path attainment level reached great grandmaster, I can finally annex those fire path grotto-heavens in the two heavens. Looking at the time, Wu Shuai’s method should have activated already." Fang Yuan’s main body assessed.


 Immemorial two heavens.


 Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 On a vast grassland, there was red colored fire beard grass growing everywhere.


 It was harvest season, Gu Masters of the grotto-heaven started to use Gu worms to collect the fire beard grass.


 "Crack, crack..."


 From somewhere, a terrifying sound could be heard from below.


 The moment the Gu Masters sensed something, they were faced with a fatal threat.


 Countless ants came up from underground, some were finger-sized, some were large as carriages, the number of ants was uncountably large, they instantly engulfed the entire fire beard grassland.


 Skeleton grotto-heaven.


 "What is going on? What is going on?!" The grotto-heaven Gu Immortal in charge of raising the bone armor hounds was flustered and helpless.


 The thousand or so bone armor hounds that he was in charge of rearing started to growl in anguish, some were rolling on the ground, biting in a frenzy.


 The Gu Immortal had a pale expression: "Oh no, I’m finished. Granny said that I had to take care of these bone armor hounds with utmost carefulness, but I actually screwed up so badly!!"


 Some bone armor hounds started to die, a large number of ants crawled out of their corpses.


 The Gu Immortal gritted his teeth in anger: "So these ants are the cause of this! I want you all to... ugh!"


 The Gu Immortal was quickly shocked and uncertain.


 Because more and more ants came out of the bone armor hounds, some were even coming out from the ground.


 These ants were like raging tides, the size was growing rapidly, the Gu Immortal was very shocked. There was even Immortal Gu aura among them, the Gu Immortal did not dare to stay here, he quickly retreated.


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 Imperial Court.


 "Your Majesty, Chuzhou[1], Qingzhou, Lianzhou and other areas are experiencing ant plagues."


 "The ant plagues are too terrifying, in just half a day, hundreds of thousands of mortals died, a hundred cities got wiped out!"


 "Within the ant plague, there are rank six and seven immortal ants, all of the officials in the various provinces are troubled."


 The current dynasty’s emperor frowned with a solemn expression: "The ant plague is too vicious, it is not something we can resolve. The current matter at hand is to contact the Grotto Lord!"


 Song clan headquarters.


 "Grandpa, you’re so nice to me, thank you for the Immortal Gu!" Song Yi Shi held the rank six water path Immortal Gu in her hands as she spoke happily.


 Song clan’s first supreme elder Song Qi Yuan was her grandfather.


 At this moment, Song Qi Yuan looked at his beloved granddaughter, he said in concern: "Our clan is researching Tian Nan’s true inheritance, this water path Immortal Gu is our first success. But my dear granddaughter, don’t go around flaunting it, tell others that you captured this wild Immortal Gu by chance. Even though I am the first supreme elder, I cannot be openly biased towards you."


 "I get it, I get it." Song Yi Shi looked at the water path Immortal Gu in her hands with overflowing joy, while she was toying around with it in her hands, her face suddenly turned pale as she held her tummy.


 "So much pain, so painful!" She fell down weakly, her face had turned white like snow.


 Initially, only her stomach was hurting, but soon, the unbearably intense pain spread to her entire body.


 "My granddaughter, what’s happening?!" Song Qi Yuan was shocked, he quickly checked.


 At the next moment, Song Qi Yuan found that there were countless ants roaming around in Song Yi Shi’s body, devouring her flesh.


 The thing that made him even angrier was that these ants were actually eating away at her dao marks!


 "Such evil ants, such vicious methods!" Song Qi Yuan quickly made his move.


 A pure white light shrouded over Song Yi Shi, the light split into countless threads that entered her body, killing all of these ants in an instant.


 Song Qi Yuan cultivated light path, his attainment level was very high, he used his methods with great proficiency, easily suppressing the situation.


 But good times did not last long, soon, new ants grew out and continued to torture Song Yi Shi.


 Song Qi Yuan’s brows were tightly locked, he felt heartache at her plight but also deep anger, he soon realized the problem.


 It turned out that these new ants were emerging from Song Yi Shi’s immortal aperture!


 "My granddaughter, bear with the pain, take a look at your immortal aperture!" Song Qi Yuan tried to speak to her in a gentle tone.


 Song Yi Shi took a look at her immortal aperture as her face turned pale with shock, she cried with reddened eyes: "So, so many ants! Grandfather, my immortal aperture is going to be destroyed by these ants!!"


 The terrifying ant plagues spread around the many Gu Immortals of the Righteous Qi Alliance.


 The grotto-heavens of the two heavens were the main victims, Old Immortal Hua Yu, Granny Skeleton, and Fire Plain grotto-heaven’s owner were the main targets. Other than them, there were the Song clan, the Ruo Lai clan, and the Cai clan. As for the remaining Eastern Sea super forces, even though they faced the ant plague too, it was to a smaller extent, involving their external resource points.


 Once the ant plague appeared, it immediately received the attention of the entire Righteous Qi Alliance.


 "This ant plague is too strange, it is clearly targeting us!"


 "We didn’t find anything strange earlier, the variant human alliance is completely intact!!"


 "Such powerful ants, even an idiot knows that this is the work of Wu Shuai."


 "To think that Wu Shuai is just a mere clone of Fang Yuan, yet he has such a terrifyingly vicious method."


 The Righteous Qi Alliance soon found the culprit, they were furious and gathered to discuss it.


 Many of the victims displayed the ants in their territories. The aura of these ants varied from weak to strong, from mortal to immortal. They came in all sorts of shapes and sizes, there was no clear pattern.


 "These ants are very scary, the most terrifying thing is that they can devour dao marks to refine and raise their rank themselves!"


 "They are too hard to eliminate, we could not find any ant eggs."


 "And the biggest question now is, when did we get hit by this move?"


 The Gu Immortals discussed among themselves while Qi Sea Ancestor sat at the main seat, holding this session for them. He had a worried expression but he secretly admired Wu Shuai internally.


 "I’ve been trying to complete my combat system and create core killer moves. Thus, I asked the main body to get Sheng Tian true inheritance. To think that Wu Shuai has already gone one step further and innovated, creating an even more complex killer move, lingering poisonous ant plague."


 Qi Sea Ancestor knew some details.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s main body and Wu Shuai did not tell him, they were not keeping things a secret either. In their interactions, they exposed some details.


 It turned out that after Meng Qiu Zhen became an immortal and obtained multiple dream path Immortal Gu, his efficiency in exploring dream realms rose tremendously.


 Fang Yuan’s food path and poison path rose to grandmaster level. Clones shared his attainment levels, Wu Shuai used his quasi-supreme refinement path and enslavement path attainment levels, as well as wood path grandmaster, to create a qualitative change and make a breakthrough.


 Originally, Wu Shuai’s ants came from Green Ant Ascetic. Even though this method had great battle strength, a long time had passed since his era.


 This time, Wu Shuai referenced the killer move Qing Chou, on the basis of Green Ant Ascetic, he made a breakthrough and allowed his ants to devour dao marks to auto-refine themselves into higher ranks.


 But Wu Shuai’s main body could not use the move, only Fang Yuan’s main body could use it.


 Lingering poisonous ant plague was in essence a compound killer move comprising poison path, enslavement path, refinement path, wood path, and food path, it even expended unrestrained heavenly marks!


 This move had an incredibly powerful concealment effect, it began by using the advantage of poison path, possessing concealment and infectiousness. After the killer move’s dao marks infect the target’s immortal aperture, it would turn into miniature ants that devour the surroundings to grow stronger and increase in numbers. After they reach a certain size, they would turn into the terrifying ant plague.


 To completely get rid of the ant plague, one would need to eliminate the respective dao marks.


 But currently, the Righteous Qi Alliance had not found out this fact yet.


 Even if they knew, they would not have efficient methods to deal with this compound killer move either.


 [1] Actual cities in China.



***
Chapter 2104 Helpless Immortals


***





 



 In the hall at the bottom of qi sea.


 The representatives of the clans in the Righteous Qi Alliance gathered with many different wills, discussing on how to resolve the lingering poisonous ant plague.


 The ant plague had just been discovered, the clans did not have any good ideas.


 Thus gradually, their gazes shifted towards Qi Sea Ancestor.


 The grotto-heaven owners that resided in the two heavens were already gritting their teeth, they asked Qi Sea Ancestor to stand up for them.


 The ant plague harmed almost all the two heavens grotto-heavens’ Righteous Qi Alliance members, these people were considered closest to Qi Sea Ancestor, as for Eastern Sea’s forces, only Song clan, Ruo Lai clan, and Cai clan were affected.


 Thus, Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals deduced: "Did this method originate from the two heavens? Song clan, Ruo Lai clan, and Cai clan got hit by it because they have Ascending Heaven Plain?"


 Nobody suspected Qi Sea Ancestor to be the culprit.


 Because the ones who suffered the most were Qi Sea Ancestor’s closest allies in the Righteous Qi Alliance.


 After staying silent for a moment, Qi Sea Ancestor said: "We need to resolve this ant plague. In my opinion, this problem is even greater than the qi harvest fruit from before. As long as the qi harvest fruit does not explode, it would not damage the grotto-heaven. But this ant plague harms Gu Immortals and their foundations at all times."


 "Among us here, some have not encountered this problem. But if we do not try to resolve this now, nobody will be spared in the future!"


 The immortals in the hall were all very worried.


 Gu Immortals were astute people, everyone acknowledged Qi Sea Ancestor’s words. If not for this, they would not have gathered to discuss this so quickly.


 The ant plague was like a fire, even though it was only burning some people now, if it was not put out in time, everyone would be affected by it eventually.


 Qi Sea Ancestor continued: "Resolving this ant plague will not be like the qi harvest fruit problem. During that time, I could still try to solve it, but this ant plague does not concern qi path. Thus, we will have to rely on all of you, we must work together to get through this."


 "We need to gather the wisdom path Gu Immortals of the respective clans and make deductions together. During the process, if they need any Immortal Gu, killer move, a particular path’s Gu Immortal great expert, or even the help of a true inheritance, you need to provide it without holding back."


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s expression became increasingly solemn: "Even if we cannot resolve this, we need to be able to suppress and slow down the ant plague for now. If we cannot even suppress it, we will need to wage war on the variant human alliance again!"


 Qi Sea Ancestor spoke with a firm tone, his expression was very serious.


 The hall fell into silence.


 The Gu Immortals stopped talking.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s words made good sense.


 The terrifying part of the ant plague was that it consumed the foundation of the Gu Immortal.


 If it could not be restrained or stopped in time, the ant plague would grow increasingly strong while the Righteous Qi Alliance would became weakened severely.


 After a long time, a clear difference in strength would be apparent between the Righteous Qi Alliance and variant human alliance, if they did not attack early and deal with the variant human alliance, eventually, the Righteous Qi Alliance would not have the strength to contest the variant human alliance anymore!


 The killer move lingering poisonous ant plague involved many paths and even used up unrestrained heavenly marks. This killer move was at the strategic level, it had terrifying might.


 "But waging war on the variant human alliance? Isn’t that simply waging war on Gu Yue Fang Yuan and Wu Shuai?"


 "How can we be Fang Yuan’s match? Even Spectral Soul fell at his hands!"


 "But if we do not fight, are we going to wait for death?"


 "There is no longer an option for us, this demon Fang Yuan is too overbearing!"


 "No, even Heavenly Court could not do anything against Fang Yuan, even though our Righteous Qi Alliance has many members..."


 "Isn’t Fang Yuan also accumulating strength right now?"


 "Maybe we can get help from Heavenly Court?"


 "Hmph, Heavenly Court is not worthy of being the leader of the righteous path, our Lord Alliance Leader has already contacted them, wanting to work together to deal with the variant human alliance. They have been stalling with excuses."


 "In my opinion, the best situation is for us to work together and resolve this ant plague!"


 "Even though Fang Yuan is behind this, he has not taken action personally, this is his probe towards us. We need to perfectly resolve this ant plague and show him our strength!"


 The immortals in the hall discussed, they soon came to a consensus.


 They did not want an all-out battle to the death.


 Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals did not have the same nature as Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals.


 Furthermore, all of the clans were busy competing for the newly exposed true inheritances, they were too busy, why shouldn’t they strengthen themselves instead of pitting their lives against the enemies?


 For normal fights, they would be wins or losses, there was hope, that was why people would want to fight.


 But to fight against Fang Yuan to the death?


 It would not lead to the enemy’s death, they would certainly die themselves!


 All the Gu Immortals did not say this but they had the same opinion internally.


 Heavenly Court’s distressed state, Spectral Soul’s loss, all these proved that Fang Yuan had terrifying might and incredible craftiness.


 Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortals did not know that Spectral Soul’s main body was still around. In their eyes, Fang Yuan even managed to kill a former venerable, his strength was simply too much, his demonic might was unparalleled.


 Unless they had absolutely no choice, they did not want to provoke such a person!


 "In that case, let’s try to resolve the ant plague." Qi Sea Ancestor’s final sentence ended this meeting.


 The Righteous Qi Alliance started to put in effort to research on how to resolve this.


 But was the killer move lingering poisonous ant plague so simple?


 The more the Gu Immortals from the Righteous Qi Alliance researched, the less confident they got. Facing everyone’s expectations, even the wisdom path Gu Immortals doing the deductions felt increasing pressure as time passed.


 Days passed, they did not produce any good results.


 All the clans were unhappy, Qi Sea Ancestor also personally came to ask about it.


 The wisdom path Gu Immortals with Hua An at the lead had to ask: "Don’t be anxious, we have a discovery! The ant plague contains wood path profundity, these ants are able to grow while growing is a specialty of wood path. This is likely because Fang Yuan fought against Qing Chou and gained some inspiration from it."


 To be honest, these wisdom path Gu Immortals were quite impressive to have realized this.


 Thus, Eastern Sea’s wood path experts were brought over and participated in the research.


 There was no result again.


 The wisdom path and wood path Gu Immortals felt increasing pressure, they shouted: "Enslavement path, enslavement path! The ant plague contains enslavement path profundity, these ants are organized in an orderly manner, they work in unison to create a huge plague, this is the power of enslavement path."


 Thus, the Righteous Qi Alliance’s enslavement path experts also joined in the group and participated in the research.


 But the research still made no progress.


 The wisdom path, wood path, and enslavement path Gu Immortals could not stand the pressure, they shouted again: "We need poison path experts!"


 There were not many poison path experts but they still existed.


 Under everyone’s expectations, the poison path experts also joined in the research.


 "We also need food path experts! These ants have the ability to grow from devouring food." The researching Gu Immortals said in agreement.


 However, food path Gu Immortals were just too rare.


 After talking among themselves, the immortals had to invite the famous Eastern Sea lone immortal, Zui Xian Weng.


 Zui Xian Weng had many acquaintances, he had some sort of connection with most of the righteous path forces, but he was not currently in Eastern Sea.


 "We need refinement path as well! We found that the core of the ant plague is refinement path! Undoubtedly, after Fang Yuan obtained Lang Ya Sect, his refinement path attainment is too deep. These ants are able to devour dao marks and refine themselves into Immortal Gu, this is too shocking!"


 Eastern Sea’s clans quickly put in effort together, they sent most of their clan’s refinement path Gu Immortals over.


 With everyone’s collective effort, progress in the research was showing.


 These clans’ elites were really talented people.


 But they could not find the most important and fundamental result!


 Did this single move, lingering poisonous ant plague, overwhelm the entire Eastern Sea righteous path?


 That was the fact of the matter.


 This was simply unbelievable to the Righteous Qi Alliance’s Gu Immortals, but they had no choice but to admit it!


 Shen Cong Sheng said some words that showed deep wisdom: "At this point, I’ve already understood some things. That Fang Yuan has the sovereign immortal body, he cultivates all paths, he is an all-rounded genius. This compound killer move comprises poison path, wood path, refinement path, food path, and enslavement path profundities, he put the specialties of all these paths together in an intrinsic manner."


 "As for us? We can only cultivate one path, or two at most. If we cultivate poison path, we cannot understand wood path. if we cultivate wood path, we know nothing about food path. Because of this, even if we work together, we cannot solve this ant plague problem."


 Even now, the Righteous Qi Alliance had not discovered that lingering poisonous ant plague killer move also comprised heaven path profundity.


 However, nobody in history had ever cultivated heaven path, it was normal that they did not discover this.


 "How can a person cultivate every path like this?!"


 "Speaking of which, Spectral Soul is too useless. Shadow Sect and Zombie Alliance spent over a hundred thousand years of accumulation to refine a rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, but he actually lost it to Fang Yuan like this!!"


 "Creating compound killer moves is simply as easy as breathing for him. After some time passes from now, he is going to have even more new methods."


 "This demon only used one move to send us into panic and helplessness."


 "Why is it that our Eastern Sea has to be the one suffering from this number one demon’s method?!"


 The Righteous Qi Alliance could not find a solution, while venting their frustrations out loud, they felt disdain towards Spectral Soul, they felt increasing hatred towards Fang Yuan, along with dense wariness, they also felt helpless and tearful about their own fate.


 "In that case, let’s fight with them!" Qi Sea Ancestor surged with fighting spirit, he said with a firm tone.


 "Lord Alliance Leader, the situation has not reached that stage yet." A Gu Immortal immediately interjected.


 Qi Sea Ancestor sighed: "Our Righteous Qi Alliance’s losses have been severe these days, carrying on like this is pointless, we will fall into that vicious Fang Yuan’s trap. If we wait anymore, we will not have the strength to fight anymore."


 These days, the two heaven’s Gu Immortals suffered tremendous losses.


 Among Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces, Song clan, Cai clan, and Ruo Lai clan suffered the most losses. As for the other clans... even though the ant plague also affected them, it had just started for them after all.


 Thus, most of the righteous path clans did not want to wage war now.


 Of course, this situation was something that Fang Yuan intended for when he took action earlier!



***
Chapter 2105 Obtaining True Inheritances


***





 



 "We still have hope!"


 "We are not in a truly desperate situation yet."


 "That’s right, even though we gathered most of the elite Gu Immortals of our clans, we have not taken out our true inheritances for them to use as reference."


 "With these true inheritance contents, if we can come up with ideas together, there is a high chance of resolving the ant plague crisis!"


 Qi Sea Ancestor was silent for a while before nodding slowly: "The situation is very severe, I believe all of you know that even without me saying it. Thus, everyone needs to contribute their true inheritances, please show us your utmost sincerity! If anyone dares to hide their inheritance or conceal it, don’t blame me for taking matters into my own hands."


 "As long as we can get rid of the ant plague, the entire Righteous Qi Alliance will benefit. Everyone’s efforts will be rewarded and compensated, I believe that our contribution board would be the best answer to you!"


 To resolve the ant plague, all the clans started to make contributions.


 Hua clan took out their snake poison qi thread true inheritance, Nan Gong clan took out great profound true inheritance, Xie clan took out remnant leaves true inheritance, Su clan took out big belly true inheritance...


 Originally, even though Righteous Qi Alliance had a contribution board, there were few names on it.


 Before this, Qi Sea Ancestor also asked the clans to exchange inheritances and killer moves mutually, but these were all superficial exchanges. After all, if there was no need to, who would take out their unique inheritance to trade to others?


 But now, the situation was different.


 Not only did the contribution board’s length get longer, the intensity of the competition over rankings also rose, the names on the list moved up and down constantly.


 Different inheritance details had varying value, some were more precious than others, while some were hard to assess.


 But Qi Sea Ancestor was Fang Yuan’s clone, they shared attainment level, he had deep knowledge about this and gave all the clans’ inheritances an appropriate assessment of value.


 Even if the contributor was not happy with it, Qi Sea Ancestor would gather the immortals and discuss together, each time, his arguments would convince all the Gu Immortals and leave them unable to rebuke him.


 As this happened with increasing frequency, Qi Sea Ancestor’s prestige also rose as well.


 The Righteous Qi Alliance’s members were all in awe towards Qi Sea Ancestor’s wealth of knowledge.


 "First supreme elder, are we really handing over Tian Nan’s true inheritance?"


 "This is Tian Nan’s true inheritance after all!"


 "Back then, in order to get Ascending Heaven Plain and obtain this true inheritance, we spent so much effort and suffered immense hardship!"


 Song clan’s Gu Immortals went to find Song Qi Yuan, they were very unwilling.


 Song Qi Yuan sighed deeply as he said helplessly: "Can’t you see the current situation? It has gone out of our control. Everyone knows that we possess Tian Nan’s true inheritance, they have already been asking us to contribute it time and time again, even dragging it until now is our limit. Xia clan gave their molten casting true inheritance while Tang clan contributed their myriad fusion true inheritance, if we do not give them Tian Nan’s true inheritance, we will not be able to explain for ourselves. Everyone is looking at us now, who would let us off?"


 Song clan’s Gu Immortals turned silent.


 The situation had unknowingly gone out of their control.


 Initially, all the clans had good intentions, in order to avoid war and to resolve the ant plague, they contributed some true inheritances.


 Even though these true inheritances were of wood path, food path, and other relevant paths, they were not too important or valuable.


 But even if the value was not high, they were still ranked accordingly.


 Some people became higher ranked, some were lower ranked.


 If the difference was not obvious, so be it.


 But this contribution board indicated everyone’s contribution very clearly!


 The clans at the top would feel unhappy when they looked at it: "Why did we contribute so much while others make barely any contribution? Let alone the rest, doesn’t that clan have that true inheritance we need? Why are they still keeping silent? Look at us, we even gave up our important true inheritance!"


 With such pressure, those at the lower end of the list had to choose some inheritances to contribute.


 This way, the people at the bottom would go to the top, they would feel unhappy again. If they still ranked below the rest, they would be mocked at by the top contributors, they might even face humiliating criticism: "Is this all that your clan has? You can’t even give us anything good, you dare to call yourselves a super clan?"


 Gu Immortals were astute people, when they took out their inheritances, they would think of offering those with similar value, to make sure everyone had around the same ranking.


 But how could that happen?


 There were too many names on the contribution board, who could be certain that their inheritance was ’just about right’?


 And even if some Gu Immortals felt that it was about right, others would think differently.


 Even if everyone was happy about it, hehe, don’t forget who the person evaluating these inheritances was!


 Qi Sea Ancestor pretended to be regulating this exchange but he was creating problems for them secretly!


 Thus, all the different clans competed and mocked each other, the competition became intense. The clans started taking out more and more valuable inheritances, this led to the pain of loss, which turned into anger and unhappiness when they saw those people who contributed less than them.


 Thus, the situation got out of their control.


 All the clans had to take out their top tier true inheritances, Song clan was not the first one. And Tian Nan’s true inheritance was already an eyesore to some people, they wanted it to be contributed.


 "I’ve already given up this true inheritance, why is your Song clan keeping Tian Nan’s true inheritance, do you think this is the right thing to do?"


 "Hmph, my clan’s sacrifice is so big, I need to make sure Song clan suffers as well."


 "Song clan’s Tian Nan’s true inheritance definitely has huge value. Using this chance, we can obtain it easily while having a good reason for it, this is great!"


 All the clans had many Gu Immortals, these were all elites.


 The contribution of true inheritances became a competition, it turned into a political conflict between the clans, the Righteous Qi Alliance’s members were tearing at each other, while the biggest beneficiary was the high and mighty Qi Sea Ancestor who watched this spectacle from his main seat.


 Fang Yuan not only obtained Tian Nan’s true inheritance, he also got several other refinement path true inheritances.


 There were also some food path inheritances that he was interested in. 

 Undoubtedly, Eastern Sea was very rich, these super forces had very deep foundations.


 They definitely had even better things, but it was not wise to ask them for more. If the pressure intensified, it might backfire instead.


 What made the Righteous Qi Alliance slightly happier was that after the immense contributions, they finally saw some results.


 Even though they could not get rid of the lingering poisonous ant plague, there were methods that could restrict its growth now.


 Brainstorming was still an effective strategy.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s killer move was unique, with the hard work of the entire Eastern Sea righteous path, it was only a matter of time until they resolved it.


 Using one killer move to decimate the entire region’s righteous path was impossible to begin with.


 Killer moves were fixed, they had flaws, that was why Gu Immortals could improve upon them.


 Fang Yuan did not think this would work, his true motive was to get refinement path inheritances, everything else was an added bonus.


 He wanted to become venerable through refinement path!


 He had to become venerable to reach a qualitative change, that would give him the strength to resist Star Constellation, Giant Sun, and Spectral Soul.


 Of course, it was not that Fang Yuan could not snatch these inheritances using force.


 His current battle strength had surpassed the entire Eastern Sea righteous path.


 But the efficiency was just too low, how could it compare to the speed of their willing contribution? Also, true inheritances could be destroyed, it was a risky thing to do. And finally, it would waste Fang Yuan’s time and energy, his growth would become slower, Fang Yuan would also waste his luck.


 All these super forces had immense foundation and huge luck, fighting against them would expend his own luck.


 When he went to Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan would need to face venerable opponents, it was better to conserve his strength instead of wasting it.


 This was also why Fang Yuan made transactions with Southern Border’s Wu clan and Western Desert’s Fang clan.


 Fang Yuan’s main body soon got hold of the contents of Tian Nan’s true inheritance and the others.


 Among all the inheritances that the Righteous Qi Alliance took out, Tian Nan’s true inheritance had the highest value. Right now, on the contribution board, Song clan was placed at the top spot.


 Old Eccentric Tian Nan described his grand and maniacal ambitions in this true inheritance.


 He wanted to refine the immemorial two heavens and even the five regions, to turn them into his own external immortal aperture!


 There was no doubt about it, he failed.


 Even a venerable could only refine the dao marks of their own path in the outside world. Yet, Old Eccentric Tian Nan wanted to refine all the dao marks of the world.


 In Fang Yuan’s case, this was completely possible in theory. When Gu cultivators refine Gu, weren’t they just refining the relevant dao marks or dao fragments of the Gu?


 The biggest obstacle to Old Eccentric Tian Nan was none other than heaven path.


 He found that no matter what idea he came up with, he could not refine heaven path dao marks.


 Eventually, he found an extremely risky method but ended up failing. In historical records, Old Eccentric Tian Nan had an eccentric nature, he tried to refine the heavens and ended up dying as a result.


 It was said that being half a step ahead of the era was genius, while being one step ahead of the era was insanity.


 Old Eccentric Tian Nan was such a lunatic.


 Two million years passed and the eras progressed, one person who managed to resolve Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s biggest problem finally appeared.


 Limitless Demon Venerable!


 He succeeded in his heaven path refinement.


 Over a million years passed again, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable entered Crazed Demon Cave in his exploration, he obtained Limitless Demon Venerable’s method that could do this.


 Indeed, it was unrestrained heavenly mark.


 The unrestrained heavenly mark killer move that Lu Wei Yin gave to Fang Yuan had a long history, it was not created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, Paradise Earth merely modified it, the source was Limitless.


 And what surprised Fang Yuan was that in this Tian Nan’s true inheritance, there were Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s notes.


 It turned out that Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had also obtained Tian Nan’s true inheritance in Ascending Heaven Plain.


 Even though he learned the true inheritance’s details, he did not destroy it, he even made it more sturdy to pass on to the future generations.


 In his later years, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable returned here and added his own refinement path experience in Tian Nan’s true inheritance.


 "This old man Tian Nan is really daring, speaking of which, if I can refine the entire Heavenly Dao, that would be so cool!"


 "It is a pity that refinement path does not suit me, I still prefer close combat using my body."


 "But... I can make use of those remaining beastmen. Didn’t they want to use food path to claim victory? Hehehe, wishful thinking!"


 "They think I have not discovered that gluttonous demon frog."


 Using the notes, Fang Yuan saw that the mystery of the past history was unveiled to an extent.


 In historical records, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable used the lingering beastmen in his old age to create Reckless Savage grotto-heaven, he left behind his true inheritance inside it.


 It turned out that Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was using Tian Nan’s true inheritance to scheme against and make use of those beastmen’s methods instead.



***
Chapter 2106 Forcing A Rank Eight To Death


***





 



 The night wind howled in his ears.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord flew in immemorial white heaven.


 He concealed his traces as he moved, if others looked, they would only see a vague figure moving rapidly. The only thing was that the trail he moved on had high temperature, but wind soon blew the anomaly away.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord had rank eight cultivation level, but in an environment like immemorial white heaven, he still had to be very careful.


 If he acted more brazenly, he would cause immemorial desolate beasts to attack him.


 Especially those fire path immemorial desolate beasts, they had a huge interest in Fire Plain Grotto Lord.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord was not weak of course, but he was not in the frame of mind to bother with such problems. If he wanted to hunt immemorial desolate beasts in immemorial white heaven, he would need to plan and make preparations beforehand.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord rushed back to his grotto-heaven as he assessed his own body.


 The ant plague in his body had already been suppressed.


 Fire Plain grotto-heaven was affected long ago, the Gu Immortals in the grotto-heaven had also been hit by this vicious method.


 Poison path excelled in traits like concealment and infectiousness, the Righteous Qi Alliance was right to ask poison path experts to participate in the research.


 "The situation is stabilized at least, but Fire Plain grotto-heaven is still in deep trouble, we need a lot of contribution points to salvage it." Fire Plain Grotto Lord was very worried.


 Fire Plain grotto-heaven’s losses were severe this time.


 Inside the grotto-heaven, the largest fire beard grassland had perished, turning into ruins. The fire beard grass that had great vitality was gone without a trace, not even the roots were left.


 The vermilion flame wolves and red grass horses were also nearly extinct. The ant plague spared nothing, these wolves and horses were all eaten with no bones left behind.


 "Our losses are too severe, but we still need to spend a huge sum to salvage this disaster!" Fire Plain Grotto Lord frowned tightly.


 The Righteous Qi Alliance members paid such a huge price to research and gain some results that could suppress the lingering poisonous ant plague killer move.


 Even brothers became sensitive when it came to money, not to mention this Righteous Qi Alliance that had barely any cohesiveness.


 For the groups to survive and resist the powerful Fang Yuan, Wu Shuai, and the variant human alliance, they created the Righteous Qi Alliance.


 Eastern Sea’s righteous path paid a huge price for this, they would not allow the rest to use these gains without paying a cost.


 According to the rules set by Righteous Qi Alliance, Fire Plain Grotto Lord had to pay a huge amount of resources or use high quality true inheritances in exchange for contribution points, which could be used to save Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 But what else could he do except that?


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord sighed deeply in his heart.


 He was filled with worries towards the present and the future.


 "This is only the first move by that demon Fang Yuan! This is likely just a test, but our clan has already suffered greatly. He will definitely make a second or third attack."


 "Fang Yuan possesses the sovereign immortal aperture, he can annex rank eight grotto-heavens. Those grotto-heavens of the variant human alliance are dwindling, he has already annexed many of them. My clan’s Fire Plain grotto-heaven is definitely on his hunting list!"


 "Or more accurately speaking, all the grotto-heavens in the two heavens are now his prey."


 Ever since Fang Yuan annexed Grand Swine grotto-heaven and Time Difference grotto-heaven, he had not stopped annexing others.


 The variant human alliance had been subdued by him long ago, they could only watch as he annexed their grotto-heavens, helpless against Fang Yuan.


 Many were definitely furious that their homelands were annexed by Fang Yuan, but they did not dare to say anything in spite of their rage.


 The commotion from the annexing of the apertures was too great, it was impossible to hide.


 Therefore, Fire Plain Grotto Lord and others clearly were aware of this information.


 "The enemy is too powerful, our Righteous Qi Alliance is clearly at a disadvantage. If we cannot match them in combat, we can only place our advantage in development." Fire Plain Grotto Lord analyzed inwardly.


 The grotto-heavens of the two heavens had limited space, after countless years of development and accumulation, they had long since reached the point where they had no more development potential.


 However, Eastern Sea was vast and rich, even if all these grotto-heavens were added together, they could not compare to the size and wealth of Eastern Sea.


 This advantage was also the source of Righteous Qi Alliance’s confidence against the variant human alliance. Even though the latter occupied Xia clan’s territory, they only had a tiny area of Eastern Sea.


 In this aspect, the Righteous Qi Alliance had a clear advantage.


 "Fang Yuan can also tell that we have this advantage, thus he used the compound killer move to weaken us."


 "He is definitely not going to stop here, by then, us Gu Immortals of the two heavens will become his main targets."


 "Sigh! When will we finally be able to... hmm?!"


 Suddenly, the scene before Fire Plain Grotto Lord changed abruptly.


 The surroundings were covered in blue fog that trapped him in many layers.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord quickly stopped moving, he activated his defensive and investigative methods.


 At the next moment, his expression changed.


 "Battlefield killer move! Who are you, how dare you attack a member of the Righteous Qi Alliance! Come out, don’t try to act mysterious!" Fire Plain Grotto Lord shouted.


 But he only heard a wave of chuckling noises that resembled a child’s voice.


 The laughter spread around Fire Plain Grotto Lord, causing this rank eight Gu Immortal to be unable to discern where the voice was coming from.


 Suddenly!


 A child attacked him from the huge blue fog without any notice.


 He stretched out his chubby little arm and quickly grabbed at Fire Plain Grotto Lord’s back.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord had already used an investigative killer move, even though its range was restricted to less than half of the usual because of this battlefield killer move.


 But it was enough for Fire Plain Grotto Lord to detect this child’s action.


 However, Fire Plain Grotto Lord was still too slow, the mysterious child succeeded.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord grunted as he was hit by the move.


 Bam.


 At the next moment, Fire Plain Grotto Lord unleashed a fierce attack and sparks of flames burst out and slaughtered the mysterious child on the spot.


 The child died but there was no blood or flesh, he turned into a lump of blue fog.


 "This mysterious child is made from the battlefield, but thankfully, the attack is not strong. Still, my defensive killer move was weakened by this, it has half of its strength left!"


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord started to feel uneasy and anxious.


 He needed to break this battlefield killer move quickly, even if he could not, he had to create a hole and communicate with the outside world to seek help.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord started to use his methods, he attacked the surroundings and tried to break the battlefield.


 But it was useless, his methods were like harmless wind, the surrounding blue fog was endless and limitless.


 From time to time, mysterious children would appear from the blue fog, they were either male or female, having blue eyes. They surrounded Fire Plain Grotto Lord as they attacked continuously.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord was clearly able to detect their appearance but he could not stop them from attacking, each time, he got hit by them.


 "This seems to be a wisdom path battlefield! It is influencing my thoughts, causing me to act slower and slower, I cannot attack in advance to stop the children."


 While Fire Plain Grotto Lord was thinking, his expression suddenly changed.


 He felt that a fire path Immortal Gu was stolen by the children from his immortal aperture.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord quickly destroyed the child but the surrounding blue fog surged towards him, sweeping the exposed fire path Immortal Gu away.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord chased after it for a while but could not find anything.


 "Oh no! This is a theft path battlefield, these mysterious children can steal my immortal aperture’s Immortal Gu when they attack!!"


 "I cannot stay here anymore, it is too dangerous!"


 Originally, Fire Plain Grotto Lord felt that even though these mysterious children could not be guarded against, they were not strong, he could last a long time.


 But now, Fire Plain Grotto Lord became deeply shocked, his hair was standing on end, his expression turned very ugly.


 There was a pessimistic guess in his heart.


 "This is a compound battlefield of theft path and wisdom path, or at least, it definitely contains these two paths!"


 "I’ve never heard of such a compound killer move before."


 "If this is a new killer move, then the user is most likely..."


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord thought of a name.


 He could not help but shudder.


 Just this name alone made him break out in cold sweat.


 He wanted this guess to be wrong, but at the next moment, Fang Yuan’s figure slowly emerged.


 Life was this cruel after all.


 "Gu Yue Fang Yuan..." Fire Plain Grotto Lord took in a sharp breath, his eyes were staring wide as he looked at Fang Yuan in a daze.


 This was the number one demon in the world, he was smiling and appearing in front of him.


 "This is my new killer move, what do you think about it? Fire Plain Grotto Lord, obediently hand over your Immortal Gu and Fire Plain grotto-heaven, I might allow you to surrender." Fang Yuan said calmly, the surrounding blue fog concealed his body, making his smile even more peculiar and sinister.


 This battlefield killer move was Fang Yuan’s newest creation.


 Fang Yuan ventured into the territory of battlefield killer moves, the results were quite promising.


 This killer move used sneak attack Immortal Gu as the core, it was a compound battlefield killer move that contained wisdom path, theft path, refinement path, time path, and others.


 After getting the information of Fire Plain Grotto Lord’s route from Qi Sea Ancestor, Fang Yuan arranged an ambush here and used this method to test out the effect of his new killer move.


 "Gu Yue Fang Yuan, I am not your match. Let me... let me consider your request." Fire Plain Grotto Lord had a hoarse voice as he lowered his head.


 At the next moment, blazing flames started to burn around Fire Plain Grotto Lord’s body with a loud sound.


 Immortal killer move — Furious Red Heart Flames!


 "Fang Yuan!" Within the fire, Fire Plain Grotto Lord shouted: "Don’t force me! With just one thought, I can burn all of the Gu worms and resources in my immortal aperture."


 "Let me off! Give me a way out, let me leave the battlefield, I will hand my Gu worms to you." Fire Plain Grotto Lord said with a distorted expression.


 He knew that Fang Yuan was vicious and heartless, he tried to use this threat to survive.


 But Fang Yuan snorted coldly: "Do you think I care about those few Immortal Gu? Or even the resources in your immortal aperture? Hehe, go ahead and burn. Incinerate your entire immortal aperture if you can, that will be a show!"


 Fang Yuan did not take action personally, he vanished into the blue fog behind him.


 Next, a large number of blue eyed children jumped out and attacked Fire Plain Grotto Lord continuously.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord was extremely furious and sad as the children attacked him. After enduring for a few breaths of time, he growled in anger as the flames exploded around him, he had actually burned himself to a crisp!



***
Chapter 2107 Invading Fire Plain Grotto-Heaven


***





 



 An exposed immortal aperture floated in the air, its entrance was not open but it absorbed the surrounding heaven and earth qi, Fang Yuan easily grabbed onto it.


 His immortal killer move could capture and relocate immortal apertures, it had originated from Blazing Heaven Demoness’ fire hand killer move.


 Now, this method had been modified by Fang Yuan into a compound killer move, its power rose greatly, the effects were shocking.


 Next, Fang Yuan deactivated the compound battlefield killer move and used heaven and earth travel to leave the place.


 Soon, the immortal aura leaked and the surrounding ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts were attracted.


 Fang Yuan could not conceal his aura yet.


 It was not his expertise.


 After arriving at a safe location, Fang Yuan tossed Fire Plain Grotto Lord’s immortal aperture into the sky.


 This was a rank eight grotto-heaven, it could only be attached to the two heavens, it would not land in the five regions.


 After the grotto-heaven door opened, it took in heaven and earth qi and quickly settled into this location.


 But Fang Yuan did not move in, he only sent his immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals to scavenge the grotto-heaven.


 During this time, Fang Yuan annexed more grotto-heavens, his dao marks increased in numbers again, the amount was so much that if he entered this unstable grotto-heaven, he might cause it to burst.


 Soon, his Gu Immortals returned, there were no Immortal Gu and they only brought very few immortal materials.


 "Everywhere is burning, everything went up in flames."


 "These are the only resources left, lord, please forgive us!"


 "The newly born heavenly spirit is also trying to destroy everything in the grotto-heaven, this seems to be the obsession left by that rank eight Gu Immortal."


 His Gu Immortal subordinates reported.


 Fang Yuan did not mind this, he let them back into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 After the grotto-heaven stabilized, Fang Yuan would forcefully annex this grotto-heaven.


 Even if the heavenly spirit was unwilling to, Fang Yuan had a method to suppress the heavenly spirit, he had already modified it into a compound killer move.


 Fang Yuan’s ability at modifying compound killer moves was limited to only usual killer moves and battlefield killer moves.


 When using his usual killer moves and battlefield killer moves, all the Gu worms were inside Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture, with the amplification of the unrestrained heavenly marks, he could unleash the might of a compound killer move.


 As for ancient battle formations, Gu formations, and Immortal Gu Houses, their Gu worms were all in the outside world, without an environment of unrestrained heavenly marks, even if these methods were turned into compound killer moves, there would be no effect.


 As Fang Yuan annexed grotto-heavens, he thought about the battlefield killer move he used earlier.


 This killer move was not strong enough offensively, it was focused on combining theft path and wisdom path. But in actual combat, this battlefield killer move’s effect was not good.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord was just an ordinary rank eight Gu Immortal, but Fang Yuan only managed to steal one rank eight Immortal Gu from him.


 Immortal Gu were too easy to destroy, the Gu Immortal could destroy them with a single thought.


 Even if Fang Yuan exerted his wisdom path methods to the limit, he could only affect the thinking speed of rank eights, he could not stop all their thoughts.


 It was extremely difficult to reach that step.


 Unless there was a huge difference in actual strength.


 Fire Plain Grotto Lord was a rank eight Gu Immortal after all, he had many dao marks that naturally protected him. Furthermore, he also had decent defensive killer moves.


 In history, almost no wisdom path Gu Immortals could reach this step against other similarly ranked immortals.


 Looking at it carefully, certain people like Peeping Gentleman, Sect Leader Mei, Finger Deducing Steward and others had such achievements (many situations were unique and could not be replicated), but the total number was still less than five.


 Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was not in this list.


 Of course, nobody knew if she could reach this step, there were no clear records in history.


 This showed that it was extremely difficult to suppress all the thoughts of a similarly ranked expert and make them unable to resist at all, even if it was only for a short period.


 The strongest methods of wisdom path Gu Immortals against their enemies were still emotion based.


 Thought, will, emotion; these were the three main wisdom path cultivation aspects.


 In this case, Fang Yuan’s compound battlefield killer move did not have much value in actual use, it needed to be modified further.


 Even the best theories had to be tested in practice.


 Like a combat system.


 Creating a combat system out of nothing by simply staying in isolation was very difficult. There was a need for a powerful opponent or intense battle of life and death to test if a combat system was really superb or not.


 Thus, as Fang Yuan considered his own combat system these last days, he felt some gratitude towards people like Duke Long or Spectral Soul.


 Precisely because of them as reference, Fang Yuan had the qualifications to create his own combat system.


 After annexing this rank eight grotto-heaven, Fang Yuan’s fire path dao marks rose in numbers again.


 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied, he continued to move.


 This time, he placed his sights on Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 Immortal killer move — Heaven Form!


 Fang Yuan created a huge entrance into Fire Plain grotto-heaven through brute force.


 The heavenly spirit of Fire Plain grotto-heaven was a rabbit.


 Because it had devoured a nine heavens fragment before, the rabbit was dazed and slow. But now, it was jumping around, screeching in fear and panic.


 The Gu Immortals of Fire Plain grotto-heaven noticed this and became very uncertain and shocked.


 "The heavenly spirit is muddled but the past Grotto Lords have used the killer move humanly flame smoke to help it gain a bit of clarity compared to heavenly spirits of other grotto-heavens!"


 "As long as the grotto-heaven faces danger, the heavenly spirit will be uneasy, this is a warning for us."


 "When the ant plague occurred, the heavenly spirit became anxious already. In the grotto-heaven’s history, there were several disasters too, for example, when immemorial desolate beasts attacked or when enormous fires burned, the heavenly spirit became uneasy."


 "But we have never seen the heavenly spirit in such a wild mood, its voice even went hoarse from growling!"


 The immortals in Fire Plain grotto-heaven looked at the heavenly spirit with increasingly uneasiness as well.


 The heavenly spirit was becoming increasingly frenzied, its expression was fearful and it even slammed its head at the surrounding pillars.


 Unfortunately, the heavenly spirit was not a real rabbit, it would not faint from this no matter how hard it hit the pillar.


 "Go investigate! We need to get a result, we need to know what the danger is!"


 "This danger is very severe, it might lead our Fire Plain grotto-heaven into the brink of destruction!"


 "Quickly contact the Grotto Lord, only he can make the decisions in such a serious matter."


 "Is the ant plague going to continue intensifying?"


 Fire Plain grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals were very anxious, they quickly got to action.


 "Oh, oh no! Grotto lord’s life tablet Gu and soul lantern Gu have been destroyed!"


 "What?"


 "How is this possible?!"


 The immortals of Fire Plain grotto-heaven became dazed.


 Next, they found a huge hole in the sky.


 Fang Yuan used heaven form killer move without concealing himself, he came openly and grandly.


 If Fire Plain Grotto Lord was still alive, he might be able to use the entire grotto-heaven to resist Fang Yuan for some time while waiting for reinforcements.


 But now, he was already dead.


 "Fang Yuan, it’s Fang Yuan..." Seeing the person beyond the hole, many of Fire Plain grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals became anguished.


 "Why did this demon come for us?" Even more Gu Immortals turned pale as they shuddered with fright.


 "Grotto lord is dead, this demon Fang Yuan might likely be the culprit. What are we going to do?"


 "Everyone, we’ve already requested for help from Righteous Qi Alliance, now is the time we stake our lives and fight for survival!"


 "This is our home, the place where we were born and grew up in, our friends and family all live here. We cannot run! We cannot let that demon devour our homeland like this!!"


 After their initial panic, the immortals gathered their spirits and united to resist Fang Yuan.


 "It is a pity I cannot go inside now." Fang Yuan rubbed his chin as he thought, looking at the huge hole formed by heaven form, he could only stand outside.


 He had too many dao marks, according to his calculations, this Fire Plain grotto-heaven could not hold him either.


 As long as Fang Yuan went in, with the conflict of dao marks, countless cracks would spread from this hole, the fire path dao marks inside would be forced to squeeze to the surroundings.


 Seeing that the Gu Immortals were resolved to fight, Fang Yuan smiled coldly as they flew into the sky and attacked heaven form, he opened his immortal aperture.


 At almost the next moment, a group of Gu Immortals led by Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit flew out of the sovereign immortal aperture, charging into Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 Gu Immortals of both sides engaged in intense combat.


 At once, flames danged as lightning flashed. Figures flew around in the sky, clashing and parting, shock waves could be felt at intervals, killer moves were unleashed like fireworks, many Gu Immortals lost their lives amidst this beautiful show.


 Immortal killer move — Wondrous Hand Profound Sound!


 Fairy Miao Yin wore a pink dress, her two original arms were white like snow, the remaining six were translucent and pink, formed from her killer move.


 Profound sounds spread out, attacking her surroundings in all directions.


 Once Fairy Miao Yin appeared, she created a huge battlefield that enveloped three rank seven experts of Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 After several rounds, the three rank seven Gu Immortals got suppressed and fell into a disadvantage.


 Fairy Miao Yin disregarded immortal essence expenditure, there was a reason for her current desperate attitude. She was once captured by Shadow Sect, she had to work with them and provide clues about Fang Yuan for Fairy Zi Wei.


 There was a clear contrast between her and Lady White Rabbit, after returning to Fang Yuan, she knew she had to perform well to make up for her past mistakes.


 Fairy Miao Yin wanted to perform well, the other Gu Immortals had similar thoughts.


 Bing Yuan led the snowman Gu Immortals, she sent a wave of frost energy that froze the enemies. Shi Zong directed the rockman Gu Immortals as they unleashed a large number of falling meteors together, causing huge losses to the enemies. Inkman Gu Immortal Mo Tan Sang was a qi path cultivator, he waved his hands as a large number of qi gathered and moved, he attacked and caused a huge commotion, causing the enemy Gu Immortals to fall out of formation.


 Comparatively, the hairy man Gu Immortals were slightly weaker.


 After all, the hairy man Gu Immortals mostly cultivated refinement path.


 But there were exceptions to this.


 Golden Fur Immortal Monarch was covered in golden thread-like fur as he held a hammer and charged forward, he had ferocious might, raising the morale of others as well.


 Strange Hair Grotto Lord was covered in black hair, he activated the incomplete Immortal Gu House Black Emperor Building and rampaged all over the place, having already killed one Gu Immortal from Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 Their Golden Hair grotto-heaven and Strange Hair grotto-heaven had been annexed by Fang Yuan, becoming a part of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 As for Lang Ya Sect’s hairy man Gu Immortals, the best performance was from rank six Gu Immortal Twelfth Hair, he cultivated enslavement path secondarily and controlled multiple desolate beasts, creating quite a commotion.



***
Chapter 2108 Slaughtering A Hundred Million People


***





 



 There were mushroomman Gu Immortals as well.


 Even though the mushroomman blessed land had not been annexed by Fang Yuan, most of these mushroommen had already relocated into his sovereign immortal aperture. Ke Xin Hong was the strongest Gu Immortal among them, his poison path methods were extraordinary.


 It was not long before Fire Plain grotto-heaven started to lose on all ends.


 Not only did they have fewer numbers compared to Fang Yuan’s subordinates, even when rank sevens fought against each other, Fang Yuan’s subordinates were still stronger.


 As Fang Yuan’s subordinates attacked, they killed several more Gu Immortals of Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 In the end, the remaining Gu Immortals lost their morale, they wanted to surrender but Fang Yuan ordered for them to be killed regardless.


 Next, they cleaned up the battlefield.


 Fire Plain grotto-heaven cultivated fire path primarily, most of the immortal materials were also fire path.


 Even though some were lost due to the ant plague, because the grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals did their best to preserve the materials, there was still a large quantity of valuable resources.


 For example, there were twenty-eight charcoal lakes, distributed all over Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 Every charcoal lake’s location was meticulously calculated, there were huge advantages in placing them there.


 Fang Yuan had once constructed his own charcoal lake, but it was inferior to any single charcoal lake of Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 These charcoal lakes were self-producing, especially at the depths of the lakes, a large amount of immortal material fire charcoal was produced.


 Other than charcoal lakes, Fire Plain grotto-heaven also had a huge forest.


 Fire date forest!


 Fang Yuan even found several ancient desolate plant giant disaster blazing trees.


 This type of tree was covered in raging flames, nothing could get close to it. More impressively, this giant disaster blazing tree would cause bad luck to whatever life forms got close to it.


 This was an immortal material that contained fire path and luck path.


 The two heavens’ grotto-heavens of Fang Yuan’s subordinates contained a certain quantity of luck path immortal materials at minimum, Fire Plain grotto-heaven was no exception, it had luck path materials too.


 Other than these, Fang Yuan also gained a large amount of flames.


 The largest quantity was date flame.


 This flame was vermilion red in color, it was condensed into a lump and the fire was very well hidden within. Even though it was an immortal material, even a mortal could hold it with their hands without getting burned to ashes.


 Other than date flame, there was also phoenix song flame, black lantern blind fire, elephant tusk flame, firefly flame, flying flame, dragon snake dancing flame, and others.


 What disappointed Fang Yuan slightly was that even though there were many types of flames, there were none of the rank nine unique flames of heaven, earth, and human.


 The so-called three flames of heaven, earth, and human were the heaven flame bright light glorious ring fire, earth flame azure divine stone furnace fire, and human flame raging wave rising dragon fire.


 After collating the immortal materials, he looked at the Immortal Gu.


 There were very few Immortal Gu gained, he only obtained three.


 One was a fire path Immortal Gu that was heavily injured, it was a Gu worm that was let out, Bing Yuan was very fortunate to have obtained it.


 The other two were ant Immortal Gu, one was golden in color and large like a mountain, it resembled red copper. The other was small as a thumb, its body was extremely long, like a soft white noodle.


 The red copper immortal ant could spit out fireballs while the white noodle immortal ant could produce large numbers of ants.


 These were all the products of the lingering poisonous ant plague killer move.


 When ants devoured the Gu materials within Fire Plain grotto-heaven, they would continue to refine themselves. Those that were mortal Gu could be elevated into Immortal Gu.


 But Fang Yuan could not guess or estimate what Immortal Gu would be produced.


 From these two ants, he could still barely see their origin.


 The red copper fire ant should have been an arrow ant, its mouth could shoot out sharp spikes. After shooting three spikes, it would be weak, it would not be able to fight even a worker ant.


 The white noodle immortal ant should be a queen ant. It was huge and had no offensive or offensive methods, but it could rapidly produce worker ants, soldier ants, armor ants, arrow ants, and others.


 Army ants were just vicious insects in essence, but they could raise their strength, from being an ordinary beast, to beast king, to desolate beast, to ancient desolate beast and finally, to immemorial desolate beast level.


 This just was like the dark web spider in the River of Time which was an immemorial desolate beast, or the tiger-striped honey bee in > that was also an immemorial desolate beast.


 But after Wu Shuai’s modifications, these ants that the lingering poisonous ant plague produced had undergone a qualitative change, they all became Gu worms!


 Even though Gu worms also ate food, they were the hosts of dao mark fragments.


 The value of a mortal ant Gu far exceeded an ordinary ant or insect.


 These ant Gu were all tough and strong, they had intense vitality and fighting spirit. A hundred ant Gu could easily slaughter a hundred ants of the same rank.


 Most Gu worms had fragile bodies that could be easily crushed, but some also had tough exoskeletons and strong vitality.


 For example, the chainsaw golden centipede that Fang Yuan used in the past.


 The chainsaw golden centipede had two main advancement routes.


 One was the rank four chainsaw killer centipede, the other was the flying vajra centipede, having rank three, four, and five versions.


 When Gu Masters used these two Gu worms, the former could slaughter strong enemies while the latter could pierce bones and flesh, drilling into the enemies’ body.


 Even at Immortal Gu level, such Gu worms existed.


 Like the sword legged dragon centipede Gu.


 Rank seven sword legged dragon centipede Gu was seven li long, it had a centipede body and dragon head. Its countless limbs contained sword path dao marks, allowing it to carry tens of thousands of swords with it. Once it coiled around its prey, these sharp swords would attack from all directions, creating bloody holes in the ancient desolate beast, it was very fierce.


 Wu Shuai elevated the essence of his army ants from insect to Gu, they gained a huge amount of potential for growth.


 But this method had huge flaws.


 The first flaw was the immense expenditure. Originally, ants could breed themselves with just some resources expended. But to create ant Gu, Gu materials would be expended for the refinement. Other than that, ant Gu also needed to be fed. The price of feeding ant Gu was many times higher than raising normal ants!


 The second flaw was regarding the level of rank six and above.


 Because Immortal Gu were unique, even though there could be countless desolate level ants of the same variety, there could only be one Immortal Gu of each breed.


 If there were just a few ant Immortal Gu, then overall, the earlier army ants with desolate beasts would be easier to form and have greater overall strength as well.


 "However, if I use this method to cultivate them, the new army ants will also be able to expand greatly in numbers." Fang Yuan observed the red copper fire ant and white noodle queen ant as he thought.


 These two ants were Immortal Gu but Fang Yuan could not recreate them, he did not know their Immortal Gu recipes.


 These ant Gu had successfully ascended after devouring the Gu materials and immortal materials in Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 The ant plague was extremely huge, involving almost the entire grotto-heaven, but only two ant Immortal Gu were produced in the end.


 The killer move lingering poisonous ant plague contained refinement path profundity, it stood at the apex of the current world’s hairy man nature Gu refinement technique!


 Nature Gu refinement technique used the natural dao marks of the outside world to refine Gu and greatly raise the success rate.


 The moment Fang Yuan created lingering poisonous ant plague, his attainment in the nature Gu refinement technique already surpassed Long Hair Ancestor in every aspect!


 These ants could refine and ascend themselves, it was not just due to the Gu materials of the outside world, most importantly, Fang Yuan was expending his own unrestrained heavenly marks.


 Long Hair Ancestor did not have any unrestrained heavenly marks after all.


 "Using lingering poisonous ant plague, I can nurture a large number of ant Immortal Gu. As long as I have a large number of ant gu, if I expend a lot of resources, I will have a continuous stream of ant Immortal Gu produced. Even though Immortal Gu are unique, after obtaining red copper fire ant, I can still produce ant Gu like red copper water ant or yellow gold fire ant!"


 With just a slight difference, the Immortal Gu would still be considered unique.


 Fang Yuan made his deduction, he realized that the key obstacle to this was not the uniqueness of Immortal Gu but the resources needed.


 Using this method to nurture ant Immortal Gu had too high of an expenditure.


 Refining the two rank six Immortal Gu, red copper fire ant and white noodle queen ant, took so much in resources from Fire Plain grotto-heaven, it was sufficient to refine more than ten rank seven Immortal Gu normally.


 The efficiency of using the resources was too low!


 Other than immortal materials and Immortal Gu, there were also some Gu cultivation inheritances gained from taking down Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 The most valuable one was Fire Plain true inheritance.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not get it from Fire Plain Grotto Lord, there was the original copy in Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 Fire Plain true inheritance was a high quality fire path true inheritance, it had a profound method called furious red heart flames. Fire Plain Grotto Lord had used it before his death to threaten Fang Yuan to let him off, it was used in his suicide.


 There was also the killer move humanly flame smoke, this was a fire path killer move with human path effects. For Fang Yuan, it was quite valuable.


 "Lord, what do we do with these people?" A subordinate Gu Immortal asked.


 Fire Plain grotto-heaven was a human grotto-heaven, there were over a hundred million purebred humans here.


 If they were all moved into the sovereign immortal aperture, the burden would be immense.


 Fang Yuan thought about it and gave his orders plainly: "Kill them all to construct Human Sea."


 Thus, the variant human Gu Immortals took action and engaged in a merciless slaughter.


 A hundred million humans were all slaughtered, their bones, flesh, intestines, and soul were collected and classified into different groups of Gu materials, they were transported into the sovereign immortal aperture’s inventory.


 Their human qi was completely taken by Human Sea.


 This incomplete artificial secluded domain of heaven and earth was obtained from Xia clan by Fang Yuan.


 In order to become venerable, Fang Yuan would need to get past the Heavenly Dao blockade, these human path methods needed elevation to deal with it.


 After cleaning up the battlefield, Fang Yuan annexed the immortal apertures of all these Gu Immortals, before finally targeting Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 He moved most of the resources in the grotto-heaven into Mini Red Heaven.


 Because of his constant annexing recently, the sovereign immortal aperture had undergone a huge change, its development was currently at eighty percent!


 The sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu material inventory was completely full, more than ten more inventories were made in succession.


 Be they the mini nine heavens or the mini five regions, they all had many resource points in them, at least hundreds or thousands of them.


 After careful and meticulous deduction, Fang Yuan finally allocated all these resources to the most appropriate locations.


 "Mini Red Heaven is almost full as well, the sovereign immortal aperture feels packed now." Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 He felt that he was like a hungry fatty recently, he ate too much in a short period, he could not digest it well.


 Normally, Gu Immortals cultivated one path, their immortal aperture’s environment was quite simple and easy to manage. Most Gu Immortals did not have a huge immortal aperture, only space path Gu Immortals had the largest immortal apertures.


 Fang Yuan, however, was different.


 He cultivated all paths, the environment of his immortal aperture was very complex, almost all sorts of resources could be grown inside.


 At the same time, his sovereign immortal aperture was also the largest and most unprecedented aperture, even a venerable’s grotto-heaven might not be this big!


 Thus, there were many things that he had to consider during this development.



***
Chapter 2109 Wu Shuais Life In Danger


***





 



 Fire path resources could not be placed too closely with water path resources, otherwise, they would affect each other’s growth, not only would production shrink, they might even be destroyed.


 But isolating all fire path and water path resources was also not a good idea.


 Because fire path resource points also affected each other, they were not completely harmonious.


 There were also a lot of immortal materials which had two types of dao marks, like giant disaster blazing tree’s fire path and luck path.


 A lot of Gu cultivation resources had dao marks of two paths or more.


 Some resource points that produced immortal materials needed a lot of ordinary Gu materials in the vicinity for production to occur.


 Some resources needed specific wind or water to grow as well.


 There were also resources that needed an opposite environment. For example, frost ice flame was a fire path immortal material produced in an area of dense ice and snow path dao marks.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had prepared for this, long ago, when annexing immortal apertures, he had specially split them up into portions and placed them scattered over the sovereign immortal aperture.


 All in all, Fang Yuan was mimicking the characteristics of the five regions and nine heavens.


 For example, Mini Southern Border had many mountains, Fang Yuan chose to put earth path resources there most of the time.


 Or for example, Mini Red Heaven was fire based, so Fang Yuan placed his fire path resources there.


 Fang Yuan could now feel the intricacy of the distribution of the five regions and nine heavens. Using this design, most resources could be classified and arranged, it could greatly lower the need for him to make deductions, he could control the influence of these resource points on each other more easily.


 But it was not enough.


 Each time Fang Yuan annexed a grotto-heaven, he would gain dao marks of a certain path.


 With an increase of dao marks, there would be some influence for the following period of time on the entire sovereign immortal aperture.


 Earlier, when he annexed Qi Xiang grotto-heaven, the sovereign immortal aperture gained a huge boost of qi path dao marks, currents started to appear all over the immortal aperture. There was the largest quantity of heaven and earth qi, allowing the sovereign immortal aperture to have no need to open its entrance and absorb external heaven and earth qi for some time.


 After that, there were profound yin qi, luck qi, blood qi, astral qi, domination qi, life qi, death qi, righteous qi, orchid vitality qi, elderly qi, and other immortal materials.


 Dao marks affected the entire sovereign immortal aperture, allowing it to produce resources gradually from a blank state. It started with mortal Gu materials, after dao marks accumulated, a qualitative change would occur, becoming immortal level Gu materials.


 These resources were naturally formed as a result of dao marks.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was gradually filled up like this, it reached eighty percent development now.


 Other than resources, an increase in dao marks would also affect the production of existing resources.


 After annexing Fire Plain grotto-heaven and gaining a bunch of fire path dao marks, the entire temperature of the immortal aperture would rise gradually, many water path or wood path resource points would suffer as a result.


 If he gained metal path dao marks, a large amount of ores would appear in the soil, the fertility of the soil would change, affecting the growth of the vegetation above.


 If he gained water path dao marks, there would be more rain, over time, floods might occur.


 If he gained poison path dao marks, some plagues or diseases might erupt instead of being seasonal, they might spread widely and rapidly.


 If he gained transformation path dao marks, many lifeforms might mutate when they grow, some might have different forms or natures, causing problems to their original groups.


 Thus, during this period of time, the sovereign immortal aperture had not been peaceful.


 Many strange things occurred at random times occasionally.


 Like earlier, Mini Eastern Sea had eerie winds appearing out of nowhere.


 Profound eerie winds swept the area, causing small islands to form on the surface of the sea.


 But the area in which these profound eerie winds blew did not need islands, the earth path dao marks would obstruct the sea waves, while the soul path dao marks would kill the weak life forms and create soul beasts, changing the natural habitat.


 Fang Yuan initially suspected the two neighboring sea areas, they were right at the core of the profound eerie winds, they were very plausibly the source of them.


 But after some tests and deductions, Fang Yuan found that the reason was two far away sea areas, their dao marks influenced each other, like the repulsion of magnetic waves, causing profound eerie winds to be created between them.


 As for situations like wild beast mutation that caused problems to beast groups, the spread of plagues and diseases, the increase of ores that destroyed the homes of rockmen, the burning of forests for no apparent reason, the fall of ice shards from the sky and others, they happened continuously.


 All of the defending Gu Immortals were extremely busy, they went around taking action and salvaging the situation.


 Fang Yuan’s main body also took action frequently, setting up immortal formations at the important resource points, like he was patching up torn clothes.


 "The boost of dao marks carry uncertainty, only time can digest and assimilate such issues. I need to let the sovereign immortal aperture develop and naturally acclimatize to these situations."


 "Originally, the sovereign immortal aperture had a huge space and sparse resources, it was hard for them to affect each other. but now, after reaching eighty percent, there are too many resources that are closely packed together, their influence on each other is also not between two resources, but a large group of resources in the vicinity, they affect each other in a chain-like manner."


 "And worse is that I used Time Difference grotto-heaven’s method to construct year essence pools and created different time path regions. Because the areas have varying time flow, my deductions are even more complicated."


 "When I bring in more immortal materials in the future, the deduction difficulty will rise by a hundred times! It is beyond my capabilities." Such deduction difficulties were simply too high, Fang Yuan was helpless about it.


 "Furthermore, even if I can deduce the results, I will still need to modify the location of the respective resources. Each time I relocate them, it would be like a huge surgery, expending a lot of my resources, time, and energy."


 "I am afraid that eighty percent is my current limit!"


 After understanding this, Fang Yuan felt admiration when he looked at the five regions and two heavens.


 The five regions and two heavens had far larger space than the sovereign immortal aperture, but all of their resources were appropriately located, they influenced each other in a harmonious way.


 Even when the five regional walls vanished, when the earth veins merged, even after the heaven veins merged, these resource points were still unchanged, they were barely affected.


 "I see, this is — heaven path!"


 Fang Yuan’s body and mind shook intensely, at this moment, he could sense the law of balancing of heaven path deeply!


 "If my heaven path attainment level can rise to master level, I will be able to resolve this predicament and make a breakthrough, I can continue to develop the sovereign immortal aperture even further. What a pity, what a pity..."


 In history, nobody had ever cultivated heaven path, even though Limitless Demon Venerable created unrestrained heavenly mark, he was still a rule path cultivator. As for Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, he cultivated earth path.


 Fang Yuan might be the Gu cultivator who had the deepest venture into heaven path.


 Fang Yuan activated Cooking Luck Pot, inspecting his own luck.


 He saw that above the silver white pillar of light, there were still three clouds that were continuing to get larger.


 But the silver white light pillar that represented Fang Yuan forcefully grew to around four times the original size. It was originally thin and slim, but now it was slightly ’thicker’.


 This was caused by the annexation of Fire Plain grotto-heaven.


 Because Fire Plain Grotto Lord and Fire Plain grotto-heaven had their respective luck, after Fang Yuan killed and devoured the grotto-heavens, he also expended some of his own luck.


 After some time, Fang Yuan’s luck would recover and grow even thicker.


 In terms of the growth of luck, Fang Yuan was naturally the winner among them.


 "It seems that my tactic is correct, my development far surpasses the three venerables during this period. But..." Fang Yuan pondered.


 He acutely sensed that even though the silver white light pillar expanded to four times of the original, it was no longer as condensed as before, it was quite loose now, the light was also no longer as clear as before.


 "The reason why my silver white light pillar grew this much is because I annexed many grotto-heavens, my foundation rose sharply. Other than that, I also created and modified many compound killer moves, my time path clone also made many rank eight Immortal Gu."


 "But these things only reached a quantitative change, without qualitative change, it is still too loose."


 "For example, the sovereign immortal aperture is still very unstable, the resources are not assimilated into the environment yet, I’ve only used some methods to forcefully place them here. If I am careless, a disaster will occur, I will suffer huge losses and my luck will fall."


 "And even though I have many rank eight Immortal Gu and compound killer moves, I still do not have a proper combat system that perfectly uses them, I cannot link them together!"


 "Thus, the silver white light pillar is loose."


 Fang Yuan could feel the amazing aspect of luck path once again.


 Through luck inspection, not only could he understand his current circumstances, he could also inspect his own flaws and weaknesses.


 With this, he even had the direction that he was going to pursue next.


 Fang Yuan took a look at the luck of his clones as well.


 Qi Sea Ancestor, Zhan Bu Du, Meng Qiu Zhen, and the rest had increased luck.


 His connection with Fang Di Chang was also becoming clearer.


 But Wu Shuai’s dragon luck was not in good shape, it was actually near the brink of collapsing!


 "What is going on? Don’t tell me that after creating lingering poisonous ant plague, it actually led to a bad result?" Fang Yuan soon ruled out this guess, he was quite confused internally.


 Among his clones, Wu Shuai was the safest in terms of circumstances.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s true identity was a hidden threat.


 Meng Qiu Zhen faced danger when exploring dream realms.


 Zhan Bu Du had already been sent away by Fang Yuan to lurk elsewhere.


 Li Xiao Bai was a mortal Gu Master, he did not have much control over his situation.


 The time path clone made use of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool to refine a large number of rank eight Immortal Gu, yet he only had rank six cultivation level, if any accident occurs, he would die from backlash.


 Even though Wu Shuai was also trying to get stronger himself, his main responsibility was to manage the variant human alliance. How could he be in danger?


 And this was a fatal danger that could cost him his life!


 Central Continent.


 In an underground cave somewhere, an elderly Gu Immortal with a reddened nose laughed loudly: "I finally got here, I did not waste my effort for the last ten or so days without sleep!"


 There was a rank eight Gu Immortal true inheritance in front of him!


 The will that had been slumbering for a long time was awake, he looked at the elderly Gu Immortal: "If you want to obtain the true inheritance of myself and my wife, you need to agree to one condition."


 "What condition?" The elderly Gu Immortal squinted and asked.


 The Gu Immortal will sighed: "In my later years, I took in a traitorous disciple named Wu Shuai. He actually enslaved both me and my wife! If you want to obtain this true inheritance, you will need to shoulder the responsibility of taking revenge."



***
Chapter 2110 Golden Bottle Drunken Wine


***





 



 The elderly Gu Immortal’s eyelids twitched, he had a certain guess, he asked: "So you are Senior Green Ant Ascetic, your wife must be Senior Wine Fairy?"


 The Gu Immortal will nodded: "Indeed."


 The old Gu Immortal let out a breath of air: "To speak truthfully, this junior is a Gu Immortal of Eastern Sea, Zui Xian Weng, over a million years have passed since your death."


 The Gu Immortal will was slightly stunned before sighing: "Such a long time has passed... back then, to prevent that traitorous disciple from finding us, we specially hid our inheritance in an extremely concealed area, to think that it ended up like this, that traitorous disciple must have died already."


 After pausing for a while, the Gu Immortal will thought of something and said: "Wait, Zui Xian Weng, put away your defensive method, let me test the truth of your words. How can I know if you are not one of my traitorous disciple’s subordinates that came here to trick me?"


 Zui Xian Weng hesitated for a moment but did not attack immediately, he was not confident in dealing with the arrangements here.


 He spoke the truth: "I do not know if Wu Shuai is dead or not, but the situation is like this..."


 Zui Xian Weng quickly explained everything, Green Ant Ascetic’s will became stunned again, what in the world had happened?


 Was this still Heavenly Court?


 Fate Gu was actually destroyed!


 Gu Yue Fang Yuan!


 It was hard to imagine the existence of such a great demon in the world, truly a misfortune for the common people.


 Green Ant Ascetic’s will only accepted the facts after a long time.


 "To think that the world became like this after a million years. Fate Gu was destroyed, even Duke Long lost and died! Whether that Wu Shuai actually revived or if he is just Fang Yuan’s clone is no longer important, since that Fang Yuan inherited Dragon Palace, he will also inherit this grudge!" Green Ant Ascetic’s will said firmly.


 "So Zui Xian Weng, are you willing to oppose Fang Yuan for this true inheritance?" Green Ant’s will asked.


 Zui Xian Weng was silent for a long time before taking in a deep breath, gritting his teeth: "I am willing to do that!"


 "Alright, we will make the agreement."


 According to the instructions of Green Ant’s will, Zui Xian Weng made his vow.


 "Accept this inheritance, the two of us put all our effort into it, we created a killer move called golden bottle drunken wine!"


 "Golden bottle contains green ants, drunken wine dilutes dragon qi! Army ant was created by me, I hid the one weakness of these ants extremely deeply, that traitorous disciple had no idea all along."


 "As long as you use this golden bottle drunken wine killer move, you will be able to send the army ants into chaos and cause a backlash on the user. Most importantly, this is a food path killer move, it is hard to guard against!"


 "So senior has prepared for it." Zui Xian Weng’s eyes shined with bright light: "I cannot stay in this place for long, senior, please go into my immortal aperture, you can inform me of the remaining information later."


 "Okay." Green Ant’s will flew into Zui Xian Weng’s immortal aperture, the latter took all the inheritance away and left.


 Zui Xian Weng only took a glimpse of the inheritance details before feeling great joy internally.


 This inheritance contained Green Ant Ascetic’s enslavement path inheritance as well as Wine Fairy’s food path true inheritance. The value of the enslavement path true inheritance was not high for Zui Xian Weng, but the Wine Fairy true inheritance was simply too valuable to him.


 "It was not a waste of my effort to come here, it was worth it!" A smile appeared on Zui Xian Weng’s face.


 But the moment he left the place and arrived in the outside world, his expression immediately changed.


 A battlefield killer move had been set up, it activated at once and trapped Zui Xian Weng.


 "Heavenly Court! Qin Ding Ling!!" Zui Xian Weng was shocked to find out that Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were surrounding him.


 The leader was a female immortal, she had a tall nose, thin lips and eyes, a body covered in golden armor, her legs were long and smooth, she wore a white cape on her back, she radiated an elegant and noble aura, she had an air of indomitability!


 She was the current leader of Heavenly Court, rank eight luck path great expert, Qin Ding Ling!


 Zui Xian Weng’s heart sank to rock bottom, he broke out in cold sweat: "It seems that I will lose my life in this fight."


 Thoughts flashed rapidly in his mind, Zui Xian Weng gritted his teeth and cupped his fists: "I am willing to contribute all my inheritances, I will make contributions to the righteous path."


 Qin Ding Ling smiled brightly, emanating with heroic aura: "Green Ant Ascetic’s and Wine Fairy’s inheritances are good, but is our Heavenly Court so greedy? We are the righteous leaders of over three million years, the number one super force in the world. Since you had the fortune to find this inheritance, then it belongs to you. Please do us the honor, sit down and have a cup of tea."


 Saying so, Qin Ding Ling sat cross legged in the air, she took out cushions, a table, and cups.


 Zui Xian Weng sat down without a choice, Qin Ding Ling personally poured tea for him.


 Tea fragrance spread out, but Zui Xian Weng felt his heart turning cold as ice, his entire body was shivering, his cold sweat could not stop pouring.


 What status did Qin Ding Ling have, she was actually treating an Eastern Sea lone immortal like Zui Xian Weng in such a respectful manner? She certainly had huge motivations behind this.


 "Feel free to drink it." Qin Ding Ling stretched out her arm, smiling as she pointed.


 Zui Xian Weng had no choice but to take a sip, he immediately placed the cup down, he asked while faking calmness: "I wonder what Lady Qin wants to say to me?"


 The smile on Qin Ding Ling’s lips became even wider.


 She spoke casually: "Haven’t you already guessed my intention? Zui Xian Weng, you are a smart person."


 "No need to be so pessimistic, in the current world, even though demons have the upper hand, it is only temporary. Even throughout the history of millions of years, the righteous path has been dominant for most of the time, while the demonic path can only hide at some corners. We are currently in a special era, so some geniuses will wreak havoc, don’t think that they are domineering and overpowering, they are merely the pioneers that will pave a road for the venerables ahead."


 Zui Xian Weng lowered his head, not daring to make eye contact with Qin Ding Ling.


 His arms were placed on the table as he clenched them uncontrollably, his palms were covered in sweat.


 "In this tough situation, no matter what overbearing request Qin Ding Ling states, I have no choice but to agree to it." Zui Xian Weng sighed in his head with great sadness.


 But Qin Ding Ling took out some evidence immediately after: "Not long after, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will revive and return to Heavenly Court, she will lead the rise of Heavenly Court once again."


 Zui Xian Weng saw the evidence and became deeply shocked: "Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s revival?"


 Qin Ding Ling smiled: "Fate Gu has been destroyed, even venerables can be resurrected now. Demon Immortal Qi Jue is the best example now, but he has already been suppressed by my Heavenly Court. If even Demon Immortal Qi Jue can revive, how can our venerables not do so? Our Heavenly Court has three venerables, throughout the world, which super force can rival us?"


 Zui Xian Weng stared in a dumbfounded manner, thoughts started to collide rapidly in his mind.


 He had already decided to say yes, but after seeing proof of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s revival, the balance in his heart was tilted towards Heavenly Court.


 Even though Fang Yuan was strong as the number one demon, he only had pseudo venerable battle strength.


 He could not compare to a venerable.


 In the millions of years of human history, there had only been ten venerables, each one had shown their invincibility in their respective eras!


 Venerables were invincible!


 No matter how many pseudo venerables there were, they could not match a venerable in the end.


 While Heavenly Court had the most number of venerables — Primordial Origin, Star Constellation, Genesis Lotus! Other than that, the only other super force that had a venerable was Longevity Heaven.


 Zui Xian Weng’s expression became calm gradually.


 "I am willing to work for Heavenly Court!" He said in a solemn tone: "Let’s set the agreement."


 Qin Ding Ling shook her hands: "No need for that. With that Fang Yuan’s ability, he will notice if we make an agreement. Furthermore, you need to return to Eastern Sea and join the Righteous Qi Alliance."


 "We will not set an agreement?" Zui Xian Weng was stunned.


 Qin Ding Ling added: "Write me a copy of the true inheritance, Heavenly Court will try to provide you the relevant Immortal Gu."


 Zui Xian Weng was stunned again, he sighed in his heart: "No agreement and they are also giving me Immortal Gu?"


 Qin Ding Ling waved her hand again: "You can leave now."


 "This subordinate takes his leave." Zui Xian Weng left the battlefield with completely stunned emotions.


 It was truly unbelievable.


 He was freed just like that!


 What Zui Xian Weng felt was deep admiration.


 He started to admire Heavenly Court from the depths of his heart!


 "This is the calibre of the number one force in the world! Qin Ding Ling is not afraid that I will not follow the agreement. With this attitude, she clearly doesn’t think much of the inheritance, I am merely just one of her casual pawns. If I do not follow the agreement in the future, unlike Fang Yuan, can’t Heavenly Court easily deal with me?"


 Zui Xian Weng was filled with a chilly feeling internally.


 While watching him leave, Fang Zheng could not help but ask: "Lady Qin Ding Ling, we’re letting him go like this? What if he goes to join Fang Yuan and betrays us? Wouldn’t we be giving this inheritance to Fang Yuan as well? Are we going to give up this method to counter Wu Shuai?"


 Fang Zheng was very familiar with the content of the inheritance.


 It turned out that Heavenly Court had found this inheritance long ago, but before taking it, Qin Ding Ling had some intuition. Her instincts told her to not take the inheritance, it would be better to make her move three days later.


 Qin Ding Ling followed her instincts and waited for three days, finally trapping Zui Xian Weng.


 At this point, she realized the meaning behind her intuition.


 Qin Ding Ling smiled: "Fang Yuan possesses the sovereign immortal aperture and has annexed many grotto-heavens, he even has Paradise Earth’s inheritor and the variant human alliance under him, we cannot estimate the speed of his growth at all. If we set an agreement with Zui Xian Weng, it will leave a huge piece of evidence behind."


 "However, when Zui Xian Weng drank the tea, I had already used my method to influence his luck. This will cause him to become enemies with Fang Yuan without doubt."


 Fang Zheng was not convinced, he held onto his beliefs: "Even so, I feel that we should gain a complete hold of this inheritance and use it as a trump card against Fang Yuan. This Zui Xian Weng is just a lone cultivator of Eastern Sea..."


 Qin Ding Ling chuckled: "You are underestimating Zui Xian Weng while also overestimating the value of this inheritance."


 "Zui Xian Weng is a person who can endure hardship, he is a wise man who knows his circumstances, he possesses one of the three pools in the world, Wine Pool, he is a food path expert. The inheritance of his lineage has always been passed down very stably, while his luck is also very deep and sturdy!"


 "Food path is powerful, while Zui Xian Weng cultivates food path solely, he can almost be considered a representative figure of this path. This has significant meaning!"


 "As for this inheritance?" Qin Ding Ling shook her head: "In my opinion, the most valuable thing is not the killer move golden bottle drunken wine, but that human path wine drinker Immortal Gu recipe."


 This inheritance that Green Ant Ascetic and Wine Fairy created together contained a human path Immortal Gu recipe.


 Wine drinker Gu.


 Similar to hero Gu, scholar Gu, craftsman Gu, and farmer Gu, except that it was not at the mortal level, it was an Immortal Gu!



***
Chapter 2111 Beast Tamer Gu


***





 



 Fang Zheng blinked a few times, having understood something: "You mean to say that even if golden bottle drunken wine is effective and kills Wu Shuai successfully, he is still just a clone of Fang Yuan’s, it will not truly shake his foundation. Right now, with Dragon Palace destroyed, Wu Shuai’s biggest use is gone."


 "Meanwhile, the wine drinker Immortal Gu recipe is the symbol of human path prosperity, it will be the path that our Heavenly Court will focus on in the future!"


 Qin Ding Ling patted Fang Zheng’s shoulder: "You have learned well!"


 "No matter how strong Fang Yuan is, he is not a threat unless he becomes venerable."


 "Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has already succeeded in Crazed Demon Cave, the most urgent matter is to bring her back now. No matter how great of a commotion Fang Yuan causes, he is just like a cicada’s cry at the end of autumn, he has few days remaining."


 "I am not Fang Yuan’s match while Heavenly Court cannot afford another loss, thus, I have been dragging on the matter about the Eastern Sea Righteous Qi Alliance."


 "Right now, we need to put in effort for the Crazed Demon Cave battle. It will not be easy to bring back our venerable, we need to conserve strength and prioritize on that."


 "As long as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable returns to Heavenly Court, even ten of Fang Yuan added together cannot cause any problems for us."


 "Yes, you are absolutely right!" Fang Zheng did not refute nor hold any suspicions towards Qin Ding Ling’s plan.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already proven her strength in history!


 She had succeeded Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s position and stabilized the fruits of humanity’s labor, she expanded on the prosperity of humanity by getting involved in the other four regions. Before dying, she plotted against three Demon Venerables and preserved Heavenly Court when they attacked, she was truly a great and noble contributor.


 Fang Zheng sighed internally: "Fang Yuan, I am not your match. Right now, even Heavenly Court is inferior, but someone can deal with you in the end. Throughout history, evil has never prevailed! If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable makes a move, can you stop her? You are already finished, even though I understand you, I will not pity you. You deserve a bitter end, this is the price to pay for all the sins you have committed!"


 Fang Yuan inspected the inheritance in his hand.


 He read through it rapidly.


 With Meng Qiu Zhen exploring dream realms for him, all of his attainment levels were rising shockingly.


 Using these attainment levels, all sorts of inheritances felt shallow in his eyes. Only a small number could give him a decent surprise at times.


 These inheritances mostly came from Qi Sea Ancestor and the variant human alliance.


 Because of the qi tides, Eastern Sea’s exposed inheritances were mostly gathered into Fang Yuan’s hands now.


 Of course, there were still some excellent inheritances that were kept secret by the lucky forces not contributing them.


 But Fang Yuan did not mind it.


 At his current level, most inheritances in the world had little to no value from his perspective. His attainment was too high, in just a few breaths of time, he could create a superb inheritance himself.


 These inheritances were merely a small supplement to his theories and knowledge base.


 "Treasure yellow heaven also has inheritance transactions, this is really a rare sight." Fang Yuan suddenly thought of something, he could transact most of these inheritances that he currently had.


 What was the point of transactions? It was to exchange with others for some things that you were more suitable with, in order to cultivate more smoothly.


 Because doing this had benefits for Fang Yuan to become venerable.


 One of the four venerable ascension conditions was to break through the Heavenly Dao blockade.


 The Heavenly Dao sought balance and suppressed Gu Immortals and venerables. The more widely spread these inheritances were, the stronger the cultivators would become, and the more effort the Heavenly Dao would need to suppress them.


 This way, when Fang Yuan reaches a crucial moment in his venerable ascension, the Heavenly Dao blockade that obstructed him would fall in strength relatively.


 This point was proven by historical records as well.


 During the ten venerables’ eras, countless geniuses emerged one after another, grand heroes existed at the same time, being as numerous as the stars in the sky!


 "To breakthrough the Heavenly Dao blockade, other than luck path, there is also human path. Divine Emperor City is the sacred land of human path, if I can obtain the human path essence inside it, it will help me greatly!" Fang Yuan thought.


 Divine Emperor City, painting world.


 In a market within the city, people gathered together to watch the performance at the center of the square.


 A middle aged man with a muscular body wore beast skin clothing and held a leather whip in his hands as he swung it.


 As the leather whip moved, it emitted cracking sounds.


 A leopard danced around on the ground while following the tune of the whip.


 The middle aged man suddenly stored his whip, he placed his head into the leopard’s huge mouth.


 The leopard opened its mouth widely, its teeth were sharp as blades, only millimeters away from the man’s skull.


 The surrounding audience gasped loudly.


 But the leopard did not bite it, after waiting for some time, the middle aged man moved his head out again.


 Immediately, applause resounded.


 The middle aged man took out a bronze bowl and walked around the audience while holding it.


 He moved quickly as he raised the bowl, shouting: "Friends, if you have money, please support me, otherwise, please help to promote my performance. Haha, if you think this was enjoyable, don’t hesitate to give some tips."


 The middle aged man’s entertaining performance was well liked by the audience, a large number of primeval stones were tossed into the bronze bowl as they emitted sharp sounds.


 Not far away, a human path great expert, Eastern Sea’s rank eight Gu Immortal Shen Shang, watched with a stunned expression.


 "This is the reason why I got you to come here." Fang Di Chang said, as he sat beside Shen Shang and drank tea.


 Shen Shang finally retracted his gaze.


 "Amazing, amazing!" He praised uncontrollably: "This Divine Emperor City painting world is really amazing."


 The middle aged man was a beast tamer, this profession had never existed in the painting world before. But after the ten children of human path led their troops to explore growling beast painting world and returned in failure, they recuperated for some time and this profession appeared.


 In the market, in addition to hero Gu, scholar Gu, soldier Gu, and craftsman Gu, there was a new type of Gu — beast tamer Gu!


 Once beast tamer Gu was activated, it could turn into a beast tamer.


 Beast tamers were specialized to deal with wild beasts, they were more proficient at taming wild beasts to use for themselves.


 Evidently, this new beast tamer Gu was created to deal with growling beast painting world!


 "Who created this new Gu worm?" Shen Shang asked.


 Fang Di Chang shook his head: "Beast tamer Gu appeared so naturally, I did my best to investigate but I found no specific targets."


 Shen Shang nodded: "Your Beggar Sect is the strongest information collection organization in here. It might not be a person, it might be this painting world itself or Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s arrangement."


 Fang Di Chang took in a breath of human will Gu to replenish himself before saying: "Now that beast tamer Gu has appeared, growling beast painting world will be at a disadvantage, it is only a matter of time until it is taken down. The scariest part of human path likely lies here. I underestimated this path after all."


 Shen Shang moved his fingers around the cup as he concluded: "Now it seems that there are three types of human path Gu worms. The first are profession Gu, for example, craftsman Gu, hero Gu, and beast tamer Gu. The second are organizational position Gu, for example your beggar sect Gu and sect elder Gu. The third type are human emotion and virtue Gu, for example, traveling son Gu and doting mother Gu."


 "Human emotion and virtue Gu? Brother Shen, it seems that you have made great progress in your cultivation recently, that is an appropriate classification." Fang Di Chang congratulated.


 Shen Shang waved his hand: "I am ashamed, that is merely a classification of my own opinion."


 Traveling son Gu and doting mother Gu were once regarded as emotion path Gu worms, but in essence, they were actually human path.


 This was quite a common sight in history as well.


 The essence of Gu worms usually only showed itself after the path progressed to a certain level.


 "The painting world is really the sacred land of human path, I am feeling quite expectant now. When the ten children of human path leave this place and bring human path to the world of the five regions, I wonder how big the commotion will be, many different Gu worms will be classified into human path by then."


 Shen Shang said with deep emotions: "I believe that many human path Gu worms scattered and forgotten somewhere in the world will gain recognition from people once again."


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had truly made a noble achievement!


 Before him, human path was like the leaves on a tree, it only concerned a small individual group of cultivators.


 But Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable created the painting world, he held up the tree of human path and supported its trunk, allowing it to grow and nurture.


 Human path was no longer empty internally, it was a complete path now. It had most of the foundational roots and sturdy roots, it even had countless leaves on it.


 Fang Di Chang did not speak, he was feeling increasingly worried in his heart.


 Even though he had not gotten a clear understanding of Divine Emperor City and the painting world’s profundities, there was already something that was certain to him.


 Human path was bound to prosper, Heavenly Court had already started to focus on developing this path!


 "I am afraid that developing human path has become Heavenly Court’s main strategy! This path is not simple, what should my main body do now? He might not even know this yet, I am only a lump of will that is barely surviving. How can I inform my main body of this crucial information?"


 With the destruction of fate Gu, anything could happen in the world.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already revived, the Prophecy of Three Venerables was no longer certain, human path and food path had the chance of prospering in this new era.


 Dream path was mentioned in the Prophecy of Three Venerables, it was originally the fated path that was meant to prosper or even rule over this new era!


 In the past, human path was something that only venerables or individuals with great talent could comprehend. But after Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable strengthened its roots and foundation, human path was already suitable for everyone to cultivate. Heavenly Court owned Divine Emperor City, this was a huge advantage in itself.


 As for food path, this path was created in the Olden Antiquity Era and had never been widely spread. Now, without the restriction of Fate, it also started to show signs of prosperity.


 The entire world had gone chaotic because of Fang Yuan.


 The dead were reviving, secluded paths were now starting to prosper.


 As for the future?


 Fang Di Chang shook his head, the future was too complex and uncertain, he could not see clearly beyond this chaos.


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 Hei Lou Lan was summoned by Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 "Hei Lou Lan, my descendant, it is now time for you to risk your life." Immortal Zombie Giant Sun got right to the point: "You want to surpass that Gu Yue Fang Yuan? Now is your chance! Go into Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven."



***
Chapter 2112 Totem Killer Move


***





 



 Hei Lou Lan woke up and opened her eyes in a daze.


 "Where... is this?" Her blurry vision started to clear up, she found that she was lying on a stone bed.


 Around the stone bed, there was a large tent made of skin.


 At the center of the tent, there was a huge pot hanging on a metal rack.


 The pot was bubbling and seemingly contained boiling soup. At the bottom of the pot, there was a red rat spewing fire continuously.


 "You woke up?" The flap of the tent was pulled aside as a person walked in.


 This was a beautiful middle aged woman, her clothes were quite simple, she had a beast skin top and skirt, her shoulders, tummy, and half of her breasts were exposed.


 On her chest and back, there was a blue phoenix tattoo, not only was it very vivid and lively, it even emitted a faint blue light.


 Hei Lou Lan struggled and managed to sit up.


 During the process, she found that her clothes had been changed as well, it was the same as the middle aged woman, having a wild and brutish style.


 "I am Desolate Extremity Lu Tong Lan, you are now inside Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven." The middle aged woman smiled as she walked towards Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan had fully woken up now.


 Longevity Heaven had the Eight Extremities, their names were Heaven, Earth, Black, Yellow, Space, Time, Flood and Desolate respectively. Black Extremity was Sun Ming Lu, he cultivated formation path. This woman in front of her was Desolate Extremity, she had been staying within Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven.


 "Lady Lu, what should I do?" Hei Lou Lan inquired. Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had only told her to listen to Desolate Extremity’s instructions after arriving here.


 Lu Tong Lan smiled: "In here, you should call me Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader. Your current identity is my illegitimate daughter, I birthed you long ago and left you outside. Recently, when relocating the tribe, I found you by accident and brought you back."


 "Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven has countless tribes, we coexist with the beasts, it is very different from the five regions. Every ten thousand years, all the tribes would gather and hold the Myriad Tribes Ceremony. This is your fortuitous encounter!"


 "Alright, now, you need to start drinking soup."


 Lu Tong Lan scooped a huge bowl of hot soup and passed it to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan sat at the side of the bed, she held the hot metal bowl, the fragrance of food drifted into her nose.


 She was currently hungry, she immediately drank a large mouthful.


 But when the soup entered her mouth, it had a peculiar and spicy taste, it was not nice at all!


 "Cough cough!" Hei Lou Lan was not prepared for this, she almost gagged on reflex.


 But Lu Tong Lan had a solemn expression: "Drink it, this soup is extremely important for you, you need to finish every single drop of it in the pot. Drink."


 Hei Lou Lan knew that this was Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s arrangement, she frowned as she drank one bowl, followed by another.


 By the third bowl, she could not take it anymore, her stomach was bloated and painful.


 Lu Tong Lan had been guarding her the entire time, seeing this, she nodded: "Stop here for now, your body is at its limit."


 Hei Lou Lan started to experience diarrhea, it was very serious, she almost went weak from it.


 But Lu Tong Lan did not let her off, even though Hei Lou Lan was lying down in a weak state, Lu Tong Lan brought the bowl over and poured the hot soup into her mouth.


 Hei Lou Lan drank as the diarrhea intensified, she felt extremely terrible.


 "What is the point of drinking this soup?" Hei Lou Lan asked.


 Lu Tong Lan answered: "Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven is different from the five regions, those who succeed in life are those who can eat well. I specially prepared this soup for you to expand your appetite. During the process of having diarrhea, your body is adapting to it. Even though it is initially very severe and seems nearly fatal, the symptoms will gradually become lighter. In less than three days, you will be back to normal and feel extremely hungry."


 Hei Lou Lan stayed in the stone bed for two days and nights before regaining her strength, she could barely walk again.


 By the third day, like what Lu Tong Lan had said, she recovered her strength and the diarrhea was gone, her appetite increased and her stomach growled since the early morning.


 Lu Tong Lan cooked soup for Hei Lou Lan again.


 "This is meat soup, it is different from before." Lu Tong Lan said while taking out five to six rats and tossed them into the pot.


 The rat struggled in the pot, squeaking loudly.


 Lu Tong Lan’s expression did not change, she took out several poisonous snakes of various colors, tossing them into the pot.


 The snakes and rats gradually melted in the soup, floating at the top like colorful mud.


 Lu Tong Lan took out several black rocks that resembled charcoal and tossed them inside as well.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyelids were twitching at first, but soon she understood certain details.


 "Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader, are you refining Gu?" Hei Lou Lan asked in curiosity, she saw that when making the soup, Lu Tong Lan used many refinement path techniques.


 Lu Tong Lan continued to cook the soup as she smiled and said: "Hei Lou Lan, you are quite perceptive. This snake-rat soup is already done."


 Hei Lou Lan was stunned, she watched as Lu Tong Lan stopped cooking the soup.


 "Did the Gu refinement fail? This is a pity." Hei Lou Lan said: "After all, the snakes and rats used earlier were ancient desolate beasts."


 But Lu Tong Lan shook her head: "I said before, I am brewing soup, not refining Gu. The snake-rat soup is very perfect, you need to drink it all."


 "What?" Hei Lou Lan was stunned again.


 Lu Tong Lan scooped a huge bowl of soup and passed it to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan drank a mouthful and frowned immediately, this soup was ten times as disgusting as the diarrhea soup earlier! With just one mouthful, her entire tongue went numb, even her throat was gradually becoming numb.


 By the time she finished the hot soup, her entire body expanded like a balloon, even her skin and flesh were bloated, hair started to grow on her body rapidly.


 The hair grew extremely quickly, after a few minutes, Hei Lou Lan’s hair almost filled the entire tent.


 And the hair had various colors.


 Red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, purple, white, black, there were various colors of differing quantity, none of them were the same.


 Lu Tong Lan inspected the hair, even counting the number of hairs of each color meticulously.


 Next, at her will, the blue phoenix tattoo on her chest floated up and spat out a lump of blue fire.


 The blue fire burned the hair, in almost an instant, all of Hei Lou Lan’s newly grown hair was gone.


 Hei Lou Lan stared with wide eyes and asked curiously: "What method is this? It is really amazing, I am completely unharmed."


 Lu Tong Lan smiled: "This is my blue phoenix totem. Inside Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven, totems are the mainstream way of cultivation. Even though we use Gu worms as well, totems are the symbol of our strength and status."


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes shined with bright light: "If I am not wrong, this totem is not simple, each line and marking on the totem is a dao mark! The essence of the totem is a killer move! There actually exists such an amazing method in the world, does everyone cultivate totems in here?"


 "Hahaha." Lu Tong Lan laughed even louder: "Hei Lou Lan, you are the genius that our lord chose to send here indeed. You saw the essence of the totem with just one glimpse. Indeed, our Gu cultivation killer moves use Gu worms or expend Gu materials. While Gu worms are fragments of the Great Dao, Gu materials are agglomerations of dao marks. The totems here use the same logic, it is just that the cultivation way uses Gu worms to assist slightly, the main method is still to rely on our consumption and digestion."


 "Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven is Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s immortal aperture, this Demon Venerable left his immortal aperture within the body of the gluttonous demon frog, allowing this grotto-heaven to have a food path environment."


 The gluttonous demon frog was a legendary immemorial beast, it contained an unimaginable number of food path dao marks.


 With the influence of food path dao marks, within Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven, humans could eat Gu materials to increase their corresponding dao marks. Using the Gu worms here, they can gradually construct their own totems.


 Hei Lou Lan did not guess wrongly, totems were a special type of killer move. Normally, they would stay on the surface of the Gu cultivator’s body. Once primeval essence or immortal essence was instilled, they would turn solid and fly out to fight.


 "Totem killer moves have a lot of advantages, ordinary killer moves need to activate Gu worms and expend thoughts when they are used spontaneously. But totems only need to be constructed beforehand, you can save a lot of effort and time as a result!"


 "In the five regions outside world, even though Gu Houses also contain fixed killer moves, totems can be refined and improved upon continuously. Meanwhile, strong Immortal Gu Houses have no room for improvement." Lu Tong Lan continued to explain.


 Hei Lou Lan started to frown: "I have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, I should cultivate strength path, but this totem seems to be a transformation path killer move?"


 Lu Tong Lan shook her head: "Not quite so."


 "The other specialty of totems is that they can be suitable for all Gu paths. I, for example, cultivate fire path, after devouring all sorts of materials, I used Gu worms to construct my blue phoenix totem killer move. This totem is a fire path killer move, it is very suitable for me."


 "As for you cultivating strength path, you can also construct your own strength path totem."


 Hei Lou Lan cupped her fists and said solemnly: "Please teach me, senior."


 "Of course." Lu Tong Lan pointed at the empty pot: "The snake-rat soup I gave you to drink earlier is meant to decipher your physique and learn what ingredients you are suitable to eat, and what kinds of ingredients are the best for your natural absorption and contain the most nutrients you need, as for your totem, it is something unique to you, only you will know what it truly becomes."


 There were countless totems, even if they looked similar, each one was different.


 Lu Tong Lan continued to speak in concern: "Hei Lou Lan, you need to make use of your time and quickly construct your totem. This killer move is the only method you can use when you join the Myriad Tribes Ceremony."


 After Hei Lou Lan understood all this background information, she started to wholeheartedly cultivate this method.


 Each time Lu Tong Lan cooked something, she would eat it without leaving anything behind, using this food path environment to allow her body to absorb dao marks.


 Lu Tong Lan initially boiled soup, gradually, there was meat and vegetables, she also added more grains as well.


 All of the food had one similarity, they tasted horrible.


 But Hei Lou Lan was an ambitious person, as long as it could raise her strength, she could eat anything regardless of the taste, even if she felt intense pain in her stomach countless times, as if she was in living hell.



***
Chapter 2113 Eating People


***





 



 Hei Lou Lan cultivated while sitting on the stone bed.


 Long after, she opened her eyes slowly.


 She lowered her head and looked at her chest, there was a totem.


 The totem was very simplistic and only had a few strokes, however, the markings were very clear, one could see a black cat that was drawn on it.


 The black cat was young and small, it looked very adorable, its tail was raised up as its back was crouched, its front paws grabbed the ground, as if it was going to pounce at the next moment.


 "Desolate Extremity lent me the relevant Gu worms, using them, the first form of my totem killer move has been completed."


 Hei Lou Lan calculated the time in her mind.


 Ever since she came here and cultivated the first form of her totem, thirty days had passed.


 During these thirty days, Hei Lou Lan did not leave even once, other than eating and attending to daily affairs, she only cultivated the entire time.


 She did not relax or slack off at any moment, she worked really hard.


 Suddenly, there was an argument outside the tent.


 "Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader, you are going overboard!"


 "Indeed, these last days, you used so many ingredients in our inventory for your illegitimate daughter."


 "Initially, you used the ancient desolate beast single horned deer to increase your daughter’s appetite. After that you made the snake-rat soup and used ancient desolate beast snakes and rats just to find out the recipe most suited for your daughter! After that, you have been consistently draining our reserves dry, the ingredients you pick are at least desolate beast level."


 "We nominated you as the leader but you are being so selfish, you have let down the entire tribe’s expectations!"


 Hei Lou Lan heard this and showed a peculiar expression.


 It seems that the tribe elders were currently questioning and blaming their tribe leader Lu Tong Lan.


 "Speaking of which, I have been using a lot of immortal materials recently, is Desolate Extremity unable to control the situation anymore?" Hei Lou Lan guessed.


 At the next moment, Lu Tong Lan’s voice resounded: "Tribe elders, no need to be angry. I am doing this for the sake of our tribe. Lan, come out."


 Hei Lou Lan heard this and finally left the tent that she had stayed in for a month’s time.


 This was a valley with lush greenery, there was a river not far away.


 There were tents of various sizes all around, they formed into a tribe.


 The tent that Hei Lou Lan was in was right at the center, it was the safest location. At the same time, this was the largest tent in this place.


 At the area outside of the tent, a group of people confronted Lu Tong Lan.


 These people were also wearing beast skin and exposed a large portion of their body, most of them were elderly people, being all Gu Immortals. The thing that attracted Hei Lou Lan’s attention were the totems on their bodies.


 "Lan, come over here." Lu Tong Lan waved.


 Hei Lou Lan did not speak as she walked towards Lu Tong Lan.


 The tribe elders’ gazes were focused on Hei Lou Lan’s body, or more precisely, on her chest.


 The expressions of the elders started to change.


 Some were in disbelief, while some became very excited.


 "This, this is?"


 "Has my vision gone bad?"


 "Can anyone confirm with me, is this the dark capital strength tiger?!"


 Lu Tong Lan smiled: "Indeed, this is the dark capital strength tiger totem!"


 The tribe elders were silent, their bodies were shaking from agitation.


 Lu Tong Lan continued: "I know what you want to ask, since my daughter has the dark capital strength tiger totem, I am sure you all understand she has the sacred physique! Only the sacred physique can cultivate the dark capital strength tiger totem."


 The elders gasped at once.


 Lu Tong Lan waited for some time, after their discussions became softer, she continued: "Now, do you still think that I am being selfish?"


 "Of course not!" An elder shook his head and said with a firm attitude.


 "This is the sacred physique, it allows a person to directly advance in the Myriad Tribes Ceremony and challenge the Predicament!" An elder stared at Hei Lou Lan with a heated and excited gaze.


 "As long as the sacred physique survives in the Myriad Tribes Ceremony, our entire tribe will benefit from it, we will become one of the back-up sacred tribes." Another elder started to dream about the beautiful future.


 "Sacred physique? Are they referring to my Great Strength True Martial Physique?" Hei Lou Lan calmed down because she knew that the entire situation was still firmly within Lu Tong Lan’s control.


 Lu Tong Lan’s lips curled up: "Why just the back-up, can’t we directly become the sacred tribe?"


 The elders’ expressions froze before quickly shaking their heads.


 "Tribe leader, don’t be so hasty!’


 "Your daughter has rank seven cultivation level but to become the winner of the Myriad Tribes Ceremony, her cultivation level is not high enough."


 "We need to be patient, as long as she becomes rank eight, we will not need to challenge anything, according to the customs, she will be the Sacred King!"


 "We need to protect and nurture her in order to become the sacred tribe. Why do we need to take a risk?"


 Lu Tong Lan was silent for a while before nodding: "Elders, you are right, I was too hasty. But undeniably, the stronger Lan becomes, the higher our position in the Myriad Tribes Ceremony, and the more benefits our tribe will receive. Isn’t that right?"


 The elders nodded: "Of course."


 Lu Tong Lan suddenly bowed: "Thus, I hope everyone can understand and help to improve Lan’s totem with your full effort. The more benefits she receives, the more gains we will have later on!"


 The elders reacted and some nodded in agreement, while others pointed at Lu Tong Lan and smiled brightly: "So this was all part of your scheme, Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader."


 Because of Lu Tong Lan’s meticulous arrangement, Hei Lou Lan was accepted by the tribe at her first appearance.


 Hei Lou Lan also understood that one of the main reasons why Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sent her here was because the Great Strength True Martial Physique was really useful in Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven.


 Afterwards, Hei Lou Lan asked Lu Tong Lan why the Great Strength True Martial Physique was considered the sacred physique in this place and why it had such a huge status.


 Lu Tong Lan answered: "The rumor is that Reckless Savage Demon Venerable has the Great Strength True Martial Physique. Nobody can confirm if this rumor is true or not."


 This was not important, Hei Lou Lan soon left this information behind.


 She continued cultivating her totem killer move.


 This time, not only did Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader Lu Tong Lan help her, the entire tribe was also chipping in.


 Hei Lou Lan’s totem soon grew from a small cat into a black leopard.


 At this point, the elders’ help also started to dwindle.


 Throughout the process, the immortal material expenditure was immense. But the good news for Hei Lou Lan was that her dark capital strength tiger totem had incredible power when used, far beyond her previous methods.


 The dark capital strength tiger totem became her strongest killer move!


 "But this is not enough!" Desolate Extremity Lu Tong Lan said truthfully once after cultivating: "Since our lord sent you here, I will do my best to nurture you and not let our lord down! Those elders did not use up their inventory, but I do not have much resources left. Don’t worry, in a few days, the situation will change."


 The elders had their descendants too, even though Hei Lou Lan had the sacred physique, she was still the tribe leader’s descendant, the elders would not expend all their resources for her, this was a natural thing.


 Several days later, Blue Phoenix Tribe was suddenly attacked by their mortal enemy Fire Blend Tribe, they suffered huge losses and were forced to escape from the valley.


 While retreating, Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader led her troops and retaliated harshly. Fire Blend Tribe was caught off guard and was forced out of the valley, allowing Blue Phoenix Tribe to regain their territory.


 Fire Blend Tribe was not resigned to give up, they stayed outside the valley and went into a stalemate with Blue Phoenix Tribe, waiting for an opportunity to arise.


 Late at night on this day.


 Lu Tong Lan brought Hei Lou Lan away from the gathering point, going to a cave in the valley to meet Fire Blend Tribe Leader.


 Fire Blend Tribe Leader looked at the shocked Hei Lou Lan and smiled while explaining: "I am Yellow Extremity Jiao Huo."


 It turned out that this situation was just Lu Tong Lan’s and Jiao Huo’s performance.


 Jiao Huo took out a large amount of immortal materials and handed them to Lu Tong Lan: "These are all the Gu materials I can find that are suitable for Hei Lou Lan."


 "Other than that, we have these..." Jiao Huo had a strange expression as he took out several corpses.


 These were the corpses of Fire Blend Tribe’s Gu Immortal elders who had died from battle earlier!


 Lu Tong Lan also took out several corpses, these were the ones sacrificed from Blue Phoenix Tribe.


 In front of Hei Lou Lan, Jiao Huo started to cut the meat while Lu Tong Lan prepared the pot and flame.


 Hei Lou Lan was stunned: "You want me to eat these people?!"


 Jiao Huo cut the human flesh as he smiled: "No need to think of them as humans, just treat them as immortal materials. Normally speaking, when Gu Immortals die, as long as they are not immortal zombies, their dao marks will go back into their immortal apertures. But the Gu cultivators here are different, their immortal aperture will be digested by Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven before it falls in place, the totem killer moves on them are created by dao marks, they are fixed and contain the most value within the body."


 Saying so, Jiao Huo picked out a few pieces of meat from the pile and tossed them into the pot.


 Lu Tong Lan stirred the meat soup while saying: "Hei Lou Lan, there aren’t many pieces of meat that suit you. But because they are humans after all, they are easier for you to absorb, it will help greatly in your totem’s growth!"


 Hei Lou Lan turned pale as her voice changed slightly: "Is the act of eating people popularized in this Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven?"


 Lu Tong Lan looked at the human meat soup in the pot as she said plainly: "Of course not. Even though eating people can help the growth of totems, it is still a demonic act. Publicly eating your tribesmen means you are a demonic path member, you will face judgment. That is why we brought you here secretly to hide from the rest. You have the sacred physique, but if you are found to be eating people, your status will be lost. There is no helping it, we have little time, to raise your strength to the limit, eating humans is the best way."


 "It’s cooked, go ahead and eat."


 Lu Tong Lan served the soup as Hei Lou Lan received it with a numb expression.


 The human meat soup was far more delicious than all the food she had been eating previously. But after her first mouthful, Hei Lou Lan started to vomit intensely.


 Lu Tong Lan and Jiao Huo looked at her calmly.


 Hei Lou Lan vomited until even her gastric acid came out, she asked the two: "Have you eaten human flesh as well?"


 Lu Tong Lan shook her head, but Jiao Huo nodded and said: "I was the first to arrive, after some time, my identity as an outsider was exposed and I got hunted down. All of my rations were consumed, I fell into desperation and had to eat people to raise the power of my totem killer move. Relying on that, I managed to survive and change my identity, eventually becoming the current Fire Blend Tribe Leader."


 Lu Tong Lan said with a calm tone: "Hei Lou Lan, you can choose not to eat it. We will not force you to do this, we are only trying to complete master’s tasks to the best of our abilities. I have not eaten human flesh before, I can understand why you reject it. This is only a method to become stronger, you can also eat other ingredients to help your totem grow, it will only take more time."


 "It will take more time?" Hei Lou Lan’s ears twitched.


 She smiled bitterly as she muttered to herself: "The difference between me and him is already so large like a heavenly chasm, if I do not make good use of my time, how can I ever surpass him? If it were him in this situation, would he choose to eat the human meat?"


 The answer was obvious!


 "I’ll eat it." Hei Lou Lan had a solemn expression as she came to the pot.


 She drank the soup with huge gulps, she ate the meat in large mouthfuls!


 Lu Tong Lan’s expression changed while Jiao Huo nodded slightly.


 Such a person... it was no wonder their lord had such a high evaluation regarding her!



***
Chapter 2114 Hei Lou Lan, You Are Too Ugly


***





 



 Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven.


 The myriad tribes were gathered on Moon Field Slope.


 "The Myriad Tribes Ceremony is held here?" Hei Lou Lan looked at the barren land and expressed her disappointment.


 Every Myriad Tribes Ceremony was held at Moon Field Slope.


 But in Hei Lou Lan’s opinion, this place was empty and desolate, there was yellow sand everywhere, nothing else was in sight. When wind blew, sand would stir and move in the air visibly.


 "The Myriad Tribes Ceremony is different from the Thousand Tribes Ceremony, it is a grand event that involves the entire Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven, held once every ten thousand years. This is my first time taking part in it too." Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader, one of the Eight Extremities, Desolate Extremity Lu Tong Lan, replied.


 Behind them were the Blue Phoenix Tribe members.


 Half a year ago, there was an intense fight between Blue Phoenix Tribe and Fire Blend Tribe, the result was that Blue Phoenix Tribe lost many Gu Immortal elders. But as a result, Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader gained a deeper control of the entire tribe.


 "Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader, Sacred Child!"


 "This is the Sacred Child?"


 "Hahaha, I’ve heard that Blue Phoenix Tribe produced a Sacred Child, this is making us envious."


 Entering Moon Field Slope, Lu Tong Lan met a few familiar faces. These people were either famous experts, tribe leaders, or elders, they had high authority and status.


 Hei Lou Lan’s reputation had already spread recently, her identity as a Sacred Child was too eye-catching.


 "Hmph!" A cold grunt could be heard as Fire Blend Tribe Leader stared at Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader, Hei Lou Lan, and the rest with a furious gaze.


 Around him, there was also a group of tribe leaders and elders.


 "Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader, you came too slowly, are you afraid?" Jiao Huo asked arrogantly.


 Lu Tong Lan immediately retaliated with a cold laugh: "Even if I am afraid, it will not be because of you. What fear can you create?"


 "Tribe leaders, the Myriad Tribes Ceremony is about to begin, if anyone fights, they will be the enemy of the myriad tribes, we will use them as the ceremonial tribute." The elder of a large tribe saw this situation and came over.


 Immediately after, the elder said to Jiao Huo: "Fire Blend Tribe Leader, why are you still here? My tribe leader has already held a banquet, you cannot be late."


 Jiao Huo snorted coldly, leaving some words for Lu Tong Lan: "I’ll let you off for now."


 Saying so, he led the people around him and left.


 "Fire Blend Tribe Leader, this guy..." After he left, the tribe leaders around Lu Tong Lan spoke out.


 "Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader, even though Fire Blend Tribe Leader lost to you half a year ago and his strength fell greatly, you cannot be careless, he has already gone over to Yellow Bell Tribe."


 "Yellow Bell Tribe is a super tribe, not just its tribe leader but even the first elder have rank eight cultivation level!"


 These experts spoke one after another, detailing the information of Fire Blend Tribe Leader.


 Hei Lou Lan listened without making a sound, gaining a deeper understanding of Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven’s situation.


 "The situation here is not too different from the five regions, the weaker forces still have to join larger forces. Lu Tong Lan and Jiao Huo are two of the Eight Extremities, even when they cultivate in here and use totem killer moves, they are still superior to others, being experts among rank sevens. Thus, a group of people gathered around them."


 "But the truly top tier forces are still existences like Yellow Bell Tribe. It seems that Jiao Huo’s plan succeeded, he made use of his tribe’s weakness as an excuse to get close to Yellow Bell Tribe."


 "Who could ever imagine that these two irreconcilable enemies were actually the closest allies in this world?"


 Hei Lou Lan felt deep admiration towards these two people and their methods.


 Days later, the Myriad Tribes Ceremony began.


 "In the name of Great God Reckless Savage, Purple Gold Tribe offers thirty golden sand carps as tribute!"


 "In the name of Great God Reckless Savage, Ice lake Tribe offers three fetus lions as tribute!"


 "In the name of Great God Reckless Savage, Yellow Bell Tribe offers a vast heavenly sparrow group, ten sight plundering vines, and one outsider as tribute!"


 At the central field of all the tribes, they took turns to slaughter and contribute their sacrificial tokens.


 Some tribes were weak, they only contributed desolate beasts. Some tribes that were slightly inferior to Blue Phoenix Tribe offered ancient desolate beasts instead.


 As for the strongest forces like Yellow Bell Tribe, they offered a large amount of ancient desolate beasts and plants, or even several immemorial desolate beasts and plants.


 From time to time, outsiders would be captured and brought here to be killed in public view.


 These outsiders were all Gu Immortals with at least rank seven cultivation level. The outsiders that Yellow Bell Tribe executed were even rank eight Gu Immortals!


 "If these things were given to me as food, my totem would grow by a large amount." Hei Lou Lan felt it was a pity.


 Be it desolate beasts or Gu Immortal corpses, once they landed on the yellow soil, they would melt like candles, absorbed into the earth gradually.


 It was as if this ground was a silent beast devouring all of the sacrifices without making a sound.


 "This Moon Field Slope contains a huge secret, it is definitely not so simple!" Hei Lou Lan thought, she watched as the sacrifices sank into the yellow earth ground, the soil that was dyed red slowly returned to its yellow color.


 No matter what cultivation level the outsiders have, each time they were sacrificed, the myriad tribes would cheer.


 The cheers were loud like tsunamis or earthquakes, it was truly stunning.


 Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven had existed for so many years, rumors had definitely spread. Even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had sent people in regularly, others went in as well.


 "Good, kill them all! These otherworldly demons deserve death!"


 "In historical records, each time the Myriad Tribes Ceremony is held, these otherworldly demons will appear."


 "Let’s kill all of these outsiders, how dare they invade our world!"


 Hei Lou Lan listened to their discussions while feeling deep and strange emotions surging internally.


 The inhabitants of Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven saw this grotto-heaven as the whole world, they treated outsiders as otherworldly demons, not knowing that the outside world was even larger!


 This made Hei Lou Lan think of City Well in >, as well as the minimen living inside it.


 The sacrificial ceremony lasted for a day, other than the super tribes who were allowed to openly hold their ceremony at the central field, the other tribes could only do their sacrificial ceremonies at their own camps.


 On the night of the ceremony, there was a large bonfire celebration.


 Leather drums made stunning noises as tens of thousands of bonfires were lit, countless people who wore beast skin clothings and feathered accessories danced around their bonfires as they laughed, danced, sang, and enjoyed themselves thoroughly.


 Many men and women were attracted to each other, they held each other’s hands and left the bonfire, returning to their own tents, away from the laughter and noise outside, to engage in the most intense and enjoyable ritual on their beds.


 Of course, some approached Hei Lou Lan too.


 "This is the Myriad Tribes Ceremony, the most sacred moment of all. Lady Sacred Child, we are a match made in heaven, we will produce the most outstanding offspring." The son of a tribe leader brought a large amount of immortal materials and approached Hei Lou Lan.


 This young man belonged to a super tribe, on the same level as Yellow Bell Tribe. His father was the tribe leader, a rank eight Gu Immortal, while he himself was rank six.


 Hei Lou Lan had an ugly expression, she rejected him on the spot.


 The young man laughed instead: "Great, I didn’t want to get close to you anyway, you are too ugly. But father gave me orders I could not defy, I had to come here. Hopefully, we never meet again!"


 Other than the young man, an elderly rank eight expert also came to her.


 He brought a large amount of extremely valuable immortal materials.


 "With these immortal materials, Sacred Child, your totem will reach greater success!" The elderly rank eight Gu Immortal spoke: "Even though you are ugly, I am old and still do not have a son, we can cooperate and achieve a win-win status."


 Hei Lou Lan had a cold expression and rejected him as well.


 The old rank eight Gu Immortal shook his head and sighed before leaving: "Sacred Child, you are still too young, after missing this opportunity, it might never come to you again. Not everyone can accept your ugly appearance, only people like me who have already gone past that stage can ignore the opinions of everyone else."


 Hei Lou Lan almost screamed at him to scram.


 Even though she did not care about her appearance, she was still a great beauty at heart.


 Her parents were both extremely good looking, she inherited their good genes and was beautiful enough to be a fairy of Northern Plains.


 But within Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven, the concept of beauty differed greatly from the outside world.


 The inhabitants here worshiped muscles, skin color should not be pale or smooth, they had to be dark and rough, giving people a sense of strength and power.


 Thus, in this place, Hei Lou Lan was an ugly woman rarely seen in a hundred years.


 The first time anyone sees Hei Lou Lan, they would subconsciously think: It was no wonder Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader abandoned this daughter in the past, she is simply too ugly! But possessing the sacred physique despite the ugliness, heaven is truly balanced and impartial.


 On this night, Hei Lou Lan was pestered repeatedly until daybreak.


 The Myriad Tribes Competition started!


 At the area in front of every tribe, there was a blank space.


 It was the field for their competition.


 "I, Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader, challenge Stardust Tribe Leader by betting a divine peacock feather." Lu Tong Lan brought Hei Lou Lan to the area of Stardust Tribe.


 She was challenging the tribe for Hei Lou Lan.


 "It seems that Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader is after that white thread tendon of the five emperor eel." Stardust Tribe Leader smiled bitterly as he walked into the empty space.


 In the Myriad Tribes Ceremony, a challenge could not be rejected.


 "Please start." Lu Tong Lan instilled immortal essence, her blue phoenix totem shined in bright light, turning solid and flying towards Stardust Tribe Leader.


 Stardust Tribe Leader gritted his teeth, shouting as his totem flew into the sky, turning into a single-horned mountain goat.


 The single-horned mountain goat crashed towards the blue phoenix, creating a huge cloud of stardust.


 The blue phoenix dodged as it chirped, spitting out a torrent of blue flames.


 The blue flames were extremely hot, the single-horned mountain goat was swept by the flames and got encircled, it tried to break out several times.


 Each time the single-horned mountain goat tried to act, the blue phoenix would intercept and force it back.


 "Lu Tong Lan definitely has a stronger totem, but the main reason for this situation is the difference in combat attainment of the two tribe leaders." Hei Lou Lan watched at the side and realized.


 "As expected of Blue Phoenix Tribe Leader, sigh, I admit defeat." Not long after, Stardust Tribe Leader said.


 He needed to preserve his strength, the Myriad Tribes Ceremony had just started. If he got injured and could not fight anymore, more people would challenge him and cause him to lose more immortal materials.


 Lu Tong Lan stopped immediately.


 Stardust Tribe Leader arranged for the white thread tendon of the five emperor eel to be given to the winner.


 Both sides did not go overboard.


 "Stardust Tribe Leader, if you encounter any difficulties in the future, you can send a letter to my Blue Phoenix Tribe. If it is a trivial matter, we will definitely help you." Lu Tong Lan said before leaving.


 Stardust Tribe Leader’s expression soothed.


 Even though one could not reject challenges in the Myriad Tribes Ceremony, they could invite others to help them out. This was also why many weaker forces chose to join or side with super forces of their own accord.



***
Chapter 2115 Lou Lan Fights a Predicamen


***





 



 With the full support of Desolate Extremity Lu Tong Lan, Hei Lou Lan started to devour a large amount of immortal materials again.


 After digesting them, her totem finally reached greater success!


 "Good, your dark capital strength tiger totem has formed completely. With just this move, you are a peak expert among rank sevens, even in the outside world of the five regions." Lu Tong Lan was very happy: "Now, if you are interested, you can give it a go."


 The Myriad Tribes Ceremony had reached a cruel stage of the competition.


 Every day, a large number of tribes were defeated, their experts got injured, and they lost many resources in their inventories. There were even those who went after their enemies, they did not bet on immortal materials but a person’s life instead!


 What made Hei Lou Lan feel a chill inside was that any Gu Immortal who died during the Myriad Tribes Ceremony would be sacrificed on the spot, merging into the yellow soil land.


 Blue Phoenix Tribe was still in a good state.


 Because of Hei Lou Lan’s identity as a Sacred Child, as long as she was alive, when she reaches rank eight, the entire Blue Phoenix Tribe would be elevated to the Sacred Tribe, they would have high authority.


 Thus, almost nobody provoked Blue Phoenix Tribe.


 Even if some people felt jealousy and hatred, wanting to attack Hei Lou Lan before she grew stronger, they would be filled with caution, they would not attack the Sacred Child during this important event, it was disrespectful to Great God Reckless Savage after all!


 During the day, the myriad tribes engaged in continuous combat. At night, countless tribe leaders and elders conversed in secret, forming alliances while working and scheming together.


 Lu Tong Lan and Jiao Huo were also secretly in contact.


 Anyone who wanted to target Blue Phoenix Tribe might likely contact Fire Blend Tribe, the opposite was also true.


 Blue Phoenix Tribe, which possessed a Sacred Child, attracted a lot of jealousy, even including those people who were friendly to Lu Tong Lan normally!


 Fire Blend Tribe did not have a good time either, they lost a good number of elders half a year ago, they became weaker and had to join Yellow Bell Tribe as a subsidiary force.


 But Yellow Bell Tribe had enemies too.


 All of the experts continued to fight and kill.


 But thankfully, because only totems could be used in battle, the death toll was much lower.


 In normal situations, other killer moves would be used in a battle of life and death. Totems were mostly trump cards, a good number of non-totem killer moves were also held as trump cards.


 Hei Lou Lan gained a lot of insight these few days.


 She saw all sorts of totems, she recognized many outstanding experts.


 Her totem had already reached greater success, the path ahead of her was to continue eating with the dark capital strength tiger as the foundation, to fuse with other dao marks and gradually turn it into a totem that suited Hei Lou Lan specifically.


 But there was another path, she could construct a second or third totem.


 Experts who had many totems had a larger range of methods, but because their efforts were split, the quality of their totems were lower as well.


 By investing the same effort and resources, cultivating one totem was naturally stronger.


 As for which route to take, Hei Lou Lan was still thinking about it: "In historical records, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable had countless totems, each one was extremely strong. They had at least rank eight battle strength, some were even at pseudo venerable battle strength. It seems that Reckless Savage Demon Venerable took the second path."


 As days passed, the situation of the myriad tribes changed rapidly every day.


 Initially, those normal tribes with only Gu Masters started to lose and assimilate into each other rapidly. But this situation actually extended to the super forces as well, eventually, even a super force like Yellow Bell Tribe showed signs of downfall!


 When three rank eight Gu Immortals died on Moon Field Slope, this yellow soil land started to emit a faint yellow light.


 In this yellow light, a road slowly appeared before them.


 "Myriad Life Road has appeared!"


 "Huff... the myriad tribes challenge has finally ended."


 "Only publicly recognized experts can enter the Myriad Life Road and find the immortal opportunities left behind by Great God Reckless Savage!"


 Hei Lou Lan had some realization too: "So all the sacrifices are meant to open up this Myriad Life Road."


 As the one with the sacred physique, she did not need to be tested, she was qualified to enter the Myriad Life Road immediately.


 After the tribes discussed among themselves, they chose eighty-eight people.


 There were eleven people of each respective rank.


 Among the tribes, there were no rank nine Gu cultivators, thus the maximum number was only eighty-eight.


 For some reason, this number struck a chord with Hei Lou Lan.


 Under countless envious gazes, eighty-eight people stepped onto the Myriad Life Road.


 From the outside, the Myriad Life Road looked like an illusory image. But when Hei Lou Lan and the rest stepped into it, they felt a completely different sensation.


 "It feels like there is really a road, I can step on it firmly." Hei Lou Lan walked for over ten steps, her expression changed gradually.


 She was accompanied by Lu Tong Lan.


 Not far away behind her, there was Jiao Huo.


 These two were part of the Eight Extremities after all, they had successfully emerged from the competition and became one of the eighty-eight chosen people.


 "Walking on this Myriad Life Road, every step expends our strength, will, and even immortal essence." Hei Lou Lan said.


 Lu Tong Lan added: "More accurately speaking, our foundation and strength are depleted at a certain rate proportionately."


 There was fairness for everyone walking on this road, they experienced the same difficulty.


 Gu Immortals were stronger than Gu Masters, but the difficulty level for Gu Masters was decided according to their own strength.


 This caused many Gu Masters to move ahead of the Gu Immortals instead.


 "I found a Gu worm, they are crawling on the ground, once we pick them up, they can be instantly refined!"


 "Quickly look, there are so many food ingredients, this is worth a fortune."


 Many people shouted and cheered, they quickly gained some plentiful rewards.


 The myriad tribes outside could not see this scene, they could only see eighty-eight figures that shrunk to the size of black dots as they became concealed by the heavenly road in the sky.


 Hei Lou Lan observed closely and soon found something strange.


 "The heavenly road is uneven, the slope is upwards at times and downwards at times. When going up, there will be Gu worms and Gu materials, when going down, even though there are no rewards, we will expend less of our strength." Hei Lou Lan analyzed, suddenly gasping in shock: "Strange, this feels like something depicted in >!"


 She quickly looked at Lu Tong Lan as the latter smiled: "You are right, this is Upslope Road and Downslope Road."


 Hei Lou Lan could not help but shake internally!


 Her eyes shined with bright light: "This means to say, I can obtain the legendary ability Gu and effort Gu here?"


 Lu Tong Lan replied: "That will depend on your fortune. If these Gu worm really exist here, I am sure they will be near the end of the heavenly road."


 Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth as she made up her mind: "This is a fortuitous encounter that I cannot let go of! In history, Gu worms that are mentioned in > are all top tier Gu worms, they either have terrifying strength or incredible abilities. Ancestor Giant Sun was right, I need to make the best of this supreme opportunity to have a chance of surpassing that guy, Fang Yuan!"


 Hei Lou Lan started to move ahead.


 Lu Tong Lan instructed her: "Don’t take the Downslope Road, try to walk on the Upslope Road. This is the guidance of our lord."


 Hei Lou Lan was a little bewildered.


 Normally speaking, the Downslope Road had a small expenditure on the person, it was most logical to walk on it. Only until the second half of the heavenly road should one start walking on the Upslope Road.


 But Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s advice was the opposite.


 Hei Lou Lan hesitated for a moment but decided to trust Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 She and Lu Tong Lan walked together, trying to go on the Upslope Road as much as they could.


 They found a lot of Gu worms and materials while walking on the Upslope Road, yet most were just mortal Gu and materials.


 Not long after, they started to find immortal materials. As for the Gu Immortals who traveled the same distance as them, because they walked on the Downslope Road quite often, their rewards were fewer and also kept within the range of mortal materials.


 Hei Lou Lan realized at once: "The heavenly road does not calculate distance traveled but the quality of the road traveled instead. It does not split into the first or second half, it only sees if we are giving it our full effort when we walk on the road. By putting in my full effort, I have a chance of making desirable gains. But if I slack off and take the easy path, I might consume all my strength without gaining anything significant."


 Lu Tong Lan and Hei Lou Lan continued ahead.


 When they found the first rank six Immortal Gu, the first Predicament also appeared.


 Predicaments had all sorts of shapes and sizes, they were translucent and had various colors.


 The Predicament in Hei Lou Lan’s path was light brown in color, it resembled a raccoon with the size of a mountain, blocking the heavenly road.


 "Predicament, a wild beast recorded in >. It is extinct within the five regions, to think that it still exists here. But since this is the heavenly road, there is nothing strange about it."


 Hei Lou Lan took in a deep breath, working with Lu Tong Lan to attack the Predicament.


 The Predicament roared as it charged towards Hei Lou Lan and Lu Tong Lan.


 The two of them felt their vision blurring and changing, they arrived in a light brown secluded space.


 "We are inside the Predicament, we were eaten by it." Lu Tong Lan immediately said.


 Predicaments were very special entities, rumor had it that the first person who created a battlefield killer move took inspiration from researching the Predicaments.


 Each Predicament could also be treated as a natural battlefield killer move.


 Within the Predicament, calamities and tribulations formed and descended.


 Lu Tong Lan took the lead: "I will block the calamities and tribulations, Hei Lou Lan, you will break out of the Predicament!"


 Hei Lou Lan was stunned: "What should I do?"


 "You have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, according to the records of >, you are a counter to these Predicaments! I do not know what you need to do, but just go ahead and try. Remember, you cannot spend too much time, the tribulations within the Predicament are unceasing!" Lu Tong Lan instructed.


 Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth, activating her strength path killer moves and attacking the place randomly.


 A moment later, joy flashed on her face as she felt a movement in the space.


 The tribulations became fiercer.


 But Lu Tong Lan was very happy: "Continue with that, this Predicament is already staking its life to fight!"


 Hei Lou Lan suddenly thought: She had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, but others did not. What could they do if they faced a Predicament?


 "Dark capital strength tiger, come out!" Hei Lou Lan willed as she expended a large amount of rank seven immortal essence.


 Roar!


 With a surging black light, the huge black tiger condensed into solid form and charged ahead.


 With a loud sound, a huge hole was formed.


 "Let’s go!" Hei Lou Lan and Lu Tong Lan flew out of the hole together, returning to the outside world.



***
Chapter 2116 Fortitude Gu


***





 



 The Predicament growled, clenching its body at the area of the injury.


 The dark capital strength tiger totem created a huge hole and caused it to weaken greatly.


 Its body continued to shrink like a burst balloon, until it was only half of its original size, before the hole closed up and mended itself.


 After stabilizing its condition, the Predicament did not dare to attack Hei Lou Lan anymore, it screeched and ran away.


 Hei Lou Lan did not chase it, she picked up the rank six Immortal Gu and continued on the road with Lu Tong Lan.


 The two walked on the Upslope Road with all their effort, gaining greater and greater rewards.


 A while later, they obtained two rank six Immortal Gu and one rank seven Immortal Gu.


 Their encounters soon alerted the others, they started to use their full strength to walk on the Upslope Road.


 Gradually, some expended all their strength and fell from the heavenly road, crashing onto the yellow land of the Moon Field Slope.


 Some encountered the Predicaments but did not manage to break out, dying inside. There were some who defeated their Predicaments but lost too much strength, they had gloomy expressions.


 Predicaments were a mystical type of wild beasts in essence, one’s battle strength had to be greatly exceeding their endurance limit for them to lose. Only strength path methods had greater effect.


 Hei Lou Lan felt more difficulty as she walked.


 After defeating two more Predicaments, she found that from a total of eighty-eight people, only thirty or so were left.


 "I am starting to lose my ability to continue, a lot of my strength has been depleted, while the Predicaments that show up are getting stronger. My remaining battle strength is only enough for one more Predicament." Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth, feeling unresigned.


 "Don’t worry, I have a way, let’s continue." Lu Tong Lan patted Hei Lou Lan’s shoulder with an optimistic attitude.


 After encountering another Predicament, Lu Tong Lan used her blue phoenix totem and worked with the dark capital strength tiger to defeat the Predicament.


 "Be careful, don’t let it escape!" This time, Lu Tong Lan shouted and acted in time, not allowing the Predicament to escape as they killed it successfully.


 "Eat it." Lu Tong Lan cut the Predicament’s flesh and gave Hei Lou Lan a piece.


 Hei Lou Lan had read > before, she understood something.


 Each piece of the Predicament’s meat that she ate, she felt her strength returned by a portion. After she and Lu Tong Lan devoured the entire Predicament, her strength had mostly recovered.


 But this way, the method was exposed.


 Many Gu cultivators saw this and started to mimic them.


 But a portion of the Gu cultivators were not surprised, they knew about this long ago.


 "You cannot overeat the Predicament’s flesh, otherwise, your heart will burn and your mind will collapse." Lu Tong Lan sighed: "Let’s continue."


 After several more minutes, Jiao Huo chased up to Hei Lou Lan and Lu Tong Lan.


 "What do you want?" Lu Tong Lan pretended to be unhappy as she called out.


 Jiao Huo snorted coldly: "Only seven of us are left, we want to cooperate, of course. We can settle the score outside, but here, we need to look at the big picture!"


 Lu Tong Lan was silent.


 "Tribe leader Jiao Huo is right, the Predicaments are getting stronger, we need to work together." Yellow Bell Tribe Leader also arrived, he looked at Hei Lou Lan and said: "Sacred Child, you are qualified to cooperate with us and fight together."


 Next, Yellow Bell Tribe Leader looked at the others: "Since everyone could reach this far, we are all qualified to work together. What do you think?"


 Among the seven that were left, one was rank six, two were rank eight, while the last four were rank seven.


 Everyone looked at each other, turning silent for a moment.


 "Working together will allow us to get further indeed!"


 "But how do we distribute Immortal Gu and immortal materials?" The rank six Gu Immortal asked the crucial question.


 If they had to compete, he would definitely lose against them.


 Yellow Bell Tribe Leader pondered and spoke: "There is no need to fight over Immortal Gu and immortal materials, we can take them in turns. As for the sequence, we can discuss it. If anyone ignores the rules, they will be everyone’s enemy. The Myriad Life Road only appears once every ten thousand years, whoever disobeys the rules will face the pursuit of everyone!"


 "Okay." The other rank eight Gu Immortal agreed.


 But regarding the sequence, everyone argued for a long time.


 The one who was placed first naturally would get the lowest value of resources. The one who got the later rewards would gain greater value. But who had the confidence to last until the end?


 Right now, everyone was near their limit, otherwise, they would not have cooperated. If their position was later and got eliminated before they could gain the rewards, it would be a huge loss!


 Everyone thought about it for a while before deciding the sequence and continuing on.


 After defeating two Predicaments, the first rank eight Immortal Gu appeared!


 According to the sequence, it belonged to that rank six Gu Immortal.


 Under everyone’s gaze, the rank six Gu Immortal collected the Immortal Gu with trepidation.


 The two rank eight Gu Immortals did not snatch it, their turn was later, this rank six Gu Immortal also had a decent status, his father was a famous rank eight expert.


 With the appearance of a rank eight Immortal Gu, the group of seven became quite tense.


 Moving along another segment of the Upslope Road, there were no Predicaments blocking their way, but the group found a dragon horn grass.


 Dragon horn grass was an immemorial desolate plant, it was shaped like a coral, similar to a dragon horn, every segment was the length of a finger, it would grow by one segment every month.


 According to the sequence, it was Jiao Huo’s turn now.


 Jiao Huo collected the dragon horn grass while feeling helpless internally, he wanted an Immortal Gu, Longevity Heaven did not lack such immortal material resources.


 "Everyone, I can’t continue. I’m really sorry, please understand, I am not trying to leave after getting my reward!" After walking for some time, the rank six Gu Immortal said with a pale expression and shaking body.


 Yellow Bell Tribe Leader nodded: "Go back, at this rate, you will die of exhaustion."


 The rank six Gu Immortal bowed deeply and fell towards the ground.


 While in the air, he fell unconscious, luckily, there were people waiting for him at the ground.


 After the rank six Gu Immortal left, the trend started as people also reached their limits. First was the other rank eight Gu Immortal, followed by Lu Tong Lan.


 That rank eight Gu Immortal had not reached his turn yet before getting eliminated, he had an ugly expression when he left.


 Lu Tong Lan was also at her limit, she instructed Hei Lou Lan to be careful before leaving.


 Only four were left, they were Hei Lou Lan, Jiao Huo, Yellow Bell Tribe Leader, and a young rank seven Gu Immortal.


 "What Gu is this?" Everyone’s eyes lit up.


 Everyone saw an extraordinary rank eight Immortal Gu, it looked like an ant with the size of an adult’s fist, it emitted a rainbow colored light.


 "This is quantity change Gu!" Yellow Bell Tribe Leader laughed heartily, it was his turn now.


 With this Immortal Gu, he could make the target go from one to ten, ten to a hundred, increasingly greatly in quantity. Of course, the immortal essence expenditure was also raised accordingly. Some targets could not be multiplied, for example, any Immortal Gu.


 Of course, this Immortal Gu could be used in combat as well.


 For example, if the enemy shot out a torrent of flames, quantity change Gu could reduce the number of flames and weaken the enemy’s offenses rapidly.


 However, they had to defeat this Predicament in order to get the Immortal Gu.


 After an intense battle, everyone won and shared the meat together.


 Yellow Bell Tribe Leader was the happiest, not only did he get a top tier Immortal Gu, his strength also recovered to an extent.


 Everyone continued on their way.


 A Predicament blocked them again, but there was nothing on the ground.


 One could not turn back on the heavenly road, they were forced to engage in a tough battle, killing the Predicament and eating its flesh.


 Everyone recovered some more strength.


 Walking on the Upslope Road, a rank eight Immortal Gu appeared.


 It was a rhinoceros beetle that resembled an ingot of steel, it was thickly armored and stoutly built.


 "This is actually... fortitude Gu!!"


 "Fortitude Gu, did I see wrongly?’


 "It really is fortitude Gu, this is an Immortal Gu recorded in >!"


 Everyone was shocked as they looked towards the rank seven Gu Immortal. According to the sequence, it was his turn.


 This Gu Immortal was really the greatest dark horse in this Myriad Tribes Ceremony. His entire body was shaking from excitement now!


 After an intense battle, the Predicament shouted pitifully and fell on the ground.


 Everyone split the meat while the rank seven Gu Immortal took fortitude Gu.


 "This trip was worth it, it was worth it!" The rank seven Gu Immortal muttered to himself, feeling excited.


 Yellow Bell Tribe Leader spoke to recruit him.


 "I’ll consider it." The rank seven Gu Immortal rejected immediately, Yellow Bell Tribe Leader frowned before relaxing his expression immediately.


 "This person will not have a good time in the future." Hei Lou Lan saw this but did not expose it. The rank seven Gu Immortal’s pride had swelled up, he was disregarding Yellow Bell Tribe Leader, thinking he had immense value himself.


 But it was not strange, Hei Lou Lan knew that it was obvious: In the future, many people would go ahead and attempt to recruit this rank seven Gu Immortal. Maybe this rank seven Gu Immortal might get sick of hearing such words.


 Everyone set off again.


 Predicaments blocked the way, but there were no Immortal Gu or immortal materials.


 One could not backtrack on the heavenly road, they had to kill this Predicament.


 But Jiao Huo rejected the Predicament’s flesh.


 "I can’t eat it anymore, I am at my limit. If I eat any more, my heart will burn and I will die." Jiao Huo sighed, looking at Hei Lou Lan deeply before leaving.


 Only Hei Lou Lan, Yellow Bell Tribe Leader, and the rank seven Gu Immortal were left.


 Hei Lou Lan had chosen her reward earlier, now that Jiao Huo was out, according to the sequence, it was Yellow Bell Tribe Leader’s turn again.


 But after several segments of road, they had no gains, they even met two Predicaments, after an intense battle, even though they gained some flesh, the recovery could not match the expenditure, their strength fell sharply.


 "Don’t be anxious or dejected. I’ve seen the pattern already, the further we go, the more the Predicaments and the fewer the Immortal Gu and immortal materials, but any rewards that show up are all top tier!" Yellow Bell Tribe Leader tried to raise the morale, he was the next beneficiary, he did not want his efforts to be wasted here.


 Like what he said, they finally saw another rank eight Immortal Gu in the end.


 This Immortal Gu was shaped like a spider but it was a long body and many compound eyes, shining in blue and red crystal lights, it seemed like a fusion of ruby and sapphire.


 "Ability Gu! Another famous Immortal Gu from >!" Hei Lou Lan was tongue-tied.


 "This Immortal Gu is incredible, it is even better than my fortitude Gu." The rank seven Gu Immortal also gasped.


 "Kill this Predicament, I’ll stake my life to kill this Predicament!!" Yellow Bell Tribe Leader’s eyes were red, he spoke while breathing roughly.



***
Chapter 2117 Ability Gu


***





 



 The three of them charged towards the Predicament, this was truly a battle of life and death!


 The three had insufficient strength left, while this Predicament was strong beyond their expectations.


 Calamities and tribulations befell endlessly, the three immortals did their best and used their trump cards, they squeezed out every ounce of potential in them.


 Hei Lou Lan’s dark capital strength tiger totem was crippled, Yellow Bell Tribe Leader’s golden bell totem was greatly damaged, the cost of repairing it would be huge. As for the rank seven Gu Immortal, he had rain eagle totem and thunder fish totem, they both lost their ability to fight, but thankfully, this rank seven Gu Immortal had a method to fuse the two damaged totems into the thunder rain fish eagle totem.


 They avoided death narrowly!


 After fifteen minutes of stalemate, the three immortals risked their lives and finally killed the Predicament.


 Yellow Bell Tribe Leader was lying on the ground, he did not even have the strength to laugh, he could only cough: "Ability Gu is mine! You two are very skilled, regardless of whether you join my Yellow Bell Tribe, I will owe you both a favor. What are you doing!!!"


 Suddenly, Yellow Bell Tribe Leader stared with wide eyes as he shouted in anger.


 Because he saw that the rank seven Gu Immortal had secretly moved away and took the ability Gu on the ground.


 "What else? I am snatching the Gu." The rank seven Gu Immortal placed ability Gu into his immortal aperture right in front of Yellow Bell Tribe Leader.


 Cough!


 Yellow Bell Tribe Leader coughed out a mouthful of blood and fell unconscious, falling from the heavenly road.


 Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth in anger: "I was just a step away, damn it!"


 She wanted to snatch ability Gu too, but it was a pity that her location after leaving the Predicament’s body was bad, she was the furthest person from the Immortal Gu.


 Thus, that rank seven Gu Immortal succeeded.


 The rank seven Gu Immortal smiled at Hei Lou Lan before falling from the sky.


 "I do not have the strength to continue." Hei Lou Lan sighed deeply, even though she had great gains in this trip, she did not obtain any top tier Immortal Gu.


 Right when she was about to leave the place, she suddenly froze as her palm seemed to have touched something.


 "It feels like... an invisible Gu worm?"


 Hei Lou Lan looked at it with deep focus, because she had touched the Immortal Gu, she could sense this Gu worm’s strength path aura.


 "An invisible rank eight Immortal Gu? What can it be? Don’t tell me..." Hei Lou Lan was extremely happy, she grabbed the mysterious Immortal Gu and left the heavenly road.


 >, chapter five, section thirty-four —


 Legend says that Ren Zu encountered the greatest Predicament in his life, he ended up creating his seventh child, Great Strength True Martial, and was saved as a result.


 Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial started to travel together.


 Great Strength True Martial asked: "Father, where are we going now?"


 Ren Zu replied: "My son, you still do not know the situation, I will explain it to you. I originally wanted to save your brothers and sisters, but fate Gu arranged everything, not allowing us to have a reunion. Right now, we need to break free from fate’s control in order to be with our family again."


 After hearing the story, Great Strength True Martial could not help but shout in anger: "This fate Gu is too wicked."


 At the same time, strong Gu also shouted in his heart: "Experts hate restraints, especially fate."


 Ren Zu patted Great Strength True Martial’s head and consoled: "Don’t worry, I have already thought of a way. I will use self Gu to gain strength and wisdom, after, I will obtain freedom Gu and break free from fate Gu’s control. Now, let us go to a place called Qian Kun Crystal Wall, we will search for wisdom Gu there."


 Great Strength True Martial nodded: "Let us go there then."


 Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial walked and walked, the road was uneven, there were many upslope and downslope roads.


 Strong Gu encouraged Great Strength True Martial: "Oh human, walk on the Upslope Road, even though it is a harder journey, there are often good things there!"


 Great Strength True Martial nodded: "Experts like to walk on the Upslope Road."


 Great Strength True Martial took great effort to walk up the Upslope Road, he looked around and called out: "There’s nothing here at all."


 "No, it is right by your feet, pick it up now." Strong Gu instructed.


 Great Strength True Martial squatted down, searching the ground with his hands, as expected, he found something hard, it was an invisible Gu.


 "I found something good." Great Strength True Martial laughed: "So it is effort Gu."


 Ren Zu found it strange: "My son, how did you find out its name? We can’t see what it looks like."


 Great Strength True Martial scratched his head: "The moment I obtained it, I saw effort Gu’s appearance. As for why I know this is effort Gu, well, every expert should know what effort is. This is natural, there is nothing strange about it."


 After all, you cannot see the effort of other people.


 The pair of father and son set off again.


 "This is great, now that I have effort Gu, it will help me greatly." Great Strength True Martial walked as he looked at effort Gu, feeling very happy.


 He continued to choose the Upslope Road.


 Ren Zu asked curiously: "Is effort Gu really that amazing? Can it allow you to achieve success?"


 Great Strength True Martial shook his head: "Effort might not necessarily lead to success, but effort will give you a result. Regardless of the result, whether you put in effort or not will show a difference."


 Ren Zu was very worried: "Oh son, you have just been born, don’t be deceived by the Gu. I had once been deceived by wisdom Gu. I see that you are covered in sweat and pant heavily each time you walk on the Upslope Road, I do not see effort Gu helping you at all. I’ve heard of such rumors too, effort Gu can sometimes lie to you."


 Great Strength True Martial shook his head as he wiped the sweat off his forehead: "Father, because you cannot see the effort I put in, you misunderstood things. You cannot understand the amount of effort I put in to walk this Upslope Road. Actually, the result of my effort is below my feet, every step, I move higher and further. There are many good things on the Upslope Road, humans cannot obtain them without effort."


 "Is that really the case?" Ren Zu was half convinced and suspicious.


 Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial continued on their journey.


 Great Strength True Martial kept walking on the Upslope Road, he continued to move up higher, he obtained authority Gu and fortitude Gu.


 In the later part of the road, he found humility Gu and forgiveness Gu as well.


 These two Gu worms took the initiative to follow Great Strength True Martial.


 Great Strength True Martial asked for the reason while they replied matter-of-factly: "Because humility (forgiveness) is the authority of an expert to begin with."


 Because Great Strength True Martial walked on the Upslope Road, an ability Gu suddenly appeared within him.


 Great Strength True Martial held ability Gu as he said to Ren Zu: "Look father, this is the result of effort Gu. It awakened my potential, I have my own ability now!"


 Ren Zu asked: "Then what is the use of this ability Gu?"


 Great Strength True Martial shook his head: "I am not sure. People will only know their abilities and their strength after they use them. But it is definitely useful, it can last my entire lifetime."


 Ren Zu shook his head, he still felt that his son was deceived by the Gu.


 Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial continued walking, the situation on the road was getting worse.


 Downslope Road was easier to walk on, but it was getting rarer, there were more and more segments of Upslope Road.


 Not only so, more and more Predicaments appeared on the road.


 "Isn’t there an easier road to walk on?" Ren Zu was helpless.


 Cognition Gu flew towards Ren Zu: "Oh human, there is no other way. The more valuable thing you try to pursue, the more segments of the Upslope Road you need to walk on, and the more Predicaments you need to overcome."


 Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial had to continue on their way.


 Indeed, as cognition Gu had said, they encountered more and more Predicaments, their road was completely blocked.


 Ren Zu said: "Don’t be afraid of the Predicaments, we still have our hope."


 "But hope alone cannot defeat the Predicament, at this time, you will need me." Great Strength True Martial’s ability Gu spoke.


 Great Strength True Martial used his ability, defeating many Predicaments.


 Ren Zu sighed at long last: "My son, your ability Gu is too amazing, it can actually do this. It seems I have underestimated your effort and ability."


 Great Strength True Martial smiled: "Often, we humans do not lack abilities, we lack the opportunities to display them."


 Strong Gu shouted in his heart with great ambition: "Kill them all, let’s eat them all! That way, we can become even stronger."


 Great Strength True Martial killed many Predicaments, he started to eat the Predicaments’ head.


 "So this is a bitter head? It is really bitter. But I can feel myself getting stronger."


 He started to eat the Predicament’s loss.


 Great Strength True Martial immediately spat it out: "Experts do not like to swallow losses."


 He also ate the Predicament’s flesh.


 Strong Gu got bigger, Great Strength True Martial also became more muscular than before.


 Strong Gu was very satisfied about this change: "In this world, only by becoming stronger can one avoid getting bullied."


 Great Strength True Martial gave some of the meat to Ren Zu: "Oh father, eat something, you are too skinny."


 Ren Zu was so thin he looked like a rack of bones.


 Eventually, Great Strength True Martial tossed ability Gu into the tribulation.


 Ability Gu went through great hurdles and difficulties, but it got larger and stronger as well.


 All sorts of tribulations and difficulties were prime opportunities to train one’s ability, to develop one’s ability, and to increase one’s ability.


 ...


 Several days later, in Eastern Sea.


 Fang Yuan looked at the two rank eight Immortal Gu in his hands, they were fortitude Gu and ability Gu!


 "This time, my clone Zhan Bu Du did a great job, this is a great gain for us." Fang Yuan was very happy internally.


 It turned out that after the fate war, Fang Yuan sent Zhan Bu Du into Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven immediately.


 Fang Yuan knew about Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven long ago, there was information about it in the five hundred years of his previous life. Ma Hong Yun had once entered and walked on the heavenly road, obtaining fortitude Gu in the end.


 Even though Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven was secluded, there were ways to sneak in. Otherwise, there would not be so many outsiders sacrificed during the Myriad Tribes Ceremony.


 Before annexing Lang Ya Sect, Fang Yuan knew about Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven but did not have ways to enter.


 But Lang Ya Sect could.


 Lang Ya land spirit had once tried to recruit Chu Du, he even asked Fang Yuan to help in this matter. It was because Lang Ya land spirit had this method, he wanted to send Chu Du inside to explore and gain benefits.


 The most popular paths in Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven were food path, strength path, and transformation path, among which, pure strength path cultivators were the most successful.


 After annexing Lang Ya Sect, Fang Yuan gained control of this method.


 He used it to send Zhan Bu Du inside.


 And his gains were much larger than expected.


 "Fortitude Gu is useful to me, ability Gu also has great prospects in the future. As for Hei Lou Lan, she went to Longevity Heaven and is receiving a lot of attention and help, it seems. It is a pity that Zhan Bu Du did not have the strength to kill her at that point in time." Fang Yuan did not feel much pity about this.


 Hei Lou Lan was not important, the key was Crazed Demon Cave and the impending conflict between venerables!



***
Chapter 2118 Wisdom Path Great Grandmaster


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Meng Qiu Zhen was exploring another dream realm.


 Deep in the mountains, Meng Qiu Zhen sat cross-legged on a cliff with a torrential waterfall below him.


 "Immortal, immortal!" A young man was covered in injuries, he crawled towards Fang Yuan and begged him to take him in as a disciple.


 "You want me to be your master?" Meng Qiu Zhen smiled while feeling surprised internally, he tried to decipher the rules of this dream realm.


 In the past, Fang Yuan would need to test it himself, but now, Meng Qiu Zhen had the dream path Immortal Gu, Dream Butterfly!


 He activated dream butterfly Immortal Gu secretly to investigate while stalling for time as he spoke: "You are a mere mortal, but since you are able to find me after so many hurdles, this means we are fated. I have three cultivation paths, I will impart you one of them."


 The young man was overjoyed, he kowtowed continuously on the hard ground, a dull sound was heard each time.


 Meng Qiu Zhen said: "The first path is formation path, it emphasizes on..."


 Meng Qiu Zhen continued to explain, he said the truth without any lies in his words.


 The young man nodded in hesitation: "Lord immortal, even though formation path is very complex, I am willing to work hard!"


 Meng Qiu Zhen shook his head, saying: "No hurry, my second path is strength path, it is powerful and direct, the advantage lies in..."


 After Meng Qiu Zhen finished his words, the young man became very excited: "I want to learn strength path!"


 Meng Qiu Zhen smiled again: "I have a third path, wisdom path. Strength path is very common but wisdom path is rare, it can benefit you immensely. Among which..."


 After a lengthy description, the young man was overwhelmed with excitement: "Lord immortal, lord immortal! I am most willing to learn wisdom path, please teach me."


 At this time, dream butterfly Immortal Gu finished investigating the dream realm.


 The dream realm was not small, it had eight scenes.


 It turned out that the immortal had once unknowingly destroyed a mortal village, causing the death of the young man’s parents.


 The young man became all alone, he suffered greatly in the mortal world, not knowing who his enemy was.


 After much effort, he finally became the disciple of this immortal. He had great aptitude and had the Ten Extreme Physique, he was very suited for wisdom path cultivation.


 When the young man found out that his enemy was his master, he started to exact revenge.


 In the final scene, the master and disciple turned on each other, this was a difficult dream.


 "No matter what I impart, this disciple will learn it completely and even innovate to surpass the master. Furthermore, he will cultivate wisdom path secondarily and have incredible wisdom path methods."


 "Thus, this first scene is the most important chance to weaken this disciple!" Meng Qiu Zhen realized internally.


 Without dream butterfly Immortal Gu, he had to test it himself, he definitely could not pass with his first try, his soul would get injured.


 Meng Qiu Zhen would need to recuperate, wasting time and resources. After that, he would need to restart and explore the dream realm again.


 But with dream butterfly Immortal Gu, he had the initiative, he was not in such a passive spot.


 Even though dream butterfly Immortal Gu could only investigate the situation, the value of information was simply priceless.


 Looking at the young man, Meng Qiu Zhen thought about it and smiled: "Then I will impart you my wisdom path cultivation. This method was not created by me, but I modified it personally, I named it — Nine-nine Multiplication Table."


 "Nine-nine multiplication table?" The young man’s eyes shined, just from the name, he felt that it was grand and impressive, it had an immortal flair.


 Meng Qiu Zhen continued to spout nonsense: "Nine is the perfect number, nine times nine represents the concept of countless and boundless, the multiplication method is the rule of all beings, the extreme profundity of the natural order, those who lack aptitude cannot comprehend it. Come, let me teach you the first killer move — One Times One is One!"


 The young man held his breath, he listened attentively and muttered to himself: "One times one is one, one times one is one, one times one is one."


 Not long after, at the final scene.


 "Master, this is my final..."


 "Shut up! Don’t call me master, you traitorous disciple, I am not your master."


 "No, even so, I will call you my..."


 "Shut up! I worked so hard to nurture you, I imparted my strongest method, the nine-nine multiplication table to you, but yet you repaid my kindness with enmity!"


 "No, master. No matter how angry you are, it is a fact you killed my parents, there is no resolving that grudge. For the last time, I will call you my..."


 Meng Qiu Zhen did not care, he directly used his killer move on his disciple.


 The disciple was constantly interrupted, he could not call him ’master’ for the last time.


 Meng Qiu Zhen wanted to see this. Because he understood this disciple, who had created his own raging emotion killer move, it was incredible, it could use wisdom path to allow all sorts of emotions to surge in power. If he managed to say it, he would feel a sense of freedom, he would be able to use the killer move freely.


 Once he activated the killer move raging emotion, he would gain a huge advantage in this dream realm, Meng Qiu Zhen would face great difficulty in trying to pass it.


 The battle progressed like how Meng Qiu Zhen predicted, he kept attacking and did not give his disciple a chance to talk.


 His disciple was constantly suppressed, without a choice, he had to give up on his strongest raging emotion killer move and use the nine-nine multiplication table method instead.


 Immortal killer move — Eight Times Eight Is Eighty-Eight!


 After a long time of fighting, his disciple finally used his killer move.


 Cough!


 He had just activated the killer move when it failed immediately, he suffered a backlash and became gravely injured.


 "This killer move is wrong! Master, don’t tell me you..." The disciple looked at Meng Qiu Zhen in disbelief.


 "Oh my foolish little disciple, I’ll tell you the real name of this killer move — Eight Times Eight Is Sixty-Six!" Meng Qiu Zhen snickered coldly as he attacked viciously[1].


 The disciple lasted only a few rounds before his head was taken, he died with grievance.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan’s main body was comprehending killer moves now.


 Using Gu worms alone often had all sorts of demerits or side effects. To fix this or to reduce the side effects, Gu cultivators started to use multiple Gu worms together in cooperation.


 Killer moves were naturally developed on this basis.


 Killer moves involved the use of multiple Gu worms, among the three aspects of nurture, use, and refinement, they came under ’use’.


 When cultivators developed killer moves, they were surprised to find that natural killer moves existed in nature all along. From the bodies of desolate beasts or desolate plants, these cultivators found that they had many innate abilities, these abilities were all profound and mystical, like the upper extreme heavenly eagle’s ability to enter and exit blessed lands and grotto-heavens.


 The upper extreme heavenly eagle had dense space path dao marks on its body, these dao marks were distributed in a certain pattern, following the rules of space path to grant it the ’innate ability’ to enter and leave blessed lands and grotto-heavens.


 Thus, the essence of killer moves was dao marks.


 "In this aspect, totem killer moves are the closest to the original form of killer moves." Fang Yuan praised internally.


 Totem killer moves were developed in Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven, they did not exist elsewhere.


 Totem killer moves had very high status, they could complement ordinary killer moves and battlefield killer moves, being on the same level as them.


 With regard to using Gu, other than using single Gu worms, there were ordinary killer moves, battlefield killer moves, ancient battle formations, current generation Gu formations, as well as mortal and Immortal Gu Houses. But now, on this foundation, there was a new type — totem killer moves!


 Compared to other ways of using Gu, totem killer moves had a clear advantage.


 The most obvious one was that activating them was easy and quick, even a fool could control them. Totem killer moves needed very few thoughts, they were reliant on primeval essence or immortal essence instead. Unlike ordinary killer moves which needed to activate every single Gu worm, the processes were very different.


 Secondly, totem killer moves were easy to assemble, the maintenance cost was also low. The Gu worms of ordinary killer moves needed constant feeding. The cultivator would also need a lot of time to find appropriate Gu worms. As for totem killer moves, they only needed the corresponding food ingredients. Gu materials were much easier to find than Gu worms!


 The cost of feeding Gu worms was very high, but once totem killer moves were created, they would exist on the user’s body, not requiring further food. Of course, if they were damaged, they would need to be repaired. By then, the cultivator would need to eat the respective food ingredients.


 Thirdly, totem killer moves were very easy to publicize, many people could use them at the same time. Also, totem killer moves were suited for all paths!


 Of course, there were disadvantages as well.


 For example, the cost of creating a totem was not low. Also, with the creation of a totem, it would greatly affect the Gu cultivator’s future cultivation, after all, it contained dao marks. And finally, totems were powerful but they had fixed methods, they were easy to counter. This was quite similar to Gu Houses.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, he felt that the totem killer moves had some similarity to beast strength phantoms.


 "These Demon Venerables and Immortal Venerables have unimaginable talent. Even though Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s personality was quite unexpected, his scheming abilities are top notch."


 Originally, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s grotto-heaven only had strength path and transformation path dao marks.


 But from what Fang Yuan learned from Old Eccentric Tian Nan’s true inheritance, he used the beastman’s method against them, fusing his own immortal aperture into the gluttonous demon frog’s body.


 This was simply akin to the action of a deity, it could not be described in plain words!


 The gluttonous demon frog was a food path legendary immemorial beast, with it encompassing the immortal aperture, and along with Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s method, Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven started to develop a food path environment.


 This food path environment was crucial!


 It was because of the food path dao marks that Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven’s cultivators could use refinement path methods to cook while having low food path attainment, creating the food that could allow them to cultivate totem killer moves.


 In the outside world, without the help of a food path environment, Gu cultivators could not create such food so easily.


 "This is actually food path cultivation!"


 Fang Yuan thought about Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance.


 In this true inheritance, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable developed food path, allowing tea recipes to become food path recipes. Using Gu materials to create tea, the cultivator could drink it to gain dao marks.


 The essence of the totem killer moves in Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven was the same.


 Gu cultivators could absorb the dao marks of Gu materials into their own bodies and create totem killer moves gradually. Totem killer moves were very suitable for their own cultivator, because during the process, their bodies would choose to absorb whatever it could absorb as nutrients.


 "Hmm?" Fang Yuan’s expression changed slightly, his thoughts were interrupted for a moment.


 "My wisdom path reached great grandmaster attainment level." He could feel this change immediately, but his expression remained tranquil and peaceful.


 [1] This is the author’s idea of a joke, possibly regarding readers talking about his mathematics skills.



***
Chapter 2119 Li Xiao Bais Immortal Ascension


***





 



 Soon, Fang Yuan placed the matter of his wisdom path attainment level aside as he continued his comprehension.


 "Be they Reckless Savage Demon Venerable or Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, they have a deep understanding of food path. In this aspect, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable is inferior to Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, he only made use of the gluttonous demon frog. But the way he used the food path environment to create the totem killer move archetype is truly too amazing." Even Fang Yuan could not stint on the praise towards such a move.


 If one truly cultivated totem killer moves purely, they would need to undergo continuous deductions.


 But in Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven, Gu cultivators only had to devour food ingredients and use the food path environment to naturally select the most suitable nutrition by their bodies themselves, those dao marks would develop into all sorts of totems on their own.


 This was like using food path to make up for any deficiency in wisdom path, allowing countless totem killer moves to be born.


 As for the Gu materials that the Gu cultivators devoured, where did those come from?


 They were naturally produced by Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven itself.


 Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven had bountiful transformation path dao marks, there were many mutated beasts and plants here, they had mutated and developed forms that far surpassed the five regions in diversity.


 The wild beasts or plants living in Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven were all unique existences in the grotto-heaven, they could not be found elsewhere.


 When Gu cultivators devour the mutated Gu materials, their totems would also continue to change and elevate. From this perspective, the Gu cultivator was making use of Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven’s natural development to allow the totem killer moves to develop as well. Eventually, they would produce stunning results.


 Just what Zhan Bu Du heard when he lurked in there was that there were over nine thousand basic totems in Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven.


 Dark capital strength tiger, rain eagle totem, thunder fish totem, and golden bell totem were just part of them. Not to mention that aside from these basic totems, there were also unique totems that belonged to certain individuals.


 "These totem killer moves are not very helpful to me, but there is high reference value in all the recipes that exist here!"


 Fang Yuan originally had a food path true inheritance, it came from Shadow Sect and was the original food path inheritance in the world. Not long ago, Fang Yuan also obtained Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance, obtaining all sorts of food path killer moves, there were tea recipes that could increase the number of dao marks on a Gu cultivator’s body. And now, Fang Yuan obtained all sorts of recipes to create totem killer moves.


 Combining all of his accumulations, food path had developed to a certain degree, Fang Yuan was starting to see its true profundity and depth.


 "All along, I thought that food path most excelled in feeding Gu and reducing the burden on the Gu cultivator. But the truth is, this is only one advantage of food path, the true power of food path is to help the Gu cultivator gain extra dao marks and raise their foundation!"


 The advantage of food path was to sustain the livelihood of the Gu cultivator and Gu worms, while also using specific methods to make the target even stronger than before.


 Fang Yuan had wisdom path great grandmaster attainment level, his wisdom path deductions were elevated to a new level. Thus, Fang Yuan could deduce all sorts of food path killer moves from just these recipes alone.


 Food path had a huge difference compared to other paths, most food path killer moves were used on the user themselves.


 Fang Yuan had a lot of immortal materials, if he expended them to form food path killer moves that were used on the sovereign immortal body, he would gain a vast number of dao marks!


 Fang Yuan estimated: "If I compare the benefits, annexing grotto-heavens gives me the most dao marks, each time, I will gain millions of them. But now that the sovereign immortal aperture is reaching its peak capacity, the balance of the habitat is already close to toppling, if I continue with that, I will start to experience unfavorable losses instead."


 "Using these food path killer moves to increase my dao marks might have small gains each time but with enough attempts, I can also accumulate a huge amount of dao marks."


 "Additionally, to prepare for Crazed Demon Cave, I need to create some defensive food path methods against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable."


 Spectral Soul’s killer moves, bitter taste and swallow loss, left a huge impression on Fang Yuan.


 He could not ignore them!


 At the same time, because food path was not popularized, ordinary Gu Immortals could not effectively defend against it. Thus, if Fang Yuan developed some food path offensive methods, there might be great results too.


 Fang Yuan held expectations towards food path, but the extent was not big.


 Because his enemies in Crazed Demon Cave were either Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. The latter’s proficiency at food path was definitely higher than Fang Yuan, while the former had wisdom path quasi-supreme grandmaster attainment, the former leader of Heavenly Court, how could she falter so easily against food path?


 "The enemies are too strong, food path is only a minor method, it cannot be used on that stage. But development is still necessary, I need to have defense against it at least. When I fight against Spectral Soul again, I will not be disadvantaged in food path anymore."


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan gave his time path clone new missions to refine another batch of Immortal Gu.


 During this period of time, the time path clone had been using Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool to refine rank eight Immortal Gu without pausing.


 A large number of Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan possessed had already been elevated to rank eight!


 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had a terrifying success rate for refining rank eight Immortal Gu. Together with his huge stock of immortal materials and rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus’ immortal essence, there was nothing that could stop Fang Yuan from refining rank eight Gu in bulk.


 Most of his Immortal Gu were rank eight already.


 The time path clone started to have free time, he refined some rank six or seven Immortal Gu as well.


 Fang Yuan had a vast number of Immortal Gu recipes. These Immortal Gu recipes mostly came from Lang Ya Sect, while a portion came from his various inheritances. Even without Immortal Gu recipe, with Fang Yuan’s increasingly powerful wisdom path methods and quasi-supreme grandmaster refinement path attainment level, he could also create his own with some casual deductions.


 Earlier, the time path clone had already refined a batch of theft path Immortal Gu.


 Most of these Immortal Gu were rank six, a few were elevated to rank seven.


 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool could refine rank eight Immortal Gu in bulk, those rank six and seven Immortal Gu were simply too easy in comparison.


 The only thing stopping Fang Yuan was the fact that Immortal Gu were unique.


 In this world, Gu Immortals had to make immense preparations until they reached their limit to refine Immortal Gu, after all that hardship and difficulty, they might not even succeed. The success rate was just too low! If anyone found out that Fang Yuan was refining Gu like this,they would be in disbelief and shock.


 The truth was, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was something that surpassed the limits of any Gu Immortal’s imagination!


 As for the theft path Immortal Gu that he refined, Fang Yuan used them to reconstruct Thieves Den.


 The previous Thieves Den Immortal Gu House had been used too many times, it was the original version made by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was no longer suited for Fang Yuan. Thus, Fang Yuan used it as the foundation to modify and make adjustments.


 Even so, he was mainly focusing on repairing and replenishing lacking Gu worms, he made few modifications, after all, this Immortal Gu House came from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, be it structure or killer moves, it was close to being perfect. Fang Yuan could modify it because the eras had changed, new Gu worms were developed that suited Thieves Den even more.


 Cooking Luck Pot, Thieves Den, and Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, these were the three main Immortal Gu Houses that Fang Yuan focused on.


 With Fang Yuan’s current refinement ability, he could definitely reconstruct Dragon Palace and Myriad Year Flying Warship.


 But thinking about it, Fang Yuan wisely chose to give up on them.


 These two Immortal Gu Houses had been used too many times, everyone knew about their information, they were also peak creations that had little room for modification.


 If Fang Yuan rebuilt them and used them in battle, they would definitely be countered.


 Ordinary enemies were still fine, but Crazed Demon Cave had Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, there could even be Limitless Demon Venerable!


 If Di Zang Sheng were still enslaved under Fang Yuan, there was still a bit of value in Dragon Palace. Unfortunately, Di Zang Sheng was sealed by Heavenly Court, if Fang Yuan attacked Heavenly Court for it, he would waste a lot of effort and time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would have more opportunities to make her moves.


 "Rather than rebuilding Immortal Gu Houses, I should design new ones. And the new Immortal Gu Houses that I conceptualize should revolve around my combat system as well."


 Qi Sea Ancestor had already been preparing his own combat system, Fang Yuan was also facing the same difficult question.


 "Against venerables, I need to have an outstanding combat system. It is a pity that Duke Long is dead while Demon Immortal Qi Jue is sealed, without them as my grindstones, I will have a lack of experience in creating my combat system."


 Fang Yuan had always been considering his own combat systems.


 He actually wanted some people with equivalent battle strength to show up so that he could have the inspiration to make a mature combat system.


 Currently, Fang Yuan’s most mature combat systems were sword path and time path, he used them during the fate war. Now that he gained rank eight fortitude Gu and ability Gu, he might be able to create a combat system around strength path as well.


 Bzzz bzzz bzzz....


 Cooking Luck Pot started to vibrate.


 "Oh?" Fang Yuan raised his head and observed his own luck as well as those of his clones.


 Soon, his expression became quite peculiar.


 On the surface of his silver-white pillar of light, many small grey clouds formed.


 Fang Yuan observed them carefully, he soon found that these external clouds came from Li Xiao Bai.


 The luck of other clones was tranquil, but Li Xiao Bai’s luck was changing intensely.


 Fang Yuan deduced internally: "So Li Xiao Bai is undergoing immortal ascension. Looking at how his luck is changing, he is going to have a small problem. But why does this problem involve my main body? And looking at this, it has a huge relationship with me!"


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 Thunder rumbled and lightning flashed, the sky was covered in dark tribulation clouds.


 Li Xiao Bai was dressed in white and he floated in the air, a thick cocoon of triple qi layers covered his entire body.


 Li Xiao Bai was at the crucial moment of his immortal ascension!


 "Xiao Bai, you must persevere." Su Qi Han was very worried, she stared at him with a fixed gaze, at the person whom she loved dearly.


 Boom.


 A pale green lightning ball shot down from the dark clouds with a trail behind it, approaching Li Xiao Bai.


 Su Qi Han shouted in shock, at the crucial moment, Li Xiao Bai used his killer move and created a poem wall that blocked the lightning ball.


 "This Li Xiao Bai is actually able to balance the three qi while blocking the tribulation with relative ease!" Far away, a young-looking man stared with eerie eyes, gritting his teeth.


 "If you really become an immortal, then I, Du Zhi Xiao, will never be able to make it big. Oh Li Xiao Bai, blame yourself for being too outstanding. Being born in the same era as you is truly the misfortune of everyone who is forced to be a side character."


 The young man Du Zhi Xiao said while shooting out a wave of grey smoke.


 The grey smoke floated up and entered the tribulation cloud, causing it to become turbulent as the clouds rumbled intensely, shooting out three pale green lightning balls in response.


 "What is happening? Someone made a move!" Su Qi Han watched as her eyes turned red: "Xiao Bai is in danger!!"



***
Chapter 2120 From Today Onwards, You Are The Poet Immortal!


***





 



 Seeing that the tribulation lightning was about to hit Li Xiao Bai, Su Qi Han flew into the sky.


 She charged up relentlessly, wanting to sacrifice herself to block the lightning.


 "Sigh, this foolish daughter." A figure suddenly appeared, stopping Su Qi Han.


 Su Qi Han saw the person who came and became joyful and surprised, shouting: "Father!"


 He was the current dynasty’s Imperial Minister Su, a rank seven Gu Immortal of Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 "Li Xiao Bai is my son-in-law, why would I let him die on his own? Just be patient and watch, don’t create trouble." Imperial Minister Su consoled Su Qi Han while sighing internally.


 Truly, daughters would leave the parents to be with their husbands eventually.


 Even though Imperial Minister Su appreciated Li Xiao Bai’s aptitude, he was against Li Xiao Bai’s actions.


 Originally, Imperial Minister Su wanted Li Xiao Bai to marry into his family and to impart him Su clan’s inheritance, so that Li Xiao Bai could undergo immortal ascension and become an official in the Imperial Court, he would progress smoothly and become a support pillar of Su clan.


 But Li Xiao Bai continued to wander outside and gather more knowledge, he did not want to become an official, this action made Imperial Minister Su very unhappy.


 Minister Su had made his attempts to recruit him in the past, but Li Xiao Bai’s vision was too broad, why would he care about the small Imperial Court within Profound Literature grotto-heaven? He was Gu Yue Fang Yuan’s clone, he had grand ambitions, this Profound Literature grotto-heaven could not hold him down.


 "Even though this lad does not know what’s good for him, he is still a Su clan member, the man that my daughter loves. Even though he is too rash in undergoing tribulation this time and does not know fear, I need to protect him!" Imperial Minister Su sighed deeply, waving his robe, a bright rainbow shot out, blocking the three pale green lightning balls.


 "Damn it, damn it! Imperial Minister Su came after all!" Du Zhi Xiao watched with and shuddered in anger, he screamed internally with indignance: "Li Xiao Bai, you are simply too lucky, such a great person actually defended you. I hate it, I hate everything about you!"


 Du Zhi Xiao watched as his plans were about to fail, right at this moment, a figure appeared on his left.


 This figure appeared from the sky, it was clearly a Gu Immortal.


 The masked Gu Immortal charged towards Imperial Minister Su.


 Imperial Minister Su had to fight against him, he showed anger on his face: "Come! I have many political enemies, which one of them are you? You have such methods!"


 The masked Gu Immortal spoke in a hoarse voice: "Imperial Minister Su, you understand it as well. Your son-in-law is exceptional but he is simply too dazzling. It is better if your Su clan is not so strong! Don’t even think of helping him now."


 "Someone is helping me?! Hahaha, great, wonderful!" Du Zhi Xiao was slightly stunned before becoming extremely happy, he started to jump around in joy.


 "Father!" Su Qi Han shouted from the ground: "Help Xiao Bai."


 Boom.


 The tribulation lightning struck again, Li Xiao Bai had to use his killer move and create a poem wall.


 Du Zhi Xiao screamed wildly: "Don’t even think of blocking it!"


 Grey smoke appeared from his body again, raising the power of the tribulation.


 The poem wall was broken by the tribulation lightning, but most of its might was blocked, only the pale green fire was left on Li Xiao Bai’s body, burning him.


 "Xiao Bai!" Su Qi Han was deeply shocked, she charged towards him without second thoughts.


 Since she could not resolve this problem, she would rather die together with Li Xiao Bai!


 But at the crucial moment, Li Xiao Bai’s hand pushed out of the cocoon, he waved at Su Qi Han: "Don’t be rash, in this situation, in this danger, I gained a surge of inspiration, I have a feeling, I have the urge to recite a poem."


 "What?" Su Qi Han was stunned.


 Imperial Minister Su and the masked Gu Immortal also froze halfway through their fight.


 Imperial Minister Su could not help but turn to look, the reason was that in the current dynasty and mortal world, there were many rumors of Li Xiao Bai surviving fatal danger by creating and reciting poems spontaneously.


 "Again? I want to see if you have the ability to surpass the might of heaven itself!" Du Zhi Xiao had an extremely grim and dark expression.


 In the past, he had an overwhelming advantage with victory in sight. In the end, because of Li Xiao Bai’s poem, he turned the situation around and won.


 This experience became the great psychological trauma of Du Zhi Xiao’s life!


 Everyone listened attentively as Li Xiao Bai recited:


 Under the pine trees I ask of a disciple,


 He replies, his master had gone to gather herbs.


 Somewhere in the mountain he was for certain,


 Within the dense clouds, his figure is hidden.


 A chain of black characters flew out of Li Xiao Bai’s mouth, becoming four segments that revolved around him.


 A few breaths later, the poem turned into dense smoke that moved turbulently around him.


 The pale green fire on Li Xiao Bai’s body got completely absorbed into the smoke.


 With a soft sound, the white clouds vanished while the pale green fire was extinguished, no longer able to obstruct Li Xiao Bai.


 Du Zhi Xiao was dumbfounded.


 Imperial Minister Su praised immediately: "Good poem, good poem. The diction is concise and straightforward, the words used can stir deep emotions, there is profundity in its plainness. To describe complex feelings with simple words, yet the sentiments are sincere and exciting!"


 Su Qi Han raised her hands to her chest and looked up at Li Xiao Bai, her eyes shining with adoration: "Xiao Bai is truly a genius! The poem is free of flashy descriptions and feels very natural, but has vivid descriptions and appropriate intensity. Green pines and white clouds. The green and lush pines contain unparalleled vitality, the vast white clouds are thick and dense, remote and elusive, it makes one think of the autumn waters and beautiful women that remain as figures within the fog. It’s so beautiful, this poem and its meaning is really too beautiful!"


 The masked Gu Immortal laughed: "I understand, I understand now. Li Xiao Bai, you are a true secluded genius, the white clouds in the poem show your high purity, the pines represent your upright attitude. You want to get away from the mundane mortal realm and go to the world of pines and clouds that is beyond. I was simply worrying for nothing, how can a person like you lower yourself to the Imperial Court? Forget it, forget it, I’m leaving, I’m leaving. With talent like yours, if you die, it is the loss of the entire world in terms of poetry development! I don’t want to be a sinner whose rotten reputation goes down in history."


 As the masked Gu Immortal said that, he turned around and left.


 Imperial Minister Su, who had a complex expression, was left behind.


 "He left? He let him go just like that?!" Du Zhi Xiao spat out a mouthful of blood, he stumbled backwards for a few steps, barely controlling himself and not falling over.


 "This happened again, another person was convinced by Li Xiao Bai’s literary talent once again. I am indignant, I am not convinced, this is the treatment that I should receive instead!"


 "Ahhhh!" Du Zhi Xiao screamed madly as grey smoke appeared from his body again.


 At the same time, Du Zhi Xiao’s appearance turned old, he went from a young man to a middle aged man.


 The grey smoke floated to the air and was discovered by Imperial Minister Su: "You are the one causing trouble? Du Zhi Xiao, the former number one scholar in the world, to think you would act so despicably!"


 Du Zhi Xiao smiled bitterly: "Number one scholar in the world? I am no longer number one, I will reclaim this title personally!"


 Imperial Minister Su called out: "It seems that I am forced to kill you today."


 "Wishful thinking!" Another person flew over from the right of Du Zhi Xiao.


 This Gu Immortal was also masked.


 "Another person is helping me?" Du Zhi Xiao was overjoyed.


 The masked Gu Immortal fought against Imperial Minister Su, who was helpless to intervene anymore, watching as the grey smoke flew into the tribulation cloud.


 The tribulation’s power rose again, three pale lightning balls shot towards Li Xiao Bai.


 Imperial Minister Su was very angry: "I have many political enemies, which one of them are you?"


 The masked Gu Immortal smiled coldly: "So what if you manage to guess it? Your son-in-law cannot block this tribulation cloud, he is dead meat!"


 "Xiao Bai!" Su Qi Han shouted again, her voice was filled with agony, her expression was of despair.


 But Li Xiao Bai waved his hand again: "In this situation, in this danger, I gained a surge of inspiration, I have a feeling, I have the urge to recite a poem again."


 "What?? Again? I don’t believe it, I don’t believe it!" Du Zhi Xiao shook his head in madness.


 Imperial Minister Su was still worried: "Stimulation from danger can allow a Gu cultivator to gain a burst of inspiration and create a work that is divine and change his situation for the better. This has happened many times in the history of the current dynasty, but such situations often use up the Gu cultivator’s potential, it cannot be forced. Li Xiao Bai is in danger!"


 "Xiao Bai, I believe you, quickly recite it." Su Qi Han was filled with confidence.


 Li Xiao Bai coughed once, sighing internally.


 He did not want to keep a high profile, but there was no helping it.


 His methods could not resist the tribulation alone, he had to rely on Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s killer move, assisting literary talents.


 This killer move was used by Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s original owner, as long as the grotto-heaven existed, it would be effective.


 As long as a purebred human created or recited outstanding poems or writings of any kind, they would obtain recognition and reward from this grotto-heaven.


 Earlier, because of Li Xiao Bai’s poem, he was rewarded and the pale green fire was extinguished.


 Thus, Li Xiao Bai recited again:


 Over a thousand hills with no birds in flight,


 The myriad paths had not one footprint in sight.


 A straw hat man sits in a small lone boat,


 Fishing alone in the cold frozen moat.


 Once the poem was recited, the tribulation lightning dispersed, the effect was simply too good!


 "Good poem, this is a divine poem! Fishing alone in the frozen water, it is eerily quiet and chilly cold. Comparing a thousand hills and a lone fishing boat, the absolute contrast produces absolutely breathtaking effects. In this backdrop, the intense yin produces yang instead, a reverse reaction occurs and the fishing action becomes full of vitality and vivid movement, everything becomes crystal clear, showing the poet’s clean inner heart, surpassing the mortal realm and having pride that is transcendent to all. I get it now, i really understand now. Li Xiao Bai, you never wanted to be an official from the start! You have such incredible talent, I really cannot bring myself to kill you, I am leaving!" The second masked Gu Immortal sighed with deep emotions, he praised intensely before leaving.


 Cough!


 Du Zhi Xiao coughed out another mouthful of blood, falling to the ground.


 "This again, this again! I know his poems are good, really good, but that makes my heart hurt even more. I am really sick of such praises, it is disgustingly sickening, I want you to die, I want you to die!"


 Du Zhi Xiao summoned the grey smoke again, turning from a middle aged man to an old man.


 Li Xiao Bai was faced with a crisis again.


 "Is there really a point in this?" Li Xiao Bai was really troubled: "I need to recite another poem now?"


 He did not want to do that, it was too flashy and outstanding.


 It would cause suspicions!


 Thus, before he became renowned in the world, Li Xiao Bai controlled himself and only recited two poems. During the tribulation now, he recited another two new poems, it seemed that he was about to recite yet another ’new’ poem now.


 "I really can’t do anything about you, fine, I’ll recite it!" Li Xiao Bai looked at Du Zhi Xiao who was lying on the ground, he felt very helpless about this situation too.


 Li Xiao Bai recited loudly:


 The sun beyond the mountain glows,


 The Yellow River seawards flows.


 One can enjoy a grander sight,


 By climbing to a greater height.


 Li Xiao Bai’s crisis was alleviated, the tribulation clouds dispersed, his three qi exploded into a new immortal aperture, he became an information path Gu Immortal!


 "Oh heaven, since I was born, why did you create Li Xiao Bai?" Du Zhi Xiao shouted loudly in incomparable grief, he had a look of sadness, anger, helplessness, and hatred as he took his last breath.


 "From today onwards, you are Poet Immortal Li Xiao Bai!" Imperial Minister Su flew to Li Xiao Bai with a complex expression.


 He sighed: "The younger generations will surpass us in time, I had underestimated you all along. I wanted to make you an official of the Imperial Court, but your aspirations are too grand, compared to you, I am a mere commoner. It is truly laughable, from today onwards, go ahead and roam the world as you please, just don’t let down my daughter."


 "What?" Li Xiao Bai opened his mouth, he wanted to say that being an official was a good idea, he could have resources and a larger network. But his poem had already been recited, his ’aspirations’ were shown.


 Thus, Li Xiao Bai had to say: "Father-in-law, don’t worry, I will protect Han Er."


 Li Xiao Bai and Imperial Minister Su descended to the ground.


 "My husband, you are too amazing! Your talent is vast as the sea, it cannot be estimated through logic anymore." Su Qi Han sprinted towards Li Xiao Bai.


 Imperial Minister Su heard his daughter’s words and felt a little uncomfortable internally, but he could not refute these words, after all, he had just witnessed the situation earlier with his own eyes.


 Li Xiao Bai rubbed his nose, thinking that he had created too big of a commotion this time, he had to go along with the flow: "To speak the truth, ever since I was born, I had always felt that I was different from the rest..."



***
Chapter 2121 Heavens Envy Immortal Gu


***





 



 From Du Zhi Xiao’s corpse, an Immortal Gu floated up and appeared on his chest.


 This Immortal Gu seemed like it was made of crystals, it looked like a flea and was as large as a fist, curling up into a ball and staying completely silent.


 "This Immortal Gu allowed a mortal like Du Zhi Xiao to exert influence on the tribulation?" Li Xiao Bai cleaned the battlefield of loot, he naturally found this Immortal Gu.


 To activate Immortal Gu, immortal essence was normally needed. But there were exceptions that did not face such a limitation.


 "It seems that this peculiar Immortal Gu can be activated by a mortal." Su Qi Han said.


 "This Immortal Gu is very uncommon, let me check." Imperial Minister Su looked at this Immortal Gu with a peculiar expression and used his information path methods.


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven was an information path grotto-heaven, it focused on collecting and accumulating information. Even though Profound Literature grotto-heaven was physically secluded, it had not dared to isolate itself from the world, it still maintained contact with the outside world.


 And Imperial Minister Su was an important person of the Imperial Court, with his authority, he could gain access to much of the Imperial Court’s secret information.


 Soon, he got the answer: "This is heaven’s envy Immortal Gu!"


 "Heaven’s envy Immortal Gu?" This was the first time that Su Qi Han had heard of this.


 Imperial Minister Su explained: "Heaven’s envy Immortal Gu is a heaven path Immortal Gu, there are other similar Gu like heaven’s rage Immortal Gu, heaven’s sorrow Immortal Gu, and others. This type of heaven path Immortal Gu cannot be activated even by a rank nine venerable."


 "Father, you must be wrong? We saw Du Zhi Xiao activate this Immortal Gu with our own eyes to create trouble for husband." Su Qi Han retorted.


 Imperial Minister Su shook his head: "I’m not done yet. Immortal Gu like Heaven’s Envy is quite special, it can resonate with emotions of envy and jealousy to activate itself. But the price to use it is huge, often requiring lifespan. Thus, Du Zhi Xiao turned from a young man to a middle aged man, before becoming an old man."


 Su Qi Han was dazed, she could not help but think of >, saying: "I remember that in >, there are similar records. Don’t tell me strength Gu and wisdom Gu are also heaven path Gu worms?"


 Imperial Minister Su smiled faintly: "I am not sure about that either, even though > states that, heaven path Gu worms cannot be used by any Gu cultivator, the most famous example is fate Gu. You’ve both seen the fight during the fate war yourselves."


 Su Qi Han pouted unhappily, thinking: "I thought that this Immortal Gu would be useful to Xiao Bai, but to think that it is a heaven path Immortal Gu. This Immortal Gu requires envy and jealousy to activate on its own, but my husband is someone with great personality, a noble and special individual in this world, how can he have such emotions? And the price of using it is too high as well, the lifespan needed is too much!"


 Imperial Minister Su saw his daughter’s disappointment, he smiled and said: "Xiao Bai, this heaven’s envy Immortal Gu is yours. As for how to deal with it, that is your matter. If you offer this Gu to the Imperial Court, according to the rules, you will be compensated."


 Su Qi Han’s eyes shined with bright light.


 Li Xiao Bai pondered: "Can I exchange for an information path Immortal Gu?"


 Imperial Minister Su had a difficult expression: "That..."


 Su Qi Han coyly grabbed Imperial Minister Su’s sleeves: "Father! Our heaven’s envy Immortal Gu is rank seven, we will take the loss and just exchange for some rank six information path Immortal Gu."


 Imperial Minister Su flicked his daughter’s forehead as he said jokingly: "You silly lass, you’re looking down on the Imperial Court. Do you think Gu Immortals are so stupid? Even if a heaven path Immortal Gu is rank eight, it has little actual value, it is far inferior to a rank six information path Immortal Gu."


 For her lover’s sake, Su Qi Han did not give up: "Father! You are the current Imperial Minister."


 Imperial Minister Su sighed, what else could he do, this was his beloved daughter.


 "I’ll think of a way and find a chance for Xiao Bai." He answered.


 Su Qi Han smiled brightly, pressuring: "Father, I am sure that you can succeed!"


 Imperial Minister Su smiled bitterly: "Little girl, I’ve never seen you so confident in your father before."


 Li Xiao Bai was calm all along, he thought: "Father-in-law has many political rivals and enemies, if I ask him to get an Immortal Gu exchanged from the Imperial Court, he would face many obstructions, the chance of success is low. Even if he succeeds, he will lose a lot of his political power and bargaining chips, that is not a wise act."


 Thinking of this, Li Xiao Bai said: "Father-in-law, Han Er, no hurry in giving it up. I’ll try to put this heaven’s envy Immortal Gu up in treasure yellow heaven and see if anyone wants to buy it."


 Imperial Minister Su nodded: "That is a good idea, but Xiao Bai, don’t be too optimistic about it Even though heaven path Immortal Gu are rare, nobody can directly use them, this is a well known fact. Who would use their own useful Immortal Gu to exchange for an unusable heaven path Immortal Gu?"


 Su Qi Han sighed: "That is true."


 Li Xiao Bai nodded: "I’ll just give it a try."


 Imperial Minister Su advised: "Don’t dwell on it, putting an Immortal Gu up on treasure yellow heaven requires a continuous fee."


 Li Xiao Bai’s expression suddenly changed: "Someone bought heaven’s envy Immortal Gu!"


 "What?" Imperial Minister Su was stunned.


 Su Qi Han called out in joy: "What price did they pay?"


 Li Xiao Bai said with uncontainable excitement: "I... I already made the transaction. They are offering me rank seven poem wall Immortal Gu, this is an offer I cannot reject."


 Li Xiao Bai’s immortal ascension did not have excess heaven and earth qi to refine his vital Gu into an Immortal Gu. A large part of the reason was due to heaven’s envy Immortal Gu.


 Li Xiao Bai did not have the ten extreme physiques, he only obtained a high grade blessed land.


 But in this transaction, Li Xiao Bai obtained his first Immortal Gu, and it was rank seven at that.


 Imperial Minister Su looked at the poem wall Immortal Gu in Li Xiao Bai’s hands, he stared in disbelief: "Someone actually bought this heaven path Immortal Gu? They even offered an information path Immortal Gu of the same rank? Which fool is this?"


 The ’fool’ that Imperial Minister Su spoke of was none other than Gu Yue Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had always been paying attention to Li Xiao Bai’s situation. Even though Du Zhi Xiao and heaven’s envy Immortal Gu were out of his expectations, Fang Yuan had also not thought of interfering with Li Xiao Bai’s development, but having an Immortal Gu was simply too important to Li Xiao Bai.


 He had to help in this aspect.


 Treasure yellow heaven was a safe place, nobody would be able to investigate the identities of the people undergoing this transaction.


 With Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, Fang Yuan had a high success rate in refining rank eight Immortal Gu, not to mention rank six or seven.


 The time path clone directly refined poem wall Immortal Gu and raised it to rank seven.


 He wanted to create some opportunity to hand this Immortal Gu to Li Xiao Bai, but to think that he would appear in treasure yellow heaven and sell heaven’s envy Immortal Gu.


 With such a great opportunity, Fang Yuan immediately grabbed onto it.


 The transaction ended quickly.


 Li Xiao Bai obtained rank seven poem wall Immortal Gu, even though he was only rank six and had insufficient cultivation level, this rank seven poem wall Immortal Gu was good enough to be his core Immortal Gu.


 On the way back, Imperial Minister Su sighed to himself internally: This Li Xiao Bai’s luck was simply unrivaled!


 "So this heaven’s envy Immortal Gu is the thing that caused my luck resonance." Fang Yuan obtained heaven’s envy Immortal Gu and found that Cooking Luck Pot was vibrating slightly.


 After inspecting it, he realized the truth of the matter.


 Looking at his silver light pillar again, the clouds on the surface had gathered into one, giving one a feeling of congruity. The clouds revolved around the pillar as they moved slowly, not only were they clearly defending it, they were rising up too, clashing with the clouds that were at the peak of the pillar of light.


 Fang Yuan was deeply shaken: "It seems that this heaven’s envy Immortal Gu is the key to dealing with those venerables?"


 Fang Yuan started to use wisdom path methods for deductions, sharp light flickered in his eyes for a long time, afterwards, he started to instill immortal essence into heaven’s envy Immortal Gu!


 Heaven’s envy Immortal Gu shook intensely, resisting him stubbornly. But it could not stop Fang Yuan’s powerful invasion, it started to falter.


 A moment later, heaven’s envy Immortal Gu absorbed a portion of the immortal essence and spat out a lump of grey smoke.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with immense brilliance!


 "I actually refined a part of heaven’s envy Immortal Gu! Furthermore, I can actually activate a heaven path Immortal Gu!! Is it because of my unrestrained heavenly marks?"


 Fang Yuan’s unrestrained heavenly marks had already passed ten thousand in number. Every grotto-heaven that he annexed would provide the sovereign immortal aperture with a number of heaven path dao marks, which would be refined by Fang Yuan into unrestrained heavenly marks.


 Earlier, he used his rank eight immortal essence to forcefully refine heaven’s envy Immortal Gu, he actually succeeded partially.


 Afterwards, he successfully activated heaven’s envy Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan did not lose any lifespan.


 Fang Yuan calmed down and inspected it carefully, he found out new information: "Even though I can activate heaven’s envy Immortal Gu, I cannot fully utilize it. I have only partially refined heaven’s envy Immortal Gu, I’ve only barely managed to gain its recognition. Thus, I cannot exert its full strength yet."


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts clashed rapidly: "This should be the result of having unrestrained heavenly marks, I am different from everyone else. If I continue gaining unrestrained heavenly marks, will I be able to further refine heaven’s envy Immortal Gu, or even completely refine it?"


 "Wait!"


 Suddenly, a flash of inspiration appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind, it was like lightning that pierced the darkness, creating a huge commotion in his mind!


 At this moment, Fang Yuan’s lips became a bit dry: "Heaven’s envy Immortal Gu is a heaven path Immortal Gu, fate Gu is too. Since I can refine heaven’s envy Immortal Gu, does that mean that I can refine fate Gu and control fate as well?"


 Southern Border.


 Tribulations were raging, while Wu clan’s Gu Immortal Wu Zhen controlled the situation.


 He focused his attention on that qi cocoon.


 Suddenly, a person shouted from within the cocoon, breaking out of it and creating an immortal aperture, becoming an immortal.


 It was Wu Ji!


 In this immortal ascension, not only did she obtain a super grade blessed land, her vital Gu even became an Immortal Gu.


 Wu Zhen could feel Wu Ji’s aura, he sighed: "Wu Ji, you chose strength path after all."


 Wu Ji had no regret, she laughed: "This is precisely the path I seek!"


 And on Shang Liang Mountain.


 Shang Yan Fei gathered his children in the same hall.


 He had died on Yi Tian Mountain, but because of fate Gu’s destruction, he was revived by Shang clan’s Gu Immortals.


 Right now, he sat on the main seat with blood red light surrounding his body.


 "Congratulations to father for succeeding in the immortal ascension, you have surpassed the mortal realm and become a blood path immortal!" Shang Qiu Niu was the eldest son, he was the first to speak.


 After that, the rest of his children also congratulated him, including Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang Yan Fei waved his hand: "Blood path has a poor reputation, keep the fact that I am now a blood path Gu Immortal as a secret. I gathered you here today because I want to distribute the family assets now, before I enter closed cultivation. The great era has arrived, I want you all to become immortals too and lead the new tides of this great era!"



***
Chapter 2122 Nine Children Dragon Drawings


***





 



 In the hall, Shang Yan Fei sat on the main seat.


 He wore a black robe, his hair was red like blood, his face was that of a handsome young man. His children were all seated in the hall, gathered together.


 Under their gazes, Shang Yan Fei took out a stack of beast skins.


 Each beast skin had markings on it, vividly drawing a certain dragon-like beast. At the corner of the skin, there was text written in ink, giving off the dense aura of primitive civilization.


 "These are the nine children dragon drawings[1], I had obtained them from a Gu Immortal’s corpse in my younger days by chance. It is a pity this immortal opportunity is not suitable for me, even after asking Shang clan’s supreme elders, I could not unravel it. Now, I will pass these nine children dragon drawings to all of you, I hope you can unravel the mystery and gain your own immortal opportunities."


 Saying this, Shang Yan Fei diverted his gaze from the beast skin, looking at Shang Qiu Niu.


 "Qiu Niu, come here." He called.


 "Father." Shang Qiu Niu left his seat, walking towards Shang Yan Fei.


 Shang Yan Fei passed him the first beast skin: "This is the Qiu Niu drawing, I gave you this name because of it as well. You are the eldest son, you have a dependable nature, I am very assured. This revival is the greatest opportunity in your life, don’t let me down."


 Shang Qiu Niu stretched out both hands and received the beast skin: "Father, I will do my best and not disappoint you."


 "Ya Zi, come over as well." Shang Yan Fei waved his hand and called his son: "From today onwards, broaden your horizon and don’t dwell on petty matters, it will benefit you."


 "Yes, I will remember father’s teachings." Shang Ya Zi took the beast skin and returned to his seat.


 Shang Yan Fei called for his children one by one, distributing the nine children dragon drawings while saying words of encouragement.


 Shang Xin Ci remained seated, she was not called.


 She observed carefully, realizing that the nine children dragon drawings had varying beast drawings. For example, the Chao Feng drawing had a divine beast with a noble aura that could not be sullied. The Pu Lao drawing resembled a coiling dragon. The Bi Xi drawing looked like a giant tortoise that could carry mountains and rivers. There was also the Bi An drawing, it was like a fierce tiger with ferocious aura.


 There were only nine beast skin drawings, they were soon distributed, but he had more than nine children.


 Shang Yan Fei called for Shang Tuo Hai as well: "You have been managing the merchant caravan well. I will give you this entire caravan then. Other than that, I have a water path inheritance, it is the inheritance of a water path immortal. Even though it is largely incomplete, the contents are still worth a lot, I hope you can still continue to work hard in the future."


 After that, he called for Shang Yi Fan: "This is a rank five Gu Master inheritance but it has clues to an immortal inheritance. It will be up to you in the future if you try to find it."


 And finally, Shang Yan Fei called for Shang Xin Ci.


 "Father." Shang Xin Ci walked towards her father.


 Shang Yan Fei sighed: "I’ve already distributed all my wealth, only this house is left. Oh Xin Ci, among my children, you are the one who most surpassed my expectations. If you do not mind it, take this house."


 Once he said that, the hall went into a commotion.


 His other children looked at Shang Yan Fei and Shang Xin Ci, they wanted to speak but found that they could not.


 It was clearly Shang Yan Fei’s doing.


 Under everyone’s gazes, Shang Xin Ci replied with a calm expression: "I will thank father for this gift."


 After the gathering ended, most of Shang Yan Fei’s children came together secretly.


 "Sigh, father actually gave the house to Shang Xin Ci."


 "He did not even let us voice our objections!"


 "It seems that father really wants Shang Xin Ci to be the clan leader. What should we do?"


 "This is too unfair! What did we all get? Some absurd things or broken inheritances. As for that Shang Xin Ci? She is going to become the clan leader, she will definitely be nurtured by the clan and become a Gu Immortal seed!"


 Initially, Shang Yan Fei was still a young master, he was suppressed by an alliance of other young masters. He took a step back and abandoned the position of young master of his own accord, becoming an ordinary clansman. During that fallen period, he stayed in this house.


 Afterwards, when he became the clan leader, he maintained this place as a reminder to himself and later generations. The clan banquets were always held here as a result.


 Afterwards, when Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing left Qing Mao Mountain to roam the world, when they escorted Shang Xin Ci to Shang Liang Mountain, they were also attended to in this house.


 Shang Yan Fei gave this house to Shang Xin Ci, there was deep meaning behind it, it meant that he was giving the position of clan leader to her.


 Even though Shang Xin Ci was already the clan leader for some time, according to rules and customs, she had to be appointed by the previous clan leader, that would leave no flaws for others to criticize.


 "Father is too biased!"


 "That’s right, he loves Shang Xin Ci the most, what can we do?"


 "Everyone, are we going to watch this happen? She is merely an illegitimate daughter!"


 "Hmph, after I died, all of you are so useless, you actually let her become the clan leader."


 "I did not decide the clan leader, there were instructions from the higher-ups, what can we do?"


 "In my opinion, our Shang clan’s supreme elders are too muddle-headed."


 "Shang Xin Ci and Fang Yuan have a mysterious relationship, I’m afraid the higher-ups are thinking about that too."


 Everyone’s discussions came to a halt.


 After a moment of silence, Shang Yi Fan said: "Fang Yuan lived on Shang Liang Mountain for some time in the past, but what sort of person is he? He is someone who can influence the entire world, why would he care about ants like us? Shang clan’s supreme elders are overthinking it, can’t they see that even after so many years, Fang Yuan has not helped Shang Xin Ci even once?"


 These words injected life into the stale discussion.


 The remaining children brightened up again.


 They agreed in unison that Fang Yuan had already forgotten about Shang Liang Mountain and everything that happened here, they were simply unwilling to give up on the position of clan leader.


 Shang Yi Fan continued to speak: "Shang Xin Ci has a huge force, but it is not impossible to fight her. We need to work together to win, we can go ahead and split her forces."


 Shang Ya Zi snickered: "We need to use a multi-pronged approach so Shang Xin Ci cannot deal with everything at once. I met with an expert some time ago, if we can get his help, Shang Xin Ci will definitely face a lot of problems, her reputation will fall."


 Days later.


 The study room’s atmosphere was tense.


 Shang Xin Ci frowned as she listened to Shang Bu Li’s report, sighing deeply: "To think that the situation is so severe, in just a few days, those budding issues have already swept through the entire market of Shang Liang Mountain."


 A few days ago, counterfeit goods started to appear in Shang Liang Mountain’s Gu worm market. These fake Gu were identical to the real ones, even if they were used, the effects would be the same. But after some time, they would expose themselves and self-detonate, the buyer would suffer huge losses.


 These fake Gu appeared in Shang clan’s market, it greatly affected their prestige.


 The situation was very severe, Xiao Die stood beside Shang Xin Ci as she said to Shang Bu Li in displeasure: "Lord Shang Bu Li, you are in charge of the market. There has to be some time that passed for the situation to develop like this, why did you hold back the information and not report it?"


 Shang Bu Li snorted coldly in anger: "I was too useless, I disappointed you, clan leader. The situation is too severe now, I cannot make any amendments, I will resign now, please don’t stop me."


 "You!" Xiao Die was dazed from shock, she said: "Who are you trying to scare?"


 Shang Bu Li looked at Xiao Die coldly: "You are just a servant, I am magnanimous and will not blame you. But clan leader, I am resigning now, please approve of it."


 Shang Xin Ci looked at Shang Bu Li deeply before replying calmly: "In that case, I will approve your resignation."


 "Goodbye!" Shang Bu Li chuckled as he left.


 "Is he really leaving things as it is?" Xiao Die was stunned.


 "Clan leader, Lord Shang Tuo Hai seeks your audience." At this time, Xiao Lan reported.


 Shang Xin Ci’s gaze flickered for a moment before answering: "Let him in."


 Shang Tuo Hai came into the study room and saw Shang Xin Ci’s expression, nodding: "So you realized it."


 Shang Xin Ci asked: "Because of the clan leader position?"


 Shang Tuo Hai: "Precisely. Shang Bu Li had control of the slave market and had great business, but after your rise, because you did not like such cruelty, you banned the slave trade, causing Shang Bu Li to manage Shang Liang Mountain’s Gu worm market instead. He has already been convinced by them, he is involved in this fake Gu conspiracy."


 "This old fiend!" Xiao Die gritted her teeth in anger.


 Shang Tuo Hai added: "This is not everything, Shang Bu Li is just the first to defect, more will appear soon."


 Shang Xin Ci nodded: "And what do you want from this?"


 Shang Tuo Hai replied plainly: "We are both illegitimate children. Even if you fall, I will not become the clan leader. I will rarely return in the future, I will lead the merchant caravan and explore the world, I want to become immortal too! But I cannot rely on the clan, if you become immortal in the future, I hope my act of kindness now will be repaid."


 "I’ll remember this."


 "Goodbye."


 Seeing Shang Tuo Hai leave, Shang Xin Ci had a complex emotion.


 After leading Shang clan for so many years, Shang Xin Ci had developed many abilities and broadened her horizons. From her perspective, among Shang Yan Fei’s children, Shang Tuo Hai definitely was top three in terms of ability, he was a prime choice in both talent and personality. It was a pity that he lacked opportunities, he did not receive the favor of greater existences.


 "Fate has been destroyed, the great era is here. Countless people are competing and fighting for that chance of immortality." Shang Xin Ci sighed to herself internally.


 Afterwards, like what Shang Tuo Hai reminded her about.


 Zhu Ba and Wan Qian Shan resigned of their own accord. Xiao Yan got the news that some fire path Gu materials he needed were far away, so he went to search for them.


 Xiong Tu, Xiong Huo, and Xiong Feng also received some information on how to save their ancestor Xiong Yan Po.


 Zhou Quan and Wei De Xin also became ’coincidentally ill’, they were bedridden.


 At once, Shang Xin Ci was without her capable subordinates, she was alone without external help.


 Those Gu Masters who bought fake Gu gathered together and started to create problems.


 Shang Xin Ci had to bring Xiao Lan and Xiao Die to the scene and take control of the situation.


 "These Gu worms are all fake, is Shang clan selling fake goods now?"


 "Since Shang clan’s leader is here, tell us, what will you do!"


 "I spent most of my assets to buy a rank four Gu worm from you, but it turned out to be a fake Gu!"


 "Shang clan’s Auspicious Festival is held annually but there are actually fake goods sold to harm us buyers, this is simply unacceptable!"


 "And more despicably, even though there are sales going on, the prices were actually adjusted upwards, it ended up being the same price as the market rate."


 Facing all of the intense rage, Shang Xin Ci was still calm as ice: "Shang clan will pay all of you back twice the amount of your losses."


 Just one sentence made the surroundings silent.


 Shang Ya Zi and the rest who were watching from the dark became anxious, they started to give instructions.


 From among the people, someone suddenly shouted: "Compensation, we demand compensation on the spot!"


 "That’s right, you give us open promises but use dirty tricks in the dark, this is all Shang clan’s ploy!"


 "Shang clan is selling fake goods, can we really trust your words?’


 "I don’t care, your shop cheated us of our hard earned money, I want to destroy it!"


 The lurking experts within the crowd took action and attacked Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang Xin Ci stretched out her hand, using a killer move to protect the shop behind her, she managed to block all of the attacks.


 Xiao Lan and Xiao Die were ready to strike but Shang Xin Ci stopped them.


 Light flickered in her eyes as her aura erupted, she activated a battlefield killer move.


 The killer move pushed outwards, trapping all of the people who caused trouble, the noisy street instantly became silent all of a sudden.


 "So powerful!"


 "To think that Shang Xin Ci has such hidden strength!"


 Shang Ya Zi and the rest watched with intense shock.


 At that moment, they felt like they were looking at their father Shang Yan Fei, she had the air of a peak rank five expert!


 [1] Search up nine sons of the dragon for their in-depth descriptions. The names of some Shang children are also from there.



***
Chapter 2123 Xin Cis Immortal Opportunity


***





 



 Shang Xin Ci had a benevolent nature but she showed an extremely strong stance now, suppressing the entire situation at the moment.


 This was the Gu cultivation world — experts reigned supreme.


 Even though Shang Xin Ci trapped everyone, she did not punish them, instead, she upheld her promise of paying them twice the amount back.


 Even though she understood that people were intentionally causing this problem, she did not do anything to these people, she let them off.


 "Shang Xin Ci actually released them!"


 "Hmph, the excessive benevolence of a woman."


 "To think that she did not make a move, if it were me, I would rather kill them all than let any possible culprit escape."


 Shang Ya Zi and the rest discussed in secret, they expressed their disdain to conceal the unease in their hearts.


 Shang Qiu Niu had a complex expression: "Maybe this is the difference between Shang Xin Ci and us. This might be the reason why father favors her to become clan leader."


 "Shang Qiu Niu, what are you saying?" Someone immediately rebuked.


 Shang Qiu Niu said plainly: "You saw it yourselves, Shang Xin Ci had strength that surpasses all of us. When she took the role of clan leader, she also stabilized Shang clan’s position, all of our businesses made great profits. Even though she stopped the slave trade, our profits only fell for some time before rising again, far higher than before."


 "We need to admit that Shang Xin Ci’s capability surpasses us, right now, her reputation of benevolence had already spread widely. Father noticed this and gave the position of clan leader to her, he is not being biased or showing favoritism."


 Shang Qiu Niu revived from death, the experience was his precious wealth, allowing him to think more rationally and calmly when situations occurred.


 But immediately after, Shang Yi Fan smiled coldly: "Brother Qiu Niu, even if that is true, so what? Whoever becomes clan leader will be nurtured by the clan into an immortal. This is an immortal opportunity! So what if Shang Xin Ci surpasses us in ability and character, so what? Are you not going to vie for this opportunity?"


 Shang Qiu Niu was silent for a while before nodding as he said solemnly: "I have to try!"


 After Shang Xin Ci released the troublemakers, she went to pacify the shop owners.


 An elderly man walked to Shang Xin Ci shakily as he expressed his gratitude: "If not for clan leader’s appearance, I would have gotten into trouble. Sigh, it was because my vision was blurred and I lost my cool to greed, I believed in rumors and bought some cheap goods. To think that they were all fake."


 Xiao Die pouted: "You’re an old man, you’ve been in Shang Liang Mountain for so many years, this shop has been managed by you for so long, how can you be so shortsighted?"


 The old man looked ashamed.


 "Xiao Die." Shang Xin Ci expressed her understanding: "The Gu cultivators living here are also not having it easy. If it were me, I would want to earn more for my business, this is a logical thing."


 Xiao Die snorted as she looked at the old man: "Old fellow, you were lucky to have met my young miss. Make sure you use your vision in the future, don’t go after cheap gains, do you understand?"


 "Yes, yes, I understand." The old man quickly replied.


 "Young miss, let’s go, seeing these people makes me angry. If they were not after cheap gains, why would the market be flooded with fake goods?" Xiao Die turned around and looked at Shang Xin Ci.


 But the elderly man spoke: "Clan leader, please wait."


 Shang Xin Ci asked: "Is there anything else?"


 The old man spoke in trepidation: "I’m ashamed, I’m truly ashamed! I bought such a large batch of fake goods, they cannot be sold anymore. But if I destroy them, it would be a huge loss! Clan leader, didn’t you say you will compensate us?"


 "What?!" Xiao Die heard these words and exploded, she pointed at the old man’s nose and shouted: "Old fellow, do you know no shame? You made a mistake while our clan leader defended you, yet you know no gratitude and even want to extort us?"


 Xiao Lan was also disgusted by such behavior, she added: "You are already so old but your actions are truly despicable. Must all your losses be shouldered by our Shang clan? Even throughout this entire world, is there such a logic?"


 But Shang Xin Ci stopped her two servants, she looked at the old man and the sellers behind him.


 Shang Xin Ci’s tone was still calm as before: "Old sir, thanks for reminding me. As the Shang clan leader, I will not go back on my promise. Since I agreed to double the compensation, I will do my best to follow it. You can get twice the compensation for the fake goods you imported."


 "Thank you, clan leader!"


 "Clan leader, you are the kindest clan leader I’ve ever seen!"


 "Clan elder, you saved my entire family, without this compensation, we would be forced out of our homes."


 All of the Gu Masters spoke, some teared up, some knelt on the ground, kowtowing to Shang Xin Ci.


 "Let’s go." Shang Xin Ci brought her two servants away, arriving at the entrance of the street.


 The two servants were very indignant.


 Xiao Die grumbled: "Young miss, you are just too kind. Not only did you release those troublemakers, you even compensated them twice the amount."


 Xiao Lan also said: "Young miss, I know you are kind hearted and pity those people. But be it buyers or sellers, there are bad people among them. By compensating them all together, we have fallen into the culprit’s schemes, they want to expend our primeval stone reserves."


 Shang Xin Ci nodded: "Those are just primeval stones, we can still earn them back in the future even if we lose them now. But if Shang clan’s reputation is ruined, then we will need to spend a lot of effort and time to rebuild it."


 "If I mind these primeval stones instead, I would fall into the culprit’s trap. The loss of primeval stones is not important, Shang clan’s reputation is a bigger problem, I will not be a proper clan leader after all. They can use this excuse to take me down from the position of clan leader."


 Shang Xin Ci spoke warmly and calmly, she showed no anxiety, giving people a feeling of peace.


 The two servants understood after this.


 Xiao Lan said in admiration: "So that is it. Young miss, you are really amazing, you see things so clearly!"


 Xiao Die pouted: "Young miss is right, but this matter is too infuriating. That old man might not be a bad person but he is taking advantage of us to earn a profit now! Why are they not going after the culprit who caused them a loss, instead trying to bully us good people. If Lord Fang Yuan were here, he would beat these people till they pissed themselves, they would not dare to get up from the ground, who would dare to bully us!"


 Xiao Lan stared at Xiao Die, stomping on Xiao Die’s foot.


 Xiao Die jumped from the pain, sticking out her tongue and apologizing to Shang Xin Ci: "Sorry young miss, I spoke out of line."


 Ever since Fang Yuan’s and Lu Wei Yin’s battle when he was hit by the killer move, three lifetime dreams reform a chosen one, after Shang Xin Ci returned to Shang Liang Mountain, each time she heard of Fang Yuan’s name, she would fall into agony and sadness uncontrollably.


 Thus, the name Fang Yuan started to become taboo around Shang Xin Ci.


 On the way back, the three of them were silent.


 After reaching the end of the street, Xiao Lan said: "Young miss, Lord Zhou Quan and Wei De Xin have been sick for a long time, let’s go visit them and see how they are feeling."


 Xiao Die gave Xiao Lan a thumbs up secretly.


 They tried to divert Shang Xin Ci’s attention to other matters instead.


 Shang Xin Ci nodded: "You are right, let’s go visit them."


 The three of them arrived at Wei De Xin’s accommodation.


 "Stop right there, who are you, why are you acting so suspiciously!" Xiao Die found someone suspicious at the entrance.


 The suspicious Gu cultivator looked at Shang Xin Ci and his expression turned grim, but he was relaxed internally, knowing that Shang Xin Ci was a benevolent person, he answered: "I am Wu clan’s Gu Master, I am here to send a letter to Lady Wei De Xin."


 Xiao Die’s expression changed as she looked at Shang Xin Ci: "Young miss, oh no. Lady Wei De Xin must have gone to Wu clan after seeing this terrible situation."


 Shang Xin Ci knocked on Xiao Die’s head: "Don’t spout nonsense, Sister Wei is not such a person. She is the sister of Wei Shen Jing, it is not strange that they exchange letters. Come inside with me."


 Shang Xin Ci let that Wu clan Gu Master leave, she entered the house, seeing Wei De Xin who was bedridden.


 Wei De Xin had obviously found out about the conflict that occurred earlier, she handed an information path Gu worm to Shang Xin Ci the moment they entered, but Shang Xin Ci smiled and did not receive it.


 Wei De Xin explained: "Those people have outstanding methods, they schemed against Zhou Quan and I, causing us to be bedridden. But I will not falter so easily, I sent a letter to my brother and asked for his help."


 Xiao Lan was overjoyed: "That’s great. Lord Wei Shen Jing is known as the Counterfeit Master, his ability at creating counterfeit goods is well known in Southern Border. If he can help us, we will definitely be able to solve this predicament of the fake goods!"


 Shang Xin Ci smiled: "Not long ago, in Sun Moon Sinkhole, I met with Wei Shen Jing and we chased after the demon Kong Ri Tian."


 Wei De Xin sighed: "Back then, Wei clan was plotted against by Shang clan, who was the mastermind. My brother was forced to roam outside, he had to join Wu clan to preserve his life. He bore hatred towards Shang clan and did not understand why I chose to join you. But he sent this letter to praise your character and morals, he sighed in admiration and said he understood my action."


 "It is a pity he is busy now. Wu clan’s clan leader Wu Ji has succeeded in her immortal ascension, she nominated my brother recently. Wu clan is focusing on promoting external elders, they want to make outsiders their Wu clan external Gu Immortals. My brother is facing a test now, he can only explain the situation to us but he cannot come personally."


 "Ah!" Xiao Lan and Xiao Die looked at each other in deep disappointment.


 Shang Xin Ci continued to smile: "It is truly a great fortuitous encounter for Brother Wei, if he loses this chance, he will regret it for life. Even though I am facing a problem, I cannot hold back Brother Wei from his great opportunity, after all, any competition to become immortal is filled with danger and difficulty. If Brother Wei needs help, we must lend him a hand."


 "Clan leader, you are truly a great person, it is a pity I cannot help you." Wei De Xin sighed.


 "Sister Wei, I still need to thank you. But you are currently injured, don’t trouble yourself with this. Go ahead and recuperate, I have already gotten a solution for this problem." Shang Xin Ci’s smile expanded.


 Wei De Xin looked at her while sighing internally in her heart.


 She had a deep understanding of Shang Xin Ci, she knew that this expression meant that Shang Xin Ci had no countermeasure or solution currently.


 This situation was quite problematic, Shang Qiu Niu and the rest had cooperated. If this problem was not properly resolved, it might really affect Shang Xin Ci’s position as clan leader.


 Shang Yan Fei passed the clan leader position to Shang Xin Ci but there were rules in the righteous path. If Shang Xin Ci was chased out of this position, Shang Yan Fei, who had already exercised the role transfer, could not intervene to defend her anymore.


 "Shang Xin Ci cannot save herself now, but she does not want to trouble me, so she said those words." Wei De Xin understood this, she smiled: "Since clan leader has a solution, I will rest at ease, I am going to recuperate now."


 "You should." Shang Xin Ci smiled and said.


 "Leave now, don’t disturb my recuperation." Wei De Xin waved her hand, she knew that Shang Xin Ci’s time was pressing, she did not want to waste her time.


 The trio was ’chased’ out just like that.


 After leaving Wei De Xin’s place, they went to visit Zhou Quan.


 Zhou Quan said: "I’ve already learned of the matter that happened. Clan leader, you did the right thing!"


 "In the past, I would not be able to see it clearly. But after these years, I’ve learned much from Steward Zhou and Sister Wei." Shang Xin Ci said humbly.


 Zhou Quan looked at Shang Xin Ci, initially, he was forced by Fang Yuan to become Shang Xin Ci’s subordinate and help her.


 But gradually, he noticed Shang Xin Ci’s nature and was shocked that there was such a person in the world.


 If Shang Xin Ci was mindlessly benevolent, Zhou Quan would look down on her and leave.


 But Shang Xin Ci had a perceptive nature despite her poor cultivation talent, she grew rapidly under Zhou Quan’s and Wei De Xin’s guidance, rising to the next level. Now, not only did she have strength, she could even manage the entirety of Shang clan.


 Zhou Quan was pleased at her growth while also feeling admiration.


 Because Shang Xin Ci had a consistent demeanor, she had her own bottom line. Her kindness and benevolence had never wavered because of the darkness and cruelty of the world. In contrast, from the cruelty and sadness she had seen, she noticed the pity and agony behind them, affirming her heart of kindness.


 This was something that was very rare!


 Before leaving, Zhou Quan reminded them: "Even if you pay them double, you can only lessen the problem, you cannot solve its root cause. The problem is the fake goods after all, you need to find the source and put a stop to it. You also need to find out the rest of the fake goods in the market and remove them. After these two problems are resolved, you will be able to truly get past the problem."


 At night.


 In the other room, Xiao Lan and Xiao Die had fallen asleep.


 But Shang Xin Ci looked at the fake Gu on the table as she showed an expression of worry.


 She smiled to herself soundlessly.


 To prevent the rest from worrying and because of her clan leader responsibilities, Shang Xin Ci had always acted confidently. Only when she was alone would she show her true emotions.


 At this moment, she was like a delicate flower facing an impending storm, it was truly heart aching to see her expression.


 She was helpless against the fake Gu in front of her. The truth was, she had already done her best to get this far!


 In the silent night, she let out a deep and helpless sigh.


 "Clan leader, why are you sighing?" From within the fake Gu, light shined and gathered into the image of an old man.


 Shang Xin Ci had a surprised expression, because this old man was the shop owner who asked her for compensation earlier!



***
Chapter 2124 Admiring Fang Yuan


***





 



 Seeing the old man’s appearance, Shang Xin Ci thought of many things at this instant.


 The mysterious old man was so strong, Shang Xin Ci did not even detect his method to lurk within the Gu worm.


 He came with unknown intentions, he could either be having kind or malicious intentions. He might even be the culprit behind this fake Gu incident, this might even be one of Shang Ya Zi’s plans.


 But Shang Xin Ci was more willing to believe that the mysterious old man came with kind intentions.


 Shang Xin Ci said solemnly: "I sighed earlier because Shang Ya Zi and the rest chose to pull me down from the clan leader position in order to fight for that immortal opportunity. But they did not care that these schemes would bring great misery and losses to others. In fact, they completely disregarded Shang clan’s reputation, they only cared about themselves."


 "But I can understand their choice. Who does not want to become a Gu Immortal and transcend the mortal realm, gaining great abilities? But does becoming a Gu Immortal mean one must treat the people as insects? Isn’t there another way, a kinder and less damaging way for the weak?"


 The old man heard this and sighed deeply: "Shang Xin Ci, oh Shang Xin Ci, I’ve stayed in Shang Liang Mountain for years, I believe that you mean this from the bottom of your heart, thus, I decided to help you!"


 Shang Xin Ci bowed deeply but her expression was still calm and tranquil: "May I ask for senior’s name?"


 The old man smiled bitterly: "I am merely a pitiful person who is at his wits’ end, I do not dare to expose myself. I know you are suspicious towards me, but I come with goodwill. You are someone worthy of my help, after becoming the clan leader for so many years, you know that to trust a person, what they say is not important, only their actions speak louder than words."


 Shang Xin Ci nodded: "Please teach me senior, I am willing to listen."


 The old man said: "I know the person who created the fake Gu as well as his residence. His name is Feng Tian Yu, your brother Shang Ya Zi befriended him and asked him to do this by offering huge benefits."


 "Feng Tian Yu?" Shang Xin Ci’s gaze flickered: "I know of this person, he is in the righteous path, once the young clan leader of a village. He has incredible refinement path attainment, he is a refinement path master, having rank four cultivation level. When he was rank three, he refined a rank five Gu worm. Although the rank five Gu died after half a day, he achieved instant reputation from that. Regrettably, his clan lost in a conflict and faced extermination, he was no longer the young clan leader that had limitless prospects, becoming a lone cultivator instead."


 Shang Xin Ci was the leader of Shang clan, she knew the information of Southern Border’s expert Gu Masters very clearly.


 The old man nodded: "Feng Tian Yu has already reached rank five, but he keeps it a secret and only shows rank four cultivation level. I have a method for you to convince him and turn him over to your side, becoming your loyal subordinate."


 Shang Xin Ci was very curious.


 Feng Tian Yu had rank five cultivation level now, like Shang Xin Ci, he was also a refinement path master, extremely popular in Southern Border. Such a person would receive royal treatment anywhere he went, if he wanted to rebuild his clan and create Feng clan again, he would become the clan leader, a righteous path leader in the Gu Master world.


 How could such a person submit easily?


 The old man did not conceal anything, he told the method to Shang Xin Ci immediately.


 Shang Xin Ci’s expression changed: "Senior wants me to lie to Feng Tian Yu?"


 The old man smiled: "That is not lying, it is true that you are acquainted with Fang Yuan. Of course, strictly speaking, it is still a lie. But Shang Xin Ci, if one lie can save countless people, will you do it? You have no other choice now, Feng Tian Yu is the culprit behind the fake Gu after all."


 The old man’s smile became wider: "In this world, being a bad person is not easy, but being a good person is even tougher. Because a good person has to defeat the bad person while defending their own morals and beliefs. Oh Shang Xin Ci, I am only giving you a method, as for what you are going to do with it, that is entirely up to you."


 Shang Xin Ci did not hesitate: "Thank you senior, the method is very good, I am going to give it a try."


 "Very good." The old man laughed: "This is why I like you. You have benevolence but you are not blinded by it, you know how to use various methods to deal with evil. In this world, pure kindness is akin to suicide, it can even harm your friends and family. But you are not like that, you are realistic in your goals, you are a truly practical good person."


 At the end, the old man added: "This Gu worm contains a Gu Immortal true inheritance, I think this is the cultivation path most suited for you. Take a look, whether you cultivate it or not is entirely up to you."


 Saying so, the old man’s image vanished.


 At the same time, a Gu worm flew up from the table, floating in the air, away from the pile.


 Shang Xin Ci held it and inspected the details.


 A moment later, joy flashed on her face as she muttered to herself: "Good deeds Gu?"


 Shang Liang Mountain had an outer city as well as the inner city. The inner city was split into first, second, third, fourth, and fifth inner city.


 The first inner city was called the central inner city, the political heart of Shang clan, and also their military base. Shang Xin Ci stayed here.


 The second inner city was also known as the clan city, only Shang clansmen could stay here. Tokens were needed to enter.


 Feng Tian Yu stayed in the third inner city.


 The entire third inner city was extremely expensive and valuable, it used star stones everywhere. Not only buildings, but even the walking paths were made of star stones. At one glance, starlight could be seen in one’s entire vision.


 The streets had few people, quiet and serene, like a star palace.


 There was no inn, there were only gardens.


 Small gardens were rented at thirty primeval stones per day, while large gardens were a hundred primeval stones!


 Feng Tian Yu was staying in a large garden.


 He drank high quality tea and sat in a half inclined chair, his door was open as a breeze blew into the garden, he looked at the beautiful view of the bamboo forest.


 "Brother Feng, you are truly enjoying yourself." Shang Xin Ci’s voice resounded all of a sudden.


 Feng Tian Yu shook intensely, he was so shocked he almost fell from his chair.


 But at the next moment, he reacted and the Gu worms in his aperture got ready to strike. He turned around and looked at Shang Xin Ci, calming himself forcefully: "So Shang clan’s leader has visited me, I am truly honored beyond words. Clan leader, your method is really amazing, I set up three Gu formations here after all, you actually managed to enter so stealthily, is there anywhere in the world that can keep you out?"


 Feng Tian Yu mocked Shang Xin Ci’s action of being like a thief, but she was not upset, she retorted: "How can my methods compare to you, Brother Feng? You caused a huge commotion in the market, the fake Gu flooded the market and resulted in conflict, as the clan leader, I almost lost all my reputation."


 Feng Tian Yu was shook internally, he did not expect Shang Xin Ci to find him so quickly.


 "How can this be? I am sure that my fake Gu have no clues leading to me, is there a problem over on Shang Ya Zi’s end?"


 Feng Tian Yu thought while sitting up, denying it entirely: "Clan leader, don’t try to scare me, the blame of selling fake Gu is not something a small fry like me can shoulder."


 Shang Xin Ci chuckled as she took a few steps, arriving at the door and looking outside, speaking with her back facing Feng Tian Yu: "Brother Feng, do you still not understand? Whatever I claim as the truth, even without evidence whatsoever, is the truth."


 Feng Tian Yu could not help but feel shocked: "This Shang Xin Ci has a reputation for benevolence, everyone knows that, but after seeing her today, to think that she is such a domineering person!"


 He felt immense pressure.


 Shang Xin Ci’s sudden appearance threw Feng Tian Yu into an extremely passive spot.


 He was originally lying on the chair, he had a poor posture, he had to try to modify his posture while exchanging words with Shang Xin Ci, sitting upright gradually.


 But Shang Xin Ci seemingly did not notice, she went past him and walked to the door, facing the outside with her back facing Feng Tian Yu, not concerned with his petty actions, she even gave him a chance to sneak attack her.


 But Feng Tian Yu did not dare to move at all!


 The more confident Shang Xin Ci was, the more wary and nervous Feng Tian Yu felt. Even though they had the same cultivation level, he had already unconsciously placed himself at the lower position.


 Shang Xin Ci turned around, smiling: "Brother Feng, come work for me."


 "What?" Feng Tian Yu stared with wide eyes, he was stunned, but soon, he laughed: "Shang clan leader, do you know the price that Shang Ya Zi paid to hire my service?"


 Shang Xin Ci chuckled: "No matter what price he offered, you will definitely not be able to reject my offer."


 Feng Tian Yu let out a breath of air, his eyes shined with brilliance as he stood up.


 The moment Shang Xin Ci tried to recruit him, he understood that she was not able to resolve the fake Gu incident, otherwise, she could create a commotion and lead Shang clan’s troops to kill him.


 "So she still needs my help." Feng Tian Yu gained the psychological upper hand again.


 He assessed Shang Xin Ci while smiling: "Then I will listen, I am sure that the great Shang clan leader will give me an offer befitting your status."


 Shang Xin Ci raised her right index finger: "Firstly, your life."


 Feng Tian Yu’s expression changed, his voice turned more grave as he spoke coldly: "Clan leader, do you think I am helpless against you?"


 Shang Xin Ci smiled confidently: "Don’t worry, Brother Feng, you have rank five cultivation level, no need to be nervous."


 Feng Tian Yu was internally shaken, she knew his actual cultivation level, she came prepared, this situation was perilous!


 Shang Xin Ci added: "Other than that, if you perform well, you might be able to receive Lord Fang Yuan’s audience."


 "What?!" Feng Tian Yu’s expression changed again.


 Shang Xin Ci spoke without stopping: "Don’t be so shocked, Brother Feng. I know far more things than you can ever imagine."


 "I’ll tell you the truth, I’m sure you know about my relationship with Lord Fang Yuan. I was able to discern your identity because I got help from Lord Fang Yuan’s hairy man Gu Immortal subordinates."


 "I handed up a fake Gu and that hairy man Gu Immortal actually praised it. He said that you are a genius, if you are able to progress further, you might gain Lord Fang Yuan’s recognition and become his subordinate.


 "Seriously? Is this true?" Feng Tian Yu was extremely excited, his face was flushed red.


 Shang Xin Ci smiled: "Why would I lie to you? Since I can find you, I can easily take you down, what’s the point of wasting my breath here?"


 "I am sure you know my situation. The reason I became clan leader was because of Lord Fang Yuan. To tell you the truth, Shang clan has already cooperated with Lord Fang Yuan in secret."


 Feng Tian Yu chuckled: "Shang clan? Lord Fang Yuan is the number one demon in the world! If Lord Fang Yuan wants to take something from Shang clan, will you dare to say no?"


 "But I admire Lord Fang Yuan’s refinement path talent the most!"


 "Back then on Three Kings Mountain, I was blessed to have watched the scene of Lord Fang Yuan refining Fixed Immortal Travel personally. That was truly the greatest fortune of my life."


 "I had once used rank three cultivation level to refine a rank five Gu worm that lived for half a day. But Lord Fang Yuan actually refined an Immortal Gu as a mortal! And he did it in that dangerous situation."


 "His talent, his aptitude, his strength, and his wisdom is number one in the world! Since then, I believed wholeheartedly that Lord Fang Yuan would become renowned in the entire five regions and two heavens!"


 "As expected!"


 "Lord Fang Yuan defeated Heavenly Court in front of everyone in the world, he destroyed fate Gu!"


 "And the greatest thing was that he used a refinement path method to destroy fate Gu. From then on, fate Gu can no longer exist in this world."


 "From then on, all of us broke free of the restraints of fate!"


 "He is a warrior, a hero, a savior. He has made the greatest contribution for the whole of humanity in history!"


 "But no one understands him, they think he is in the demonic path, they are just too shallow, they are too ignorant! Lord Fang Yuan is an unprecedented existence, he is a great hero that only appears once in a billion years!"


 "But I understand those so-called righteous path people. They are petty figures who feel fear, these weaklings and cowards are shamelessly trying to slander Lord Fang Yuan after realizing they can no longer harm him! They are obstructing the rise of humanity, they are sinners that obstruct the development of the world!!"


 "Lord Fang Yuan is too outstanding, he is too amazing, he is too noble!"


 "If I can follow him, if I can follow in the footsteps of such a noble figure, I... I do not know what else I can say."


 "Huff, huff!"


 "Amazing, this is too unbelievable."


 "Today is simply the happiest day of my life!"


 "Unbelievable, Lord Fang Yuan is actually taking me in as his subordinate. This is unbelievable, oh heaven!"


 Feng Tian Yu got more and more excited as he spoke, his entire body was shuddering, he was almost about to burst out into spontaneous spasm.


 His eyes shined with such a bright light as they turned red and tears gathered in his eyes, even Shang Xin Ci was feeling a chill as she looked at him.


 That mysterious old man was not wrong at all.


 Feng Tian Yu was a most fanatical admirer of Fang Yuan.


 In fact, Fang Yuan’s rise, his stories, the scene where he destroyed fate, all of them were widely spread.


 Most demonic cultivators saw Fang Yuan as their idol, they looked at him as their goal and inspiration.


 Even in the righteous path, there were many who admired him secretly, looking up to his courage in challenging the experts of Heavenly Court, he had incredible wits and was able to scheme despite danger.


 Feng Tian Yu was not special, he was just one of them.


 But because he had once interacted with Fang Yuan, and because of their similarities in refinement path, he who had once been a blessed young master experienced his entire family being slaughtered, the terrible ordeal in his life made his personality even more twisted and extreme.


 Thus, because of his life experiences, he treated the strongest refinement path expert in the current world, the grand and legendary figure who he cannot surpass in this life, Fang Yuan, as his target for fanatical idolism.


 Even though Shang Xin Ci did not produce any solid evidence, as long as there was hope, as long as there was a chance for him to get close to his idol, the divine existence in his heart, it was enough for him to feel extreme excitement, he could not control himself.



***
Chapter 2125 Brother Feng, You?!


***





 



 Several days later.


 Second inner city of Shang Liang Mountain.


 Shang Ya Zi and the rest had gathered together for a discussion, but they were soon enraged to find out that they were encircled.


 "Zhou Quan, Wei De Xin! You are too daring, you dare to gather a bunch of Gu cultivators in the second inner city!"


 "What are you trying to do? We are Shang Yan Fei’s children, the blood siblings of your master Shang Xin Ci!"


 "You outsiders dare to interfere and take action against Shang clan members on this Shang Liang Mountain?"


 Shang Ya Zi and the rest were furious, they screamed loudly, getting their voices to spread out around the entire second inner city.


 The second inner city was the residence of Shang clan’s members, the commotion attracted the attention of countless clansmen.


 Soon, hundreds of clansmen gathered here as they encircled Wei De Xin and Zhou Quan’s group instead.


 "What is going on?"


 "Commander Wei De Xin and Steward Zhou Quan, they are Shang Xin Ci’s most loyal subordinates."


 "They are encircling Shang Qiu Niu, Shang Ya Zi, and the rest!"


 "These two are simply too daring, they are trying to take action against our Shang clan’s members openly!"


 "Don’t be rash, without Shang Xin Ci’s instructions, why would these two dare to make a move?"


 "A good show is going to start! This is clearly a fight over authority."


 Shang clan’s members discussed, the matter was getting heated, more clansmen were arriving.


 Wei De Xin smiled coldly.


 Zhou Quan announced loudly: "Recently, fake Gu have been rampantly spread in Shang Liang Mountain, we have already investigated the truth. You are all the culprits behind this, quickly surrender. Our leader is kind and merciful, she might let you off with a light sentence."


 Shang Ya Zi and the rest shook internally.


 Shang Yi Fan stepped out: "Bullshit! You dare to accuse us without evidence. Shang Xin Ci was clearly the one without ability or morals, she could not handle this problem, so she wants to put the blame on us? She is simply too wicked!"


 "Don’t worry, there is no need to deny it now." Wei De Xin interrupted: "Since we are publicly arresting you, we have concrete evidence."


 "What evidence?"


 "Where is Shang Xin Ci?" Ask her to come out and speak."


 "That’s right, why is she letting you two handle this, you are merely Shang Xin Ci’s two dogs!"


 Shang Ya Zi and the rest screamed.


 Zhou Quan smiled coldly: "Everyone, are you afraid now?"


 "We are descendants of Shang clan, we fear nothing! But often, forceful courage is stupidity. If we leave with you, in your territory, we will be forced to submit, even if we are innocent, we will be tortured and forced to accept this blame, we will become the culprits in the end!"


 "Since you have evidence, then tell us right here, right now, in front of everyone in the city!!"


 Shang Qiu Niu and Shang Chi Wen spoke.


 Shang Ya Zi and Shang Yi Fan frowned.


 "That’s right, that’s right, speak clearly in front of everyone here!"


 "That’s right! You are encircling the young clan leaders of our Shang clan!"


 "Even if they are no longer the young clan leaders, they are not people that you outsiders can bully."


 The Shang clan members at the periphery shouted.


 Zhou Quan laughed: "Everything is within clan leader’s expectations, alright, since you want evidence, I will leave you speechless. This is the evidence!"


 Zhou Quan waved his hand as a large pile of Gu worms appeared on the ground.


 Wei De Xin added: "Right now, all of Shang Liang Mountain’s fake Gu are gathered here."


 Shang Yi Fan laughed: "That’s it? Taking a bunch of Gu and framing it on us?"


 Zhou Quan laughed: "Of course not. We have solid facts that Feng Tian Yu is the person who refined these fake Gu. Furthermore, he is among you right now, he is naturally instructed by you."


 Instantly, countless gazes gathered on Feng Tian Yu.


 Shang Ya Zi and the rest were scheming, as a crucial person, Feng Tian Yu was naturally involved.


 "It is Feng Tian Yu indeed!"


 "Why is this refinement path master here?"


 "I only recognized him just now."


 "It really is Master Feng."


 The surrounding talks became louder and rowdier.


 Shang Ya Zi could not endure it anymore, he stepped forward and shielded Feng Tian Yu as he shouted: "Zhou Quan! You are framing us, this is a slander against a good friend of mine. We will not let this go! This matter is far more severe than you accusing us of this issue!! If you do not have solid evidence that Brother Feng is the person who made these fake Gu, I will seek an audience with father, I will ask him to uphold justice!"


 Zhou Quan laughed: "Of course I have evidence. Tell me, Feng Tian Yu, are you the one who refined these fake Gu?"


 Shang Ya Zi and the rest were dazed.


 Next, the group heard Feng Tian Yu speak in a natural tone as he admitted: "Steward Zhou is right, I was instructed by Shang Ya Zi’s group to refine the fake Gu and create problems in the market, they want to harm the current Shang clan leader."


 "What?"


 "What?!"


 "Brother... Brother Feng, you?!!"


 At this moment, the scene went silent.


 Shang Yi Fan and the rest stared at Feng Tian Yu, their expressions were of disbelief and shock.


 Shang Ya Zi turned around abruptly, rage and shock prominently displayed on his face.


 Feng Tian Yu had actually betrayed them so suddenly?


 What was he after?


 How can this be!


 Did Shang Xin Ci offer him an even greater price?


 Impossible!


 In order to hire Feng Tian Yu, Shang Ya Zi and the rest had expended their own wealth. How could Shang Xin Ci gather so much resources in such a short period of time?!


 But this actually happened to them.


 It was a fatal blow to Shang Ya Zi and the rest!


 "No, you are not Brother Feng!" Shang Ya Zi’s expression was twisted, he struggled: "You must be an impostor, no, even if you are real, I am sure that vicious woman Shang Xin Ci has you under her control!"


 Shang Ya Zi’s screams were so pale and weak at this moment.


 Zhou Quan spoke: "Don’t worry, Master Feng Tian Yu is not the only person I have as witness. The rest of you, what do you have to say?"


 At the next moment, Shang Qiu Niu sighed deeply: "I admit, we committed this mistake."


 "Shang Qiu Niu!!"


 "Eldest brother, you?"


 "Are you insane?’


 However, Shang Qiu Niu was not the only lunatic, there was also Shang Chi Wen.


 She also stood up and agreed with Zhou Quan’s accusations.


 Shang Ya Zi almost coughed out a mouthful of blood, Shang Yi Fan shook in anger: "You two, you are going to be the death of us!"


 Shang Chi Wen smiled: "Not just us."


 She had once managed the battle stage, she had a good relationship with Shang Xin Ci. Back then, Shang Xin Ci’s information business also helped her.


 Shang Qiu Niu waved his hands: "Not long ago, Feng Tian Yu and Shang Xin Ci approached me, since Master Feng Tian Yu has already joined her, what can we do? There is no chance of winning. Shang Xin Ci has amazing methods, we cannot upset her position as clan leader. We have lost, admit it."


 The crucial point was still Feng Tian Yu!


 Shang Ya Zi realized this, he stared at Feng Tian Yu with a gaze that could devour him whole: "Feng Tian Yu, answer me! I know you are not someone who goes after beauties. You are such an aloof person, having only interest in refinement path. I do not believe that Shang Xin Ci has such charisma to win you over entirely. Tell me, why is this happening?"


 "Hmph." Feng Tian Yu snickered coldly: "How can mortals understand my pursuit? Quickly surrender!"


 "You guys can all die!" Shang Ya Zi exploded entirely, he attacked.


 Shang Yi Fan and the rest followed after.


 Shang Qiu Niu, Feng Tian Yu, Zhou Quan, and Wei De Xin were also prepared for this, both sides burst into a chaotic battle.


 Shang clan’s members continued to watch, they did not interfere.


 "The situation is quite clear now."


 "To think that Clan Leader Shang Xin Ci is so amazing!"


 "This is a miracle, someone was actually able to win over Master Feng Tian Yu."


 "Empress Wu Ji had also tried to recruit him with a high price in the past, she was very sincere but Master Feng paid her no heed!"


 Shang Yi Fan’s and Shang Ya Zi’s group soon fell into a disadvantage.


 Zhou Quan and the rest came prepared, Shang Qiu Niu and Shang Chi Wen even betrayed them. This happened too suddenly and peculiarly, Shang Ya Zi was caught unguarded.


 "No! I cannot lose, I still have a trump card. You guys forced me to do this, you guys forced me!!" Seeing that he was about to be captured, Shang Yi Fan shouted as he threw out a mortal Gu House.


 The mortal Gu House was like a cage, it exploded, a mud monster was released.


 At first glance, this mud monster was obviously extraordinary.


 It had a vague human figure, mud moved along its body as countless faces surfaced.


 These human faces had twisted expressions, they were filled with extreme hatred, everyone felt a chill upon seeing them.


 "You bastard[1]!" The mud monster suddenly shouted as it attacked Zhou Quan and the rest.


 Zhou Quan and the rest fought against it, they were heavily suppressed.


 The flow of the battle was instantly overturned.


 "Let’s go!" Shang Yi Fan shouted loudly.


 The mud monster did not differentiate enemy and ally, it had great strength, rushing into the crowd and slaughtering innocent mortals, creating chaos.


 During the chaos, Shang Ya Zi and the rest escaped narrowly.


 They could no longer stay on Shang Liang Mountain, they escaped and became demonic path Gu Masters.


 The mud monster caused huge destruction and losses to second inner city.


 Not only did it have terrifying battle strength, it was even nearly unkillable, its regenerative ability was outstanding too.


 Eventually, Zhou Quan and Wei De Xin exerted all their effort, with the help of Shang Xin Ci, more than ten Gu cultivators were sacrificed before this mud monster was sealed again.


 The fake Gu crisis was alleviated, not only did Shang Xin Ci keep her clan leader position, she even took Feng Tian Yu in as a subordinate, her reputation soared.


 But Shang Yi Fan’s final struggle also left a huge problem for Shang Xin Ci to settle.


 After receiving the report, Shang Yan Fei smiled.


 Shang Xin Ci’s performance did not disappoint him, in fact, he was even pleasantly surprised.


 He did not think that Shang Xin Ci would be able to achieve this.


 The thing that satisfied him the most was that Shang Xin Ci did not really target Shang Ya Zi and the rest, she only dealt with the troublesome mud monster.


 As for Shang Yi Fan’s and Shang Ya Zi’s group, since they had failed entirely, it was a better end for them to become demonic path Gu Masters.


 "They all have my hidden blood path methods, they can be protected during critical danger. The qi tides are rampant, immortal opportunities are hidden everywhere. If they want to become immortal, they will need to work hard and find their own opportunities."


 Shang Yan Fei had never overly doted on his children, he had forced his brother and sister to commit suicide when he first became clan leader.


 He had once ignored all objections and expended much resources to murder every single person in a village. He murdered all those who surrendered, and their skulls piled into a hill, in front of those elders who first objected to his decision to retaliate.


 He appointed people based on merits, even for his own children. There were fifteen Shang clan young master positions originally, but after his rule, he reduced it to ten.


 "This matter has been settled, I need to set off and find the other Blood Sea true inheritances now. Blood Sea Ancestor... the more I investigate it, the more mysterious I find this person." Shang Yan Fei was finally at ease, his children had all grown up, they went on their own journeys now, they had their own destinies to follow. As for himself, he was going to find his own opportunities for development.


 [1] It’s the same one from Ni Xiang’s arc.



***
Chapter 2126 Ni Clan


***





 



 In Shang Liang Mountain’s first inner city, Shang Xin Ci was handling the clan affairs.


 "Second inner city’s reparations are finished, the fake Gu incident has also been settled." Shang Xin Ci inspected an information path mortal Gu in her hand with a slight smile on her face.


 She then used her primeval essence to add new content into this information path Gu worm.


 She made a decision that all the items in Shang clan’s managed stores would be sold at a discount with the reason being ’the losses to the Gu Masters because of the fake Gu incident’.


 "Like this, we can greatly increase Shang clan’s reputation as well as earn primeval stones and make up for the losses caused by the double compensation."


 Shang Xin Ci’s delicate fingers loosened, and this information path mortal Gu let out a light as it flew out of the study room.


 Shang Xin Ci picked up another information path mortal Gu on the desk.


 The mortal Gu’s information came from Shang Chi Wen.


 Ever since Shang Bu Li resigned, Shang Xin Ci handed the task of managing Shang Liang Mountain’s market to Shang Chi Wen.


 The information in the mortal Gu said that there were a group of merchants who were hoarding goods to push up the prices. Shang Chi Wen’s suggestion was to kill them all.


 "Sigh, for their own self-interests, these people have harmed countless ordinary people!" Shang Xin Ci sighed in her head, she pondered and wrote a new message in the information path mortal Gu: Only kill the main culprit, let go of the others.


 After this information path Gu worm also flew out, she looked at the third information path Gu worm that contained a request for help.


 In the periphery of Shang clan’s territory, a village encountered a beast tide and was in danger of being exterminated.


 This village was a Shang clan vassal, but they only had several rank three Gu Masters and had little to no presence.


 "Saving people is like quelling a fire, such distress calls should have been delivered urgently, why did it come through the regular affairs channel?" Shang Xin Ci frowned.


 She understood the reason.


 Her subordinates knew that, with her nature, she would definitely spare no effort to rescue them.


 But the current situation was the opening stage of the great era, all kinds of inheritances were being fought over. Both mortals and immortals of Shang clan were extremely busy. Taking out some of their manpower to do this arduous and fruitless rescue task was a huge loss of human resources, as well as a loss of future profits.


 "Considering the time, it might be too late already. Sigh, the hearts of the people..." Oftentimes, Shang Xin Ci felt her own insignificance. Like now, she could only sense her subordinates’ thoughts but was unable to change them.


 The longer she held this Shang clan leader position, the more she felt her powerlessness. Compared to Shang clan or even the entire world, she was really nothing important.


 "Maybe this is the reason why almost all Gu cultivators stake their lives on chasing strength."


 Shang Xin Ci pondered for a while, but still decided to assign a group of Gu Masters to commence on the rescue.


 Even though it was very likely for that village to have already been destroyed by the beast tide by the time the rescue team set off.


 The fourth information path mortal Gu mentioned good news.


 A new qi path resource point was discovered in the surroundings of Shang Liang Mountain, and required Shang Liang Mountain to station some force there or support the nearby village.


 Shang Xin Ci let go of the information path mortal Gu one by one, occasionally, Gu worms would fly into the study room.


 Unknowingly, night passed and dawn arrived.


 A dazzling information path mortal Gu flew in front of Shang Xin Ci.


 Shang Xin Ci’s mind jolted: "A task from the higher-ups."


 Shang Xin Ci quickly took the Gu and looked into it. This information path mortal Gu’s content was indeed about a huge matter.


 The matter concerned the contest for Fur blessed land.


 This Fur blessed land was located at the central region of Southern Border and contained Fur true inheritance, it was exposed because of the qi tide. Because of its remote location, it did not belong to any one of Southern Border’s super forces, so it was fought over by all the super clans.


 Righteous path Gu Immortals discussed and decided to send out Gu Masters to determine the winner, Gu Immortals were not to interfere.


 The information path mortal Gu also had some secret information regarding the owner of the blessed land, Fur Immortal.


 This immortal was a dual cultivator in wood path and transformation path. But she did not have an excellent method and was only carelessly dual cultivating. It led to conflict between wood path and transformation path dao marks, her battle strength was low her whole life and she was the target of bullying in the Gu Immortal world.


 "None of the super forces have an interest in such a true inheritance, except, the blessed land’s location holds true value!"


 "It is not within our borders, in the event that our Shang clan wins in this contest and obtains this blessed land, it is only an exclave which will be difficult to manage."


 "But, this territory can be transacted. I believe those super forces near the blessed land will definitely be willing to purchase it."


 The curtain to the great era was pulled upon, there would definitely be huge commotion and unrest in the future.


 At that time, this kind of blessed land would be a bridgehead for the super forces to expand their territories, or be an important front-line defense area, its value was high.


 After all, these Southern Border super forces might not have any methods to relocate immortal apertures.


 Shang Xin Ci evaluated inwardly.


 Benefiting from the change in eras, she was exposed to even more information on Gu Immortals than Shang Yan Fei when he had been a clan leader.


 Thus, even though Shang Xin Ci was only a rank five Gu Master, she had a deep understanding of the Gu Immortal world’s situation.


 "This is the most important priority for Shang clan, time is pressing, it must be dealt with immediately!" Shang Xin Ci felt troubled.


 Despite having recruited Shang Qiu Niu, Shang Chi Wen and the rest, at the crucial moment, she had too few subordinates.


 "Feng Tian Yu is not only a refinement path master but has rank five cultivation as well. I can let him take on the role of the head this time." Shang Xin Ci summoned Feng Tian Yu as she thought this.


 Soon, Feng Tian Yu received the message and went up to the study room.


 "Enter." Shang Xin Ci willed and the study room’s door opened slowly.


 Her study room was a mortal Gu House.


 Feng Tian Yu had an excited expression: "Clan leader, I have good news to tell you!"


 "Oh, what news?" Shang Xin Ci asked with a smile.


 Feng Tian Yu: "I have been researching that strange mudman over these days, and I have discovered a shocking secret!"


 "This mudman might be crazy and disorientated in thoughts, but he responds properly as long as we ask one question at a time."


 "I asked him question after question like this and learned of his origin."


 "His name is Ni Jian, he had been a young clan leader of a village. One day, a demonic path expert appeared and slaughtered everyone in the village, including him."


 "But after he died, he was revived by a qi path Gu Immortal. This qi path Gu Immortal inquired about the culprit and after getting the answer, he was disregarded and left alone."


 "This mudman Ni Jian was extremely strong, having near immortal level strength, but after such a long time, he has weakened to this state."


 "I did not expect this mudman to have such an amazing history!" Shang Xin Ci sighed,"But how did such an ordinary village get connected to a Gu Immortal?"


 Feng Tian Yu said with even more excitement: "This is the point that I pursued, I found that Ni clan’s people have a huge secret! Once in a while, a Gu Master in Ni clan will awaken their bloodline. If they survive, an Immortal Gu will grow inside their body!"


 "Immortal Gu?" Shang Xin Ci’s brows rose subconsciously.


 "This Immortal Gu was the reason for the Gu Immortal’s attention." Feng Tian Yu’s eyes shone, "This is too strange. A mortal Gu Master’s body can actually give birth to an Immortal Gu! More importantly, the slaughtered Ni clan village was only a separated branch. There are many other clan branches that are blood-related to him in several areas of Southern Border."


 Shang Xin Ci asked: "So, you are thinking of?"


 Feng Tian Yu nodded: "Right, I want to request clan leader to allow me to investigate this huge secret! If we can grasp this kind of refinement path method, we can refine Immortal Gu while only being mortals."


 Shang Xin Ci pondered before saying: "Then, go ahead with it, I will send some people to help you."


 "No need, no need." Feng Tian Yu shook his hand, "I am a rank five Gu Master, even if rank four Gu Masters accompany me, they will only slow me down. Moreover, if such a contribution can be made, it will definitely be huge. I need to accumulate contribution points to have hope of seeing Lord Fang Yuan in the future!"


 Shang Xin Ci nodded, seeing that Feng Tian Yu’s attitude was so resolute, she could only let him go.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Yellow Heaven.


 A group of Gu Masters with the same surname arrived beside the gold fragment current.


 An old clan leader whose hair had gone white and had rank five cultivation, stood with his back facing the gold fragment current as he called out towards the group of people.


 "It has been about a dozen years since we mysteriously arrived at this place from Southern Border."


 "Although I don’t know what the reason is, it is definitely the doing of a Gu Immortal level existence!"


 "Our Ni clan bloodline is all gathered in this place."


 "Over this dozen years, our Ni clan has been developing and growing, the number of our Gu Masters has increased by ten times! However, recently, the weather of this mysterious place has become uncertain with dangers emerging constantly. Right now, in front of us, we have a life and death crisis."


 "The gold fragment current is continuing to rise in water level, we must create more channels for the current! Otherwise, when the water overflows and turns into a flood, the surrounding thousand li will be completely submerged, we will lose our home and will no longer be able to live here."



***
Chapter 2127 Sovereigns Commotion


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Western Desert.


 An enormous pitch-black city occupied the desert.


 This was a large city with rigid structure. The entire city was a hexagon and its walls had gone through the weathering of time. The city walls were more than two hundred li long, they were a hundred feet tall and tens of feet thick.


 If a person stood on the grassland, they would see what looked like a huge black beast sprawling. If they got closer, they would need to raise their heads to look up at the huge city gate and walls.


 Every edge of the city had defensive towers that were filled with countless holes that could shoot out arrows.


 Every few li apart, there would be a wide path for horse carriages to move on.


 There were even very secretive armories within the city walls.


 Passing the city walls, one would arrive at the vibrant world within.


 The city had many streets and shops, there were great numbers of houses and palaces. People and carriages were bustling, there was an endless flow of activity. Loud noises could be heard constantly, this was truly a lively city.


 This was Inkman City!


 It was created by the legendary inkman Immortal Yi Yan, and was a smaller version of Emperor City. Later, it was captured by Fang Yuan and moved to Mini Western Desert.


 At this time, two inkman Gu Immortals, Mo Tan Sang and Mo Qi Yi, were floating in the air and looking at the surroundings with grave expressions.


 "These toxic vines and windmill trees have spread over ten li in just three days, they are only around twenty li from Inkman City." Mo Tan Sang said.


 Mo Qi Yi frowned: "We have already cleared them up over ten times, but every time we exterminate them, they grow back rapidly. Are we going to have to relocate again?"


 Right now, the surroundings of Inkman City were covered in vegetation.


 These vegetation were formed from purple-black toxic vines and huge azure-gold windmill trees. It was like a terrifying tsunami of plants engulfing everything in its path.


 Mo Qi Yi sighed: "These vegetation have already started producing desolate plants, it is even more difficult for us to clear them up now. If we are not able to get rid of the source, even if we clear them up for thousands of times, we won’t be able to solve the root issue. I thought we had moved to a good place, but I did not expect the environment here to be dozens and even a hundred times worse than Northern Plains!"


 Mo Tan Sang patted Mo Qi Yi’s shoulder: "Master has already sent people to help us, it is better if you speak less of such complaints."


 Mo Qi Yi immediately kept quiet.


 His master was the number one demon in the present world, a ruthless and vicious existence.


 "Look, our reinforcements have arrived!" Mo Tan Sang suddenly pointed towards the faraway horizon with joy.


 Mo Qi Yi looked towards the direction and saw four Gu Immortals flying over.


 There were two snowman Gu Immortals, one hairy man Gu Immortal, and one mushroomman Gu Immortal. Among them, one snowman female immortal was tall and vibrant, she had blue eyes and hair, and looked pure and noble, she was Xue Er.


 Mo Tan Sang and Mo Qi Yi quickly went forward to greet them.


 Xue Er’s identity was special.


 Back then, because of what happened with Fang Yuan and her, on the surface, Xue Er’s identity was Fang Yuan’s fiancée!


 Naturally, Fang Yuan had never acknowledged it, but he had not denied it either.


 The snowman tribe, especially the snowman Gu Immortal behind Xue Er, Bing Yuan, was always trumpeting about this relationship, which led to every Gu Immortal in the sovereign immortal aperture knowing of it.


 "I did not expect Lady Xue Er to come personally."


 "With your help, my Inkman City’s crisis can be considered to be resolved!"


 Mo Tan Sang and Mo Qi Yi flattered.


 Xue Er: "Inkmen and snowmen might be of different races, but both sides have already cooperated back when we were in Northern Plains. I came this time to help you two as well as to request for you to come back to help my snowman tribe once this matter is resolved."


 The snowman tribe was living in Mini Northern Plains and had also encountered trouble.


 The two inkman immortals quickly expressed they would give full support.


 Bing Yuan: "We have already investigated the situation on our way. I and Xue Er will activate ice and snow killer moves, to freeze and slow down the growth of the vegetation to buy time for you."


 The hairy man Gu Immortal: "I brought a large number of hairy man Gu Masters with me, we will modify Inkman City into one entity, forming a large Gu House. It will be extremely convenient for you to relocate in the future."


 The mushroomman Gu Immortal: "I can solve the issue of the toxic vines, these toxic vines are a disaster to you, but they are superior cultivation resources for my mushroomman tribe. Moreover, I have already found the source of the toxic vines. By fighting poison with poison, I can make use of the toxic vines to fix this area of vegetation and stabilize it for some time."


 The two inkman Gu Immortals showed both joy and new worries.


 Mo Tan Sang asked the hairy man Gu Immortal: "Back in Northern Plains, Inkman City had a population of over eight hundred thousand, it has already crossed one million and two hundred thousand now. Modifying Inkman City will probably have some effect on the residents. Master had instructed me to preserve the lives of the residents and help them progress with all my strength..."


 The hairy man Gu Immortal raised his hand and interrupted Mo Tan Sang: "You don’t need to be too worried. Our Lang Ya Sect has already received master’s command to modify all the cities in the sovereign immortal aperture. Every city has a specific blueprint, most of them will become mortal Gu Houses, while several large cities will be raised to become Immortal Gu Houses! I need to congratulate you two, Inkman City is one of the cities chosen to become an Immortal Gu House!"


 Mo Tan Sang and Mo Qi Yi looked at each other, seeing the excitement on each other’s faces.


 Mo Tan Sang was speechless and could not help asking: "Isn’t this too big of an investment? Master is actually so resolute! I naturally hope for such things to happen more often, but if this delays master’s cultivation and uses up a lot of master’s Immortal Gu, then wouldn’t it be our fault?"


 The hairy man Gu Immortal laughed loudly: "You are underestimating master! How can you estimate master’s might and plans? Master’s refinement path attainment has already surpassed the predecessors, reaching a level that you and I are unable to speculate. This evaluation was not made by me, Lang Ya land spirit personally said it."


 "Currently, it is extremely easy for master to refine Immortal Gu. You have not seen those blueprints, they are all different and ingenious. Just choose one of them, it will take those ordinary Gu Immortals several years or even a dozen years to design them. But master casually drew them within a few minutes."


 "Master’s attainment and wealth rivals the scale of mountains and seas. This investment you see is just an insignificant amount to master."


 This hairy man Gu Immortal’s face was filled with fanatical reverence when he talked of Fang Yuan.


 "I was wrong, I should be punished!" Mo Tan Sang quickly apologized.


 That mushroomman Gu Immortal added: "Although us mushroommen have moved to this world just recently, we were immediately certain of the boundless potential of this world. To create the sovereign immortal aperture, Shadow Sect used up all of their accumulations. The important thing is it is able to show infinite grandeur in the hands of a divine hero like master."


 "Every time master annexes a grotto-heaven or blessed land, there will be a huge surge of dao marks in the sovereign grotto-heaven and a large number of territories will be added out of nowhere. Just take these toxic vines, this species has never appeared in the five regions, and their toxicity is extremely strong."


 The mushroomman Gu Immortal addressed Fang Yuan as master, it was natural and without any hesitation.


 Although they had joined only recently, they were extremely optimistic and excited about their future.


 Mini Southern Border.


 At the base of Fire Bird Mountain, Shi Shi Cheng, Shi Zong, and other rockman Gu Immortals were controlling an immortal Gu formation.


 As the immortal Gu formation started activating, the shaking Fire Bird Mountain reluctantly calmed down.


 "Success." Shi Shi Cheng let out a breath of air and relaxed his mind.


 Shi Zong said: "Master annexed Fire Plain grotto-heaven as well as immortal apertures of its immortals and Fire Plain Grotto Lord, causing a huge increase in fire path dao marks in the sovereign immortal aperture. This Fire Bird Mountain is a volcano and almost erupted because of this, fortunately, we discovered it in time and set up an immortal formation to suppress it. But from now on, someone needs to stay and preside over the immortal formation."


 Shi Shi Cheng nodded: "We need to do that, but the number of Gu Immortals we can mobilize are already few, and now we are going to have one fewer."


 Shi Zong heaved a sigh: "Yes. We are already hard-pressed to control these territories, it can be imagined how troublesome it is for master to look after the whole sovereign immortal aperture."


 Shi Shi Cheng: "Didn’t master take in many members of the variant human alliance and station them everywhere in the sovereign immortal aperture to salvage the situation? There is no choice, master annexed too frequently in this period of time. There is a huge increase in dao marks, and countless resources of every path."


 Shi Zong shook his head: "What kind of person is master? He should have already known of these demerits beforehand. We don’t need to be concerned for master, it is better if we look after our territories properly. Like this Fire Bird Mountain, it is not feasible to suppress it with just the immortal formation. We must modify this Fire Bird Mountain and make it adapt to the changed environment."


 Shi Shi Cheng agreed: "Yes, the resources in the past all developed naturally bit by bit over a long period of time. But here, there are huge increases in dao marks, even this volcano was at the point of erupting. We must modify and quicken the volcano’s adaptation process artificially. It is just that fire path is not the specialty of us rockmen, we need to send a request to Star Collection City."


 Mini Blue Heaven, Star Collection City.


 This was managed by the previous generation’s Combat Beast King.


 In the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, this rank eight Gu Immortal had made a great contribution by resisting the tribulation formed from three thousand heaven path dao marks.


 After that, Fang Yuan personally healed him.


 Fang Yuan had annexed too many apertures, causing instability in the sovereign immortal aperture. Fang Yuan then arranged Star Collection City as the main city and ordered the Combat Beast King to oversee the overall internal affairs of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 "The issue of Inkman City at Mini Western Desert has been resolved."


 "Mini Southern Border’s Fire Bird Mountain was suppressed by using the formation. But they want fire path Gu Immortals to go modify the volcano? This needs to be coordinated."


 At this time, an information path Gu worm flew over while making loud sounds.


 Combat Beast King’s expression changed: "Where did the rank eight disaster appear again?"


 He quickly inspected the Gu worm and found that the source of the disaster was a huge fire rain formed in Mini Red Heaven.


 Fire rain often appeared in Mini Red Heaven, and after the increase in fire path dao marks, its emergence had become much more frequent.


 But this wave of fire rain was different, it kept on growing and shot through a charcoal lake, forming rank six level killer move meteor rain.


 As the meteor rain entered mini orange heaven, its strength increased to rank seven level.


 As it entered Mini Yellow Heaven, it resonated with metal path dao marks and its might increased to rank eight.


 "Damn it! Only I can deal with this disaster. But it is already too late to go and resolve it now!" Combat Beast King’s face was slightly pale.


 He came from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, the Gu Immortals there felt that it was their responsibility and glory to protect mortals.


 Combat Beast King’s heart was in deep pain: "I cannot salvage this. This disaster covers a thousand li. Dozens of resource points as well as the human Ni clan and rockman metal water branch tribe will be annihilated."



***
Chapter 2128 Hu Land Projection


***





 



 Ni clan’s Gu Masters were using all their strength to deal with the gold fragment current.


 They first used mortal Gu to make a grand embankment, then they dug a canal to draw away a portion of the river, the rising gold fragment current was gradually receding.


 However, a large number of lifeforms lived in the gold fragment current.


 Ni clan’s army had invaded the territory of the river fish, frightening these fish monsters.


 All kinds of river monsters swam to the surface and attacked, some even charged to the shore and attacked Ni clan’s Gu Masters while letting out strange sounds.


 Ni clan specialized in earth path, their basic Gu worm was rank one mud Gu. Earth path specialized in defense, Ni clan Gu Masters had constructed lines of defense and were prepared for the fight.


 But the number of river monsters was high and they even had stronger myriad beast kings.


 Under the frantic offensive waves of the river monsters, the defensive lines of Ni clan’s Gu Masters broke one by one.


 "Persevere!"


 "Kill!"


 "Avenge our clansmen!"


 "Hold on and carve the future of our clan!"


 Mud and blood splattered everywhere, groups of Gu Masters rotated as they resisted the attacks of the river monsters.


 The Ni clansmen were brought into the sovereign immortal aperture and had been secretly nurtured by Fang Yuan, the number of their Gu Masters had increased by a lot. Adding on the strong survival pressure in Mini Yellow Heaven, these Ni clansmen had to unite and foster a harmonious environment.


 In this defensive battle, Ni clan’s army showed astonishing battle strength and resolute fighting spirit!


 Finally, there were fewer river monsters and Ni clan’s army was able to hold on.


 They then began their counterattack.


 The river monsters did not have much internal organization from the start, and under this sudden change of situation, they began to collapse rapidly.


 The Ni clan Gu Masters carved a path of blood, leaving behind countless river monster corpses in their way.


 These corpses were Gu materials, they were rich battle spoils.


 Ni clan Gu Masters killed their way to the gold fragment current, various kinds of Gu worms were activated, their attacks landed on the river, raising countless dazzling golden waves.


 "We won!"


 "Quick, set up the Gu formation, it is not the time to rejoice yet."


 "Yes, we must quickly set up the Gu formation, otherwise new waves of river monsters will come out."


 Ni clan Gu Masters were setting up the formation with all their efforts.


 They had meticulously prepared for over half a year for this, making proper plans and arrangements.


 However, just as the Gu formation was about to finish setting up, the whole gold fragment current and the cloud soil they were on began to vibrate.


 "What’s going on? The river monsters are attacking again?"


 "Something is wrong! Something is wrong!"


 "Look up, oh heavens!"


 Gu Masters exclaimed in shock, when they looked towards the sky, they all stiffened like rocks.


 Because they saw the meteor rain falling from the sky.


 Some of these meteors were only the size of a small field, while some were as large as a mountain.


 And there were tens of thousands of them!


 The large number of meteors whistled through the air, leaving behind blazing trails in their path as they pressed through the atmosphere and rained down with an irresistible momentum.


 "We’re doomed!" The faces of Ni clan’s Gu Masters were deathly pale.


 "Does heaven want to exterminate my Ni clan?" In the deathly silent battlefield, an elderly Ni clan Gu Master howled with grief and fury.


 "I am not ready to die like this!" The current generation Ni clan leader, who was also the current generation Ni Xiang, clenched his fists, "We were close to success, my clan sacrificed so much to curb the flood, the beautiful future was already in sight. But now, we are going to die."


 Everyone was hopeless.


 Nature’s might was so horrifying that these Ni clan Gu Masters did not even have the thought of resisting, they all felt their insignificance, this was the sorrow and helplessness of the weak.


 But right at this time, the sky that was lit by the meteor rain dimmed suddenly.


 Howl howl howl...


 Ni clan Gu Masters heard waves of cries which seemed to have come from the nine layers of hell.


 Temperature began to fall down rapidly, and the countless Gu Masters felt their hearts shaking!


 "What... what is that?"


 "Oh lords in heaven!"


 "A black giant?!"


 The Ni clan Gu Masters were horrified and in despair as they watched the scene before them with wide eyes.


 They saw a giant appearing slowly, it was pitch-black like the abyss. Its body was so large that when it bent its leg, a huge shadow was cast on the ground.


 As the giant stood up, its height was even more horrifying, directly reaching the sky with clouds floating beside its shoulders.


 The black giant had two heads, its terrifying four eyes let out a dark, malevolent light that seemed to shoot through the sky!


 Its hundreds of hands were raised high with their claws opened, forming a scene like that of an extremely ferocious and strange forest.


 One of the pitch-black giant’s head opened and breathed out a dark soul river.


 The soul river was tumultuous, whipping up astonishing waves that drowned a large number of meteors.


 The giant’s other head opened and sucked in. Many small meteors were directly absorbed into its stomach.


 Bam bam bam...


 Its ghostly claws and giant arms moved through the air, catching the hill sized meteors!


 Waves surged up and down in the Ni clansmen’s hearts.


 "It is truly capable of holding up heaven and earth, picking moon and stars at will!"


 "This world was actually concealing such a terrifying monster!"


 "Compared to this giant, our Ni clan cannot even be considered as ants."


 Almost the entire meteor rain was stopped by the giant, only some fragments fell to the ground.


 Some of these fragments fell on the gold fragment current and some fell on the cloud soil, they would definitely bring unknown influences to the original ecology.


 The meteor rain died down and the giant also left, the enormous body slowly disappearing from the Ni clansmen’s sight.


 After a long while, the surviving Ni clan Gu Masters erupted with cheers.


 And the greatest contributor to this, the black giant, turned into a ray of soul light that entered Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body.


 Indeed.


 This black soul giant was the soul of Fang Yuan’s main body!


 After Fang Yuan inherited Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, he had gained the supreme cultivation method of soul path.


 This method divided soul cultivation to two layers: First layer was human soul, the cultivation starting from single man soul to hundred man soul, thousand man soul... until the highest hundred million man soul. Hundred million man soul was the limit of human soul, where it turned from phantom to solid and could interfere with the material world.


 The second layer was desolate soul. Because fate Gu was damaged by Red Lotus Demon Venerable, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable found a way to break through the limit of human soul. Once the soul broke through to desolate soul, the soul’s essence would transform, the soul alone possessing desolate beast level battle strength.


 Fang Yuan’s soul had already reached desolate soul level, his soul cultivation had never stopped and now had already reached sixty million desolate soul!


 Ten desolate soul, hundred desolate soul, thousand desolate soul, ten thousand desolate soul, hundred thousand desolate soul, million desolate soul, ten million desolate soul, and hundred million desolate soul!


 Reaching hundred million desolate soul meant the Three Headed Thousand Arms Demon Soul which possessed quasi-rank nine battle strength, the soul could directly resist calamities and tribulations, defying the heavens and stamping the earth, slaughtering deities and ghosts, shocking the world with unmatched might!


 This was the peak level of soul foundation, and also the limit that the world could contain.


 Hundred million desolate soul had three heads and thousand arms, Fang Yuan had not reached that level yet.


 Fang Yuan’s soul cultivation was similar to the previous Spectral Soul’s, they both had two heads and over six hundred arms.


 "Soul cultivation is really amazing."


 "Just the soul itself has pseudo venerable battle strength. If it uses immortal essence, it can even activate killer moves."


 "More importantly, such killer moves aren’t used through Gu worms, but through the arrangements of dao marks like a natural ability."


 Fang Yuan ruminated.


 His soul manifestation had breathed out a tumultuous soul river, which was referenced from Spectral Soul’s ability during the pursuit against Fang Yuan.


 According to Spectral Soul’s techniques, Fang Yuan transformed the referenced soul path killer move into soul path dao marks and engraved them on his soul.


 Thereupon, this soul river killer move became an innate ability of Fang Yuan’s soul.


 As long as the related arrangement of dao marks was not destroyed, Fang Yuan could quickly activate this killer move without a need for Gu worms. This was an extremely simple, convenient, and quick method!


 "Soul cultivation innate abilities, totem killer moves, as well as formation path great grandmaster that can use natural dao marks to set up the formation... they are all the same in the end."


 "With the supply from Fang clan, I don’t lack soul cores, and it is not difficult to cultivate to the peak hundred million desolate soul."


 "This method can be one of my trump cards, it cannot be revealed casually."


 The five regions and two heavens were monitored by heaven’s will at all times, if Fang Yuan used this method in the outside world, it would be known by heaven’s will. There was no such threat inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 "Let’s look at the situation now." Fang Yuan activated Cooking Luck Pot and observed his luck.


 "Hmm?" Fang Yuan frowned.


 His luck did not look good.


 At this time, his silver light pillar had become increasingly loose and was actually showing a sign of collapse!


 Those three clouds above the silver light pillar had also changed.


 The starlight cloud occupied the highest position, this signified Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the greatest threat.


 Below this was Spectral Soul’s pitch-black luck cloud. Although it was suppressed by the starlight cloud, it had spread some darkness that penetrated into Fang Yuan’s silver light pillar like roots, showing signs of taking root and sprouting!


 And the golden cloud that represented Giant Sun had become much thicker, although it was below the other two clouds, it showed signs of accumulating energy and biding its time.


 And besides the previous clouds, an anomaly had also appeared around the silver light pillar.


 The indistinct shadow of a raised hill was projected on the surface of the silver light pillar...


 Southern Border.


 The travel-worn Feng Tian Yu stopped his footsteps.


 He was gasping for air: "I have finally arrived."


 Feng Tian Yu’s journey was arduous. He wanted to find other branch villages of Ni clan, but found nothing.


 That went without saying. Fang Yuan had already moved all the Ni clansmen into his aperture long ago.


 Feng Tian Yu was not able to make any contribution and was extremely disappointed. But on his way, he found that this mud monster Ni Jian could devour mud Gu materials to increase its strength!


 "All the Ni clansmen have disappeared mysteriously. If I return in disgrace like this, I won’t be able to give any explanation, and it is also not my style. I might as well raise this mud monster’s battle strength, and when Shang Xin Ci questions me after I return, I can give a proper reply."


 Therefore, Feng Tian Yu moved around until he arrived at... Rotten Mud Mountain.


 Rotten Mud Mountain might not be too famous, but it was still considered a famous mountain. Although there were poison path dao marks, it mostly contained earth path dao marks. These mud Gu materials were everywhere on the mountain and were suitable for feeding Ni Jian.


 "It seems like a beast tide occurred here, the Gu Master village down the mountain is also destroyed. Alright, let me explore it alone."


 Feng Tian Yu had rank five cultivation and also had Ni Jian with him. He moved up the mountain and gave the suitable mud Gu materials to Ni Jian to devour.


 After several days and nights in the mountain, Feng Tian Yu arrived in an area.


 Suddenly, Ni Jian spat out the mud Gu materials.


 "What’s going on? The mud here actually contains qi path dao marks?" Feng Tian Yu was astonished after investigating the reason.



***
Chapter 2129 Golden-Red Armor


***





 



 "This luck..." Fang Yuan frowned slightly.


 Over this period of development, his luck had some growth, but the suppression from the three venerables had become even more clear now.


 "I am growing day by day, but the three venerables are indeed beyond ordinary, they have stabilized the situation again."


 "There may be some changes if my luck manages to solidify."


 Fang Yuan sighed inwardly.


 At present, he needed to stabilize the sovereign immortal aperture. The troubles in the sovereign immortal aperture were continuing to increase, unlike Fang Yuan’s previous expectations where he thought the abnormal changes would decrease with time.


 With no choice, Fang Yuan placed many of the variant human alliance’s Gu Immortals inside. With these Gu Immortals working day and night along with himself taking frequent action, they managed to stabilize the unrest in the sovereign immortal aperture for the time being.


 Moreover, he still needed to create a suitable combat system.


 And the most important thing was to become venerable in refinement path!


 Becoming a venerable would produce qualitative change.


 Refinement path was divided into two major Gu refinement styles: hairy man heaven and earth style and human isolation style. Fang Yuan’s hairy man heaven and earth style had already reached the peak and he could not improve anymore, currently, he was exploring the peak of human isolation style.


 He gained a huge insight from Qing Chou’s style and the accumulate virtue Gu refinement technique of Paradise Earth’s true inheritance.


 And the Ni clansmen could condense Immortal Gu in their bodies, it was the result of Ni clan Gu Immortal Ni Ren using a human path Gu refinement technique back then. In fact, this was very similar to Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s method of destroying fate Gu and preventing it from emerging again!


 "If I can reverse deduce Ni Ren’s Gu refinement technique from Ni clan, I will be able to fill a huge gap in refinement path. Maybe, I can even ascend to refinement path supreme grandmaster!"


 The best situation was if Fang Yuan could ascend to venerable before entering Crazed Demon Cave.


 That would be the most stable.


 If he could not become a refinement path venerable before then, the second best would be to raise his strength to the limits.


 One was to get rid of the problems in the sovereign immortal aperture and annex all the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, reaching the maximum accumulation.


 Second was to form his own combat system.


 Crazed Demon Cave was the greatest challenge Fang Yuan would face.


 Because he was not facing just one Immortal Venerable, but several!


 Currently, it looked like there was only Star Constellation, Spectral Soul, Giant Sun, Paradise Earth, and Limitless. But almost all the other venerables had entered Crazed Demon Cave and explored it.


 When the time arrived, who would decide to jump out would be really uncertain.


 Especially when the River of Time was so chaotic, even if Fang Yuan’s Spring Autumn Cicada was raised to rank eight, it could not be used.


 Fang Yuan only had one chance!


 Finally, Fang Yuan’s gaze moved to the surface of the pillar of silver light.


 The previous clouds represented heaven’s envy Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan already knew of it.


 But what was this indistinct projection of a protruding hill?


 Fang Yuan was not sure.


 Southern Border, Rotten Mud Mountain.


 "Nature is really amazing. There are actually qi path Gu materials in this Rotten Mud Mountain!" Feng Tian Yu praised.


 These Gu materials had no value to Ni Jian.


 Because Ni Jian could only recover his strength by increasing his earth path dao marks.


 What Feng Tian Yu did not know was that these mud containing qi path dao marks were not a natural creation. It was the result of Kong Sheng Tian’s will activating his killer move with the help of Hu Land.


 Kong Ri Tian, Central Continent’s four great obscenities, and Wang Xiao Er were able to escape because of this. It was unknown where they were now.


 "This is strange, this amount of qi path mud is quite a lot. Is there a qi path immortal material buried deep under the ground? How could there be so much qi path mud with no rhyme or reason?"


 Feng Tian Yu moved around, feeling increasingly odd.


 He was a refinement path master, and had a lot of knowledge and experience.


 He searched around before finally stopping at one area and ordered Ni Jian to dig.


 However, even after digging for two days and nights, Feng Tian Yu did not discover any good loot.


 After Wu clan’s Gu Immortals secretly took away Hu Land, they had naturally cleaned up the scene. Even Gu Immortals would not be able to find out anything from just this qi path mud.


 After all, qi tides had swept the world before, and qi path Gu materials emerged everywhere.


 Western Desert.


 Sand Heap blessed land was exposed because of qi tides, and Gu Masters continued to enter and explore it.


 However, the environment here was extremely treacherous.


 Wind raged and carried rough sand that cut like knives.


 On the ground, sand waves rose and fell. If one was even a little careless, they would be buried under sand waves tens of feet high.


 The only areas where one could stay in were the sand heaps that appeared inside the sand waves.


 The sand heaps were of all sizes, even the smallest ones were the size of a hill.


 There was space inside the sand heaps, not only was it tranquil, there were also a large number of cultivation resources.


 At this time, inside a sand heap, a group of Gu Masters were surrounding a rank five Gu material. The atmosphere was solemn.


 "I saw this wisdom bead grass first."


 "Bullshit! We were clearly the ones who discovered it first."


 "Everyone deserves a share, what is the use in talking about who discovered it first?"


 While the Gu Masters were arguing, someone suddenly attacked.


 The others were caught unprepared, and the person who got sneak attacked was heavily injured, shouting furiously: "Mo Li, you have such guts, you dared to attack me!"


 Other Gu Masters immediately split up and stared at the attacker while also being vigilant of one another.


 This Gu Master was a middle aged bearded man, he was wearing a white scarf on his head, and his triangular eyes let out a sinister light.


 He sneered: "I was most wary of you. Now that you are heavily injured, my greatest obstacle is gone. Hahaha, all of you, die!"


 The Gu Masters were stunned before erupting with fury.


 "Mo Li, you have lost your mind!"


 "Alright, let me see what ability you have to speak such words."


 "Hehe, you have angered all of us. Everyone, attack together, let’s get rid of this bastard first!"


 Facing the group attack, Mo Li felt even more thirst to battle.


 "Come, I will let you know my true strength." His whole body began shining with blue electricity.


 He slowly rose to the air.


 The chaotic and disorderly electric arcs became clear electric threads that covered Mo Li like they were clothes.


 The killer move was activated successfully, Mo Li shouted: "Golden-red armor!"


 Crack crack.


 Pieces of armor floated out from his body, the hundred or so pieces followed the electric circuit and pieced together into one complete armor.


 In an instant, Mo Li was dressed in full-body armor.


 This armor let out metallic light, the golden and red lights emitted a domineering aura.


 The armored Mo Li charged at the Gu Masters like an eagle.


 At first, the Gu Masters attacked wildly, but the golden-red armor did not suffer any damage, there was only some soot left on its surface.


 The Gu Masters were pale with shock as they began to evade and defend.


 The armored Mo Li only charged around like a brute and many Gu Masters immediately died from the collision.


 The remaining Gu Masters lost their will to fight and began to run everywhere.


 Mo Li laughed coldly inside the armor, he then activated the armor’s killer move.


 At the next moment, the golden-red armor stretched out both hands, a circular marking shone on both his palms before several electric arrows flew out abruptly.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 The electric arrows flew with extreme speed, killing all the fleeing Gu Masters.


 The battlefield became quiet immediately.


 Mo Li slowly landed on the ground, the golden-red armor separated into pieces and disappeared. After that, the electricity weaved clothing also dissipated slowly.


 Mo Li half-knelt on the ground, his breathing was rough and his face was sweating profusely.


 "Although this golden-red armor has absolute might, the expenditure is too high. In just tens of breaths of time, my primeval essence, stamina, mental energy, and thoughts have been emptied. If not for your complete support, I would have only lasted half the time." Mo Li mumbled.


 Peng Da’s soul floated out: "Don’t we have wisdom bead grass now? We can refine electric brain[1] Gu with it, with its addition, the consumption of golden-red armor will reduce by more than half and the time it can be maintained will increase by at least double!"


 "Yes." Mo Li smiled and picked up the wisdom bead grass.


 After Mo Li killed Peng Da and seized his Thieving Heaven true inheritance, he had been cultivating painstakingly. The killer move golden-red armor was his greatest achievement.


 With this killer move, Mo Li’s battle strength was able to surpass rank five Gu Masters for a short period of time.


 And the reason Peng Da was cooperating with Mo Li was because Mo Li had encountered a life and death crisis before this, if Mo Li died, Peng Da’s soul would also disappear. Mo Li promised Peng Da that as long as he helped, Mo Li would help resurrect Peng Da.


 Peng Da and Mo Li reached an agreement.


 "Let’s go, we have ransacked this place already." Mo Li came out of the sand heap and arrived outside.


 The strong wind almost blew him into the sand waves.


 Mo Li activated his defensive method to endure the devastating sandstorm as he observed the surroundings.


 He could not see other sand heaps and could only sand waves crashing down loudly.


 Mo Li endured for about seven minutes before he finally saw a new sand heap.


 "Such a large sand heap! This is the largest sand heap I have seen! There must be a lot of resources inside." Mo Li was exulted and was just about to jump into it.


 Suddenly, the sand heap exploded.


 Several figures flew out of it.


 "Gu Immortals!" Mo Li’s heart shook, he immediately retreated.


 The Gu Immortals were fighting in the air, their fight seemed to shake heaven and earth, and even dispelled the large sandstorm.


 "This is the power of a Gu Immortal, so frightening. Even if I have golden-red armor, I cannot endure the collateral damage of their confrontation." Mo Li watched secretly, his heart jumped wildly and his mouth was dry.


 Mo Li observed carefully and gradually saw the actual battle situation — several Gu Immortals were attacking one person.


 This besieged Gu Immortal provoked them while laughing wildly without any worries.


 Amidst the chaotic battle, a shadow suddenly intruded.


 This intruding Gu Immortal left shortly afterwards, disappearing in the blink of an eye.


 The Gu Immortal, who was sneak attacked by this figure, roared: "Ling Hu Xu, you dare to steal my Fang clan’s possessions!"


 Ling Hu Xu laughed loudly: "Who asked you to be the nearest person to me? I didn’t expect you to actually carry so many soul cores. Looks like Fang clan’s plans in green ghost desert were quite successful."


 The Fang clan Gu Immortal was restless and furious: "Ling Hu Xu, I will advise you to leave those soul cores alone! You are provoking a huge trouble."


 "Haha, will I be intimidated so easily? Goodbye!"


 [1] This has the same characters as computer.



***
Chapter 2130 Pig-Head Land Spiri


***





 



 Ling Hu Xu was a Western Desert demonic immortal who cultivated theft path.


 Gu Immortal Fang Dong Xi of Fang clan could not restrain his anger. Sand Heap blessed land appeared too suddenly, Fang clan was unable to take out manpower within a short period, and could only mobilize him, who was the nearest to the blessed land.


 He had not expected that the batch of soul cores he harvested in green ghost desert would be stolen by Ling Hu Xu during the chaotic battle.


 "These soul cores are to be handed to Fang Yuan! I cannot lose them!" Fang Dong Xi was quite unlucky, he had a lot of resources in his immortal aperture, but what was stolen was the stuff that could not be lost.


 Fang clan and Fang Yuan’s cooperation could not be exposed.


 Fang Dong Xi could not announce it and could only give chase.


 Ling Hu Xu’s cultivation had recently advanced to rank seven and his speed was extremely fast. Fang Dong Xi had already decided to chase him without resting.


 But just as he was about to leave, he was obstructed by Shi Kang’s killer move.


 "Shi Kang, what are you trying to do?!" Fang Dong Xi shouted.


 Shi Kang smiled coldly: "Fang Dong Xi, you and these people attacked me for so long, and you want to leave just like this?"


 Fang Dong Xi’s eyelids twitched in anger: "Shi Kang, you should rejoice that I am not going to attack you. Did you make some agreement with Ling Hu Xu in secret? The grand Shi clan is actually cooperating with a demonic bastard!"


 The moment Fang Dong Xi spoke, he immediately made false charges.


 But because of this disturbance, Ling Hu Xu had already disappeared.


 Shi Kang laughed madly: "I have been in closed cultivation for several years, this is my first battle after coming out, it must be famous throughout the world. Don’t even think of fleeing, come fight! All of you are the stepping stones for my name to spread far and wide."


 The other Gu Immortals’ faces darkened upon hearing that.


 Fang Dong Xi said through gritted teeth: "Shi Kang, you are the one who spoke insolently and provoked us, which was why we encircled you. But because we are all from the righteous path, we did not use our full strength. Now, you have not only allied with Ling Hu Xu, you are showing so much contempt towards us, you are really looking for death! Everyone, attack!"


 "Good, I also want to see what methods Shi Kang has gained over these years."


 "Shi Kang, I have not seen you for several years and your guts have become so big. You think only you made progress?"


 This time, Fang Dong Xi took the initiative to attack first, other Gu Immortals also attacked seriously from the sides.


 Fang Dong Xi fought for a while before swapping with another Gu Immortal. Several Gu Immortals fought Shi Kang in turns!


 Shi Kang did not get any breather, the pressure on him was several times higher than before.


 The battle was rapidly becoming disadvantageous to him, but he was laughing with excitement: "Come, come!"


 The Gu Immortals continued to battle intensely, and having observed the battle for a long while, Mo Li flew to that largest sand heap while clenching his teeth.


 The Gu Immortals had flown out of this sand heap, they must have left many resources which had no importance to them.


 "Fortune is found within danger!" Mo Li was originally a merchant. Right now, his spirit of taking risks was stimulated.


 Mo Li entered the sand heap, he could still hear the sounds of the Gu Immortals’ battle. Shortly afterwards, he found that his choice was correct.


 As he moved deeper, he collected a large number of Gu materials on the way.


 Previously, there were many wild beasts and vicious plants inside the sand heap. But because the Gu Immortals had already explored it, the beasts and plants were already killed off.


 There were corpses of wild beasts everywhere, from thousand beast kings to even myriad beast kings.


 These resources were insignificant to Gu Immortals who tossed them aside casually, but they were incomparably abundant gains to Mo Li.


 It was like he had picked countless battle spoils for free.


 "I have struck it rich, we’ve struck rich!" Mo Li was extremely excited.


 He also saw many giant craters as well as terrifying poisonous blood.


 It was obvious that the desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts were taken away by the Gu Immortals, but the huge ruins quietly displayed the horror of immortal fight.


 "If I were exploring it, I might have become food for these ferocious beasts."


 Thanks to the Gu Immortals who explored it already, Mo Li entered the core area of the sand heap.


 Originally, this was the place with the most valuable resources, but Mo Li did not make any gains.


 This place was already ransacked by the Gu Immortals.


 "If an immortal material was left out, even if it was only a leaf, it would be an enormous fortune!" Mo Li was not resigned, he was going to search this area completely.


 He really ended up discovering a large rock buried under the ground.


 "This is a rank four Gu material, flying rock, it contains qi path and earth path dao marks." Mo Li sighed, this gain was far below his expectations, but it was better than nothing at least.


 Mo Li was just about to lift this flying rock when the rock split apart.


 A young man fell out from the split rock!


 "What is this?" Mo Li was shocked before being curious.


 This youngster was clearly a mortal, how could he appear here sealed in the flying rock?


 Mo Li woke up this mortal young man.


 The young man stated his identity: "I am Wang Xiao Er, from Central Continent. Uncle, thanks for saving me. Where is this?"


 Mo Li gave a malevolent laugh as he grabbed Wang Xiao Er’s clothes: "Speak, how did you appear here?"


 Wang Xiao Er stammered: "I... I don’t know."


 Back then at Southern Border’s Rotten Mud Mountain, Kong Sheng Tian’s will had activated the immortal move using Hu Land and transported everyone.


 But he had forewarned that the killer move would transport them to random locations.


 Like that, Wang Xiao Er was sent to Western Desert and coincidentally fell here.


 And for some unknown reason, he was sealed by the flying rock and fell into deep sleep.


 Although Wang Xiao Er knew some reasons, he wanted to preserve the secret of the whereabouts of the four great obscenities.


 Mo Li had plenty of worldly experiences, he could tell from Wang Xiao Er’s expression that he was lying.


 Bam.


 Mo Li punched Wang Xiao Er so hard that Wang Xiao Er’s nose bled: "Tell the truth, tell me everything you know, otherwise I am going to make you wish for death!"


 Peng Da’s soul suddenly came out and stopped Mo Li: "Stop!"


 Mo Li stared at Peng Da’s soul with an ominous gaze: "Brat, what are you trying to do?"


 Peng Da’s soul said through clenched teeth: "Uncle Mo Li, you are a rank five Gu Master, and he is only a child, a mortal. Why do you need to resort to cruel means against him? The Uncle Mo Li that I met was a person who saved me in the desert, and told me about living outside and helping each other. Uncle, don’t deceive your conscience because of hatred! You are not this kind of person!"


 "Shut up!" Mo Li shouted and smacked Peng Da’s soul to the side, "How do you know that I am not this kind of person? Even if I was not like this before... humans change!"


 Mo Li walked towards the frightened Wang Xiao Er: "Since you don’t want to speak, I can only soul search."


 Wang Xiao Er suddenly screamed, pointing towards Peng Da’s soul: "Ghost, there is a ghost, a ghost!"


 Peng Da’s soul: "..."


 "Stop making a fuss! Do you think that I will turn you into a ghost as well?" Mo Li punched Wang Xiao Er to the ground.


 He had just finished speaking when a strange existence appeared while laughing: "Good, amazing. Young man, I have a high opinion of you."


 Mo Li, Wang Xiao Er, and Peng Da’s soul turned solemn, the three pairs of eyes stared at this existence that had appeared all of a sudden.


 Wang Xiao Er shouted: "A talking pig? But why is there only the head and no body?"


 Mo Li, however, shook with excitement: "Idiot, this is Sand Heap blessed land’s land spirit!"


 Mo Li walked towards the land spirit: "Speak, land spirit, what is your condition for acknowledging a new master?"


 The pig-head land spirit floated above Wang Xiao Er and looked down: "My condition is simple, the person who can take the most beatings will be my master."


 It then laughed towards Wang Xiao Er: "Young man, I think highly of you."


 Peng Da’s soul realized at once: "I understand, no wonder the Gu Immortal named Shi Kang was so rampant outside, he is trying to be beaten up through all means."


 The pig-head land spirit smiled: "That Gu Immortal took a beating from ancient desolate beasts for a while, so he saw me and learned of the conditions to be my master. But he doesn’t realize that it is not the one who can take more fierce beatings who will become the blessed land’s master. Taking a beating is a grand cause. Not only do you need the ability to resist the beatings, you also need to have a firm and indomitable spirit to take the beatings!"


 "Look at this youngster, he is obviously lying but even if he is beaten and is facing someone he cannot defy, he is still stubborn. This spirit to take a beating is worthy of admiration."


 "So there is this way." Mo Li’s eyes shone brightly as he saw hope of contending for the ownership of the blessed land.


 The battle in the sky was still continuing.


 But the attacking Gu Immortals had started to feel something amiss.


 "Shi Kang, is this your strength after closed cultivation? You have been beaten to the point where it is difficult for you to even speak, if not for us holding back, you would have already died!" A Gu Immortal scoffed.


 Shi Kang’s face was already swollen and blue from the beating, his vision was blurry but he still laughed: "Nonsnc! I few grat. Peak conditon, fight five hundr ronds, no problm."


 Another Gu Immortal said: "On account of our two clans’ close relationship, Shi Kang, just retreat. How much blood have you coughed from the beatings? Anymore and you might not have any left."


 Shi Kang opened his mouth to retort but coughed out a mouthful of blood: "Bulsht! I haf lot o’ blood, can cough coupl o’ mthfuls."


 Fang Dong Xi sneered: "Shi Kang, even if you are most specialized in defensive killer moves and can turn into a rockman, you cannot hold out for long. You have already become the laughing stock of Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world in this battle, if we fight any longer, you will be crippled. If you are sensible, then take out some resources to compensate for our losses. My Fang clan will let bygones be bygones!"


 Western Desert’s righteous path had rules, they did not go overboard in their contest over the inheritances. These resources in Sand Heap blessed land were not worth it to stake their lives.


 Shi Kang was beaten so miserably that it had already surpassed the usual standard of contending. Could they kill him and attract the retaliation of Shi clan, causing this dispute to escalate? This was something that all the Gu Immortals including Fang clan did not want to see.


 Shi Kang raised his head and was about to speak, but the slight exertion caused his right leg to crack in a crisp sound.


 Shi Kang held his right leg and pressed it on the broken area while activating a killer move, rocks filled the gap and his rockman transformation was back in one piece for the moment.


 Shi Kang still did not want to show weakness, he shouted at Fang Dong Xi: "Cme, I cn stil fiht!"



***
Chapter 2131 Fang Yuan: Hu Land?


***





 



 With the situation in this state, Fang Dong Xi and the rest stopped attacking.


 "Strange!"


 "This is really odd. Something does not make any sense."


 "Shi Kang is not a suicidal person, there might be great benefits involved for him to push himself this hard."


 As for what benefits, the Gu Immortals had a similar guess.


 "Shi Kang entered with us and had only gone into that sand heap earlier. Could it be?"


 The Gu Immortals suddenly flew down and entered the sand heap again.


 Shi Kang was really anxious this time as he gave chase.


 He yelled and cursed but no one cared.


 The immortals arrived at the center of the sand heap within moments and witnessed a painful scene.


 They saw Mo Li lying on the ground with his legs spread open, he was gnashing his teeth while his body shook from the intense pain.


 Wang Xiao Er was standing in front of him and fiercely kicking the part between Mo Li’s legs, the most vital area of a man.


 On the other side, Peng Da’s soul was also attacking Mo Li.


 What attracted the Gu Immortals’ attention was the pig-head land spirit.


 The pig-head land spirit was cheering loudly: "Good, this way of taking a beating really makes people marvel! What moves me even more is this spirit, what kind of spirit to take a beating is this! Exposing your vital area openly and allowing such fierce attacks. And you, Mo Li, have persevered without a thought of giving up. What fearless courage! Your dazzling spirit continues to move me."


 "Ah ah ah! Then, then you... ahh! Are you moved... ahh! Will you recognize me... as your... your master?" Mo Li’s tears fell from the pain as he shouted.


 The pig-head land spirit said with a solemn expression: "Soon, soon! You have already surpassed that Shi Kang."


 Mo Li wanted to cry: "You, you, you... ahh, you said that just before... ughh!"


 "Stop them!" Fang Dong Xi shouted first.


 "A mere mortal wants to obtain a blessed land?" The Gu Immortals made their moves.


 Shi Kang was also among them, his head was soaked with cold sweat as he rejoiced. The other Gu Immortals discovered this secret, if not for that, he might have been defeated by this audacious mortal.


 Immortal moves shrouded the entire place, they descended like a tsunami.


 Mo Li’s group was deathly pale.


 "Mother!" Wang Xiao Er held his head and tried to run.


 "Land spirit, save me!" Mo Li was lying on the ground, his legs tremblings intensely.


 The pig-head land spirit shook its head and flew away: "I cannot save you. To become my master, you need to have the spirit to take a beating, but even more than that, you need to have the strength to take the beatings."


 But right as Mo Li was about to die miserably, there was a loud sound, and all the killer moves were destroyed.


 "Who?"


 "Come out!"


 Three mysterious figures appeared from the corner.


 Their bodies were shrouded in a layer of profound light, hiding their appearance and gender.


 They stood silently, but their auras were closely connected and actually suppressed the side of Western Desert’s righteous path.


 Fang Dong Xi and the rest became solemn like they were facing a huge enemy.


 "This profound light and this kind of image...."


 "You? You are the legendary Yi clan!"


 "Western Desert’s Yi clan? There really is this super clan?"


 There existed a hidden super clan in Western Desert, with powerful strength and a long history, seemingly existing since ancient times.


 But this was only a rumor between Western Desert’s super forces, and there had never been clear evidence.


 "Since you know of our Yi clan, then retreat." One of the three mysterious figures spoke. Their voice was also modified, gender-neutral and hoarse.


 Fang Dong Xi snorted coldly: "Cowardly people who dare not show themselves, who knows if you are really from Yi clan."


 "You want us to retreat just like this? Aren’t you too arrogant?"


 "You are even more arrogant than Shi Kang."


 Shi Kang rubbed his nose and was about to speak when another person said: "Look at the price of Shi Kang’s arrogance, your outcome will be the same."


 Shi Kang: "..."


 A chaotic battle broke out.


 Yi clan’s three Gu Immortals had tacit cooperation, they had clearly trained together for years. They immediately gained the upper hand.


 Western Desert righteous path might have been suppressed but they had superiority in their numbers.


 The pig-head land spirit floated near the edge of the battlefield and watched the battle excitedly.


 Gu Immortals prioritized defense to become the blessed land’s master. They did not dodge the attacks they could dodge, and even moved towards the attacks.


 They were also fighting for Mo Li; after all, he was the person who was thought highly of by the land spirit. If they could help him get the ownership, they would win this battle.


 Finally, after a strange, fierce battle, Mo Li was taken away by Yi clan.


 Wang Xiao Er was captured by Fang Dong Xi.


 And the person who became the blessed land’s owner was Gu Immortal Shi Kang. He had not wasted his efforts after all.


 Fang Dong Xi returned to Fang clan and reported the outcome of the battle.


 The matter concerned Fang Yuan, Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong immediately convened the clan’s Gu Immortals to discuss about it.


 "We should kill Ling Hu Xu!"


 "The issue now is, how do we explain this to Fang Yuan."


 "We will tell the truth and let Fang Yuan kill Ling Hu Xu! But we need to hide our transaction with Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan is the number one demon in the world who cultivates all paths. We are unable to deal with Ling Hu Xu because he cultivates theft path and is proficient in escaping. If Fang Yuan were to take action, Ling Hu Xu would definitely die an extremely miserable death."


 "That is not appropriate." Fang Di Chang shook his head, rejecting this suggestion.


 His soul was traded to Fang clan by Fang Yuan, and he obtained freedom once again. Right now, he had possessed a rank five Gu Master’s body and was preparing to undergo immortal ascension again, he was part of this discussion right now.


 Fang Di Chang continued to analyze: "Do you think that possibility is likely, or is it more probable for Fang Yuan to find trouble with us instead?"


 "What is the reason for Fang Yuan’s transaction with our clan? It is because our clan is the closest to green ghost desert, and he needs countless soul cores to cultivate his soul. After all, he inherited Shadow Sect’s true inheritance."


 "If my grand Fang clan cannot even handle this properly, we will no doubt lose our value in Fang Yuan’s eyes. At that time, what do you think he will do?"


 Fang clan’s immortals felt their hearts turning cold from this analysis.


 Fang Gong nodded: "I approve of Fang Di Chang’s words. Fang Yuan could step on Heavenly Court, it is very easy for him to deal with Fang clan. We cannot fight him!"


 "Besides this, our clan also benefited plenty from transacting with Fang Yuan. The numerous immortal materials in Fang Yuan’s hands are the most important transaction gains for our clan."


 Fang Dong Xi was troubled: "But this time’s soul core quantity cannot meet the requirement. Tomorrow is the day to hand over the goods, what reason will we use to delay it? If Fang Yuan wants to investigate this, he can easily realize the truth. But if we don’t lie and say the truth, won’t our value fall greatly in Fang Yuan’s eyes?"


 Fang Di Chang said: "We must tell the truth. But since the soul cores are not enough, we will use other things to compensate for them. Won’t it be okay as long as Fang Yuan is satisfied?"


 Fang Hua Sheng was worried: "Fang Yuan has a large number of venerable true inheritances, his standards are extremely high. Our Fang clan does have some items that can satisfy Fang Yuan, but every one of these items is a foundation of our Fang clan. We cannot hand over our foundation because of Ling Hu Xu, can we?"


 Fang Di Chang laughed: "You are thinking too deeply. In my opinion, this matter is easy to resolve."


 Fang Gong asked: "What plan do you have?"


 Fang Di Chang: "Didn’t we already soul search Wang Xiao Er? Although he is only a mortal, his body is mysterious and his experiences are also quite amazing. We know about Hu Land, this secluded domain of heaven and earth should already be in Wu clan’s hands now. We will hand this information to Fang Yuan, it should satisfy him."


 "Is that going to work?" Some were doubtful.


 Fang Di Chang shook his head: "Don’t treat Fang Yuan like us normal people. Spectral Soul and Qing Chou are already dead, Demon Immortal Qi Jue is suppressed, Qi Sea Ancestor was defeated by him. He is now the number one person in the world! Even if Wu clan is the number one super force of Southern Border... Hehe, they still won’t be able to protect Hu Land."


 Fang Gong nodded: "Then, let’s do that. If Fang Yuan is not satisfied, we can only incur a greater loss once again."


 He then sighed: "Such a pity about Hu Land. If only my clan knew of it, we would definitely conceal it and dig it up secretly. Now, we can only give it to Fang Yuan."


 Fang Di Chang said in a heavy tone: "Fang Yuan should be satisfied. This person is terrifying! The most terrifying thing is not his strength, but his broadmindedness instead. He doesn’t bother about trifling matters in order to accomplish the major goal, his broadmindedness and shrewdness are unfathomably deep and vast like mountains and seas."


 "What gives me chills is that even though he is the strongest person in the world, he is still willing to trade with us and will not resort to brute force if he can."


 "This kind of person is not someone our Fang clan or Heavenly Court can deal with. I am afraid that only the rumored venerable revival can curb such a terrifying demon."


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Yellow Heaven.


 At some corner of Ni clan, a Gu Master who had been unconscious for several days woke up dazedly from his bed.


 "An Immortal Gu condensed inside my body!" The Gu Master looked weak and pale, but he could barely hide his joy.


 "From today onwards, am I going to rise up towards the peak of my life?" The Gu Master was extremely excited, he had rank four cultivation and knew of Ni clan’s secret.


 "In the whole of Ni clan, there are three Gu Masters who have passed the difficulty of bloodline condensation and survived, and with me now, there are four who possess Immortal Gu. Now that I have an Immortal Gu, I will be Ni clan’s fourth elder even though my cultivation has not reached rank five!"


 The Gu Master’s mind was filled with plans for his beautiful future, little did he know that his condition over the past few days as well as the thoughts going through his mind right now were all seen by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan fell into thoughts: "Ni Ren’s method is indeed an ingenious human isolation style refinement technique. After the event of the gold fragment current, although Ni clan lost a lot of Gu Masters, the surviving Gu Masters passed the cruel trial. After they returned to the clan, the phenomenon of bloodline condensation appeared successively. Over forty people got a fever and fell unconscious, but only two woke up successfully and refined Immortal Gu inside their body."


 Right at this time, a message disturbed his thoughts.


 "Hmm? Hu Land?"



***
Chapter 2132 Nurturing Gu Immortals


***





 



 Southern Border, Wu clan.


 Over fifty Gu Masters were gathered in the hall.


 "First supreme elder! Supreme elder Wu Qiao, supreme elder Mountain Moving." Gu Masters greeted together with solemn expressions and hardly concealable excitement.


 Wei Shen Jing was among them.


 He had finally emerged from the cruel competition and obtained the opportunity to become an immortal.


 Besides him, there was Divine Doctor Sheng Shou and Wu Shen Tong, these two had been revived through the dead sea life retrieval formation. There was also Zhong Yi, the Western Desert Gu Master who had inherited Fire Thunder true inheritance.


 These fifty or so people were geniuses of their generation and were Gu Master elites selected by Wu clan.


 "You may stand." Wu Yong was sitting on the main seat, to his left was Mountain Moving Old Monster, and to his right was Wu clan’s rank seven Gu Immortal Wu Qiao.


 "The information on immortal ascension and the matters to pay attention to regarding immortal ascension have already been given to you. Over the following period of time, you should start closed cultivation and come out only when you feel you have the certainty to ascend to immortal. Our Wu clan’s Gu Immortals will help you resist the immortal ascension tribulations with all their strength. You may leave now." Wu Yong raised his hand.


 The group of around fifty Gu Masters retreated.


 Wu Yong smiled towards Mountain Moving Old Monster: "Supreme elder Mountain Moving, I shall hand the matter of these Gu Masters’ immortal ascension to you."


 Mountain Moving Old Monster was not a Gu Immortal originating from Wu clan, his surname was Qin and his name was Jing Sheng, he was previously a lone immortal.


 When Fang Yuan was disguised as Wu Yi Hai, there was the issue of Mount Snail where he reached an agreement with Mountain Moving Old Monster. Mountain Moving Old Monster obtained most of the benefits of Mount Snail, but this immemorial desolate beast still belonged to Wu clan in name.


 But in the end, Fang Yuan’s identity was exposed and Wu Yong went after him.


 Mountain Moving Old Monster’s situation immediately became awkward.


 Wu Yong was a formidable character, why would he let go of this opportunity? He immediately exerted pressure on Mountain Moving Old Monster; using both forceful and persuasive measures, he made Mountain Moving Old Monster become Wu clan’s external supreme elder.


 Back to the present, Mountain Moving Old Monster quickly agreed to Wu Yong’s command: "I am in deep admiration of first supreme elder’s broadmindedness. I will stake all my strength to make sure the tribulations cannot harm anyone."


 "Good." Wu Yong laughed, "I, Wu Yong, guarantee that the Wu clan I govern is fair with rewards and punishments."


 "I shall take my leave and make preparations." Mountain Moving Old Monster left.


 He knew the meaning behind Wu Yong’s action.


 He was an external elder of Wu clan, external elders were usually ostracized.


 But Wu Yong’s move was too revolutionary, he actually supported so many Gu Immortal seeds at once. What raised Mountain Moving Old Monster’s attention the most was that these fifty or so Gu Masters were mostly outsiders.


 Wu Yong ordered Mountain Moving Old Monster to be in charge of this matter: on one hand, he was worried of Wu clan’s Gu Immortals being biased towards the clan members if they were put in charge; on the other hand, it was to reassure Mountain Moving Old Monster, using action to tell him — I, Wu Yong, am different from ordinary leaders!


 When Mountain Moving Old Monster left, Wu Yong’s gaze moved towards Wu Qiao.


 Wu Qiao had been keeping silent and was feeling uneasy under Wu Yong’s gaze.


 Wu Qiao had been Wu clan’s third supreme elder with high authority and status. But he was enticed by Qiao clan and had supported Fang Yuan, who had disguised as Wu Yi Hai. This action was the same as betraying Wu clan’s benefits!


 Later, Wu Qiao was in charge of guarding Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian but lost it to the enemies. This was a great stain to his reputation.


 After Wu Yong took the position, he suppressed Wu Qiao to the limit. Wu Qiao’s situation declined day by day and he was even stripped of his third elder position.


 "Wu Qiao." Wu Yong spoke, "What do you think of my decision to support so many Gu Immortal seeds?"


 Under Wu Yong’s gaze, Wu Qiao’s forehead became covered in sweat. He took a deep breath before standing and bowing, saying in a sincere manner: "Lord Wu Yong, I think this action has far more benefits in long term. I give my full support to it!"


 Wu Yong laughed, he raised his tea cup and took a sip, before asking leisurely: "Then tell me how you will give full support?"


 Wu Qiao took a deep breath and said what he had already prepared before.


 Wu Yong did not comment and only nodded as he put down the cup: "Do it."


 Wu Qiao was exulted, he quickly requested for leave. He did not leave directly like Mountain Moving Old Monster, instead he stood at the door and bowed deeply towards Wu Yong before leaving slowly.


 This attitude was extremely respectful.


 Only Wu Yong remained in the discussion hall.


 He was expressionless, but was sighing inwardly.


 This time, he invested all the resources of the clan to support the immortal ascensions of over fifty Gu Masters, this move could be considered crazy.


 His move had caused dissatisfaction in many Wu clan Gu Immortals.


 The main reason was that among these over fifty Gu Masters, less than half were Wu clansmen while the rest were outsiders.


 Many Wu clan supreme elders including Wu Ba Chong thought: Wu Yong’s action was shaking Wu clan’s foundation!


 "These short-sighted people." As Wu Yong recalled the recent times, when these people admonished his actions openly or secretly, he could not help but snort coldly.


 Wu clan’s greatest issue was the lack of Gu Immortals, there was not enough manpower to guard their territories. Let alone when they were planning to expand in the future.


 However, Wu clan had few Gu Immortal seeds as well.


 Even when they lowered the standard and revived some Wu clan Gu Master elites, the number of Gu Immortal candidates was only eighteen.


 Although Gu Immortals could deal with the tribulations, the crucial point in immortal ascension was the balancing of three qi. Outsiders could not help in this, the Gu Master had to rely on themselves.


 Eighteen Wu clan Gu Immortal seeds, according to history, only one or two among them might succeed in immortal ascension.


 That would not do!


 What use was there in gaining one or two rank six Gu Immortals for Wu clan?


 This simply could not satisfy Wu Yong’s ambition!


 Thus, Wu Yong disregarded his subordinates’ opposition and recruited outsider Gu Masters to be Gu Immortal candidates. Moreover, Wu clan treated them fairly and gave them full support.


 "It is not that these people cannot see the situation, but they raised opposition because it threatened their own benefits."


 "They have really disappointed me. Their vision is too narrow, without the five regional walls now, our Wu clan’s enemies are not just Southern Border forces, but the entire five regions. And among the five regions, the most terrifying enemies are in Central Continent."


 "Central Continent’s sect system..." Wu Yong sighed.


 With his foresight and wisdom, he was already clear of the superiority of the sect system. That was the reason he gave full support to outsider Gu Immortal candidates and recruited outsiders to become Wu clan’s external supreme elders.


 But even with his prestige, he encountered such opposition and resistance, it could be imagined what the situation in other super forces would be like.


 Wu Yong had excellent political skills, he dealt with this situation by deploying Mountain Moving Old Monster and supporting Wu Qiao.


 Mountain Moving Old Monster was an external supreme elder, for the sake of his own future in Wu clan, he would definitely do his best to support those outsider Gu Immortal seeds in their ascension.


 And Wu Qiao was an astute person.


 He saw Wu clan’s situation and Wu Yong’s plan.


 To get back onto Wu clan’s political stage, even if he did not approve of Wu Yong’s move, he had to grab this opportunity, becoming Wu Yong’s dog and standing against those opposing supreme elders.


 Like this, Wu clan’s internal disorder was quickly resolved by Wu Yong.


 "There will be five or six among these seeds who will succeed in immortal ascension. I hope one of my Wu clansmen becomes a qi path Gu Immortal. Hu Land can be used then."


 "In the future, if I am lucky enough to refine eight-faced prestige wind, my strength will rise by another level. Adding on Hu Land, my Wu clan will be among the top super forces in all five regions."


 Wu Yong’s mood turned much better when he thought of Hu Land.


 He thought very highly of Hu Land.


 If not for him cultivating wind path primarily and having accumulated a lot of wind path dao marks, he might have converted to qi path for Hu Land.


 Wu Ji did not choose qi path and persisted on strength path, which had actually disappointed Wu Yong.


 Hu Land’s value was extremely high, this could be seen from Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 As long as a set of killer moves involving this kind of secluded domain of heaven and earth was created, the Gu Immortal would have near pseudo venerable battle strength.


 Hu Land could be taken as a quasi-rank nine Immortal Gu, while it would be extremely difficult for Wu clan to obtain a rank nine Immortal Gu. Even refining a rank eight Immortal Gu was a huge trial to Wu clan.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Be it Mini Blue Heaven’s Star Collection City, Mini Western Desert’s Inkman City, Mini Northern Plains’ Triple Sacred Mountain, or other areas, Gu Immortals were cheering in excitement.


 Just the previous moment, Fang Yuan had issued the latest contribution board, mission board, and exchange list.


 The contribution board and mission board were issued long before, but it was the first appearance of the exchange list!


 It was this exchange list that made all the Gu Immortals in the sovereign immortal aperture excited.


 The exchange list contained a large number of rank six and rank seven Immortal Gu, a dazzling lineup of immortal moves, Immortal Gu recipes, and countless immortal materials.


 The Gu Immortals in the sovereign immortal aperture only needed to spend their accumulated contribution points to exchange for any cultivation resource on the exchange list.


 "I have never seen such a rich list of immortal materials and such enormous immortal material reserves!" Even Lang Ya land spirit, who was extremely knowledgeable, was dumbstruck when he saw the exchange list.


 "There are rank six to rank nine immortal killer moves, including common killer moves, battlefield killer moves, the present age Gu formations and Gu Houses, and even ancient battle formations. Eh? What is this totem killer move? I have never heard of it before." Many Gu Immortals exclaimed in shock.


 The Gu Immortals who came from the variant human alliance cared much more about the Immortal Gu in the exchange list.


 "Even these Immortal Gu can be exchanged?"


 "Am I dreaming?"


 "How difficult is it to refine Immortal Gu, but here, we only need to accumulate a certain amount of contribution points to exchange for an Immortal Gu?"


 All of the Gu Immortals were moved.


 They suddenly realized that becoming subordinates of Fang Yuan was a really fortunate thing!


 "Our future is so bright after following master!"


 "This is too good, looks like Lord Fang Yuan wants to nurture us."


 "I have never seen a force have such wealth. Master’s foundation is truly inestimable."


 The Gu Immortals’ eyes shined with excitement, their faces reddened, and some even cried in joy.


 Some quick ones immediately looked at the mission board.


 Previously, the tasks they completed were mandatory and they did not have much enthusiasm. But it was completely different now!


 "Eh? The first task is so strange! Request for Lord Fang Yuan to protect us from tribulations, and we also get such rich contribution points in return?"



***
Chapter 2133 Shi Zongs Tribulation


***





 



 Fang Yuan was secretly observing his subordinates’ reactions.


 He had issued the exchange list after careful consideration.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had thought the sovereign immortal aperture’s chaotic phenomena would pass with time. But they were instead becoming more severe.


 Sometimes, some strange situations occurred, which were so serious that Fang Yuan’s main body had to deal with them.


 If he could increase the strength of the sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals by a level or two, the chaotic state of the sovereign immortal aperture would be dealt with much more properly.


 Fang Yuan had no way to completely resolve the issues in the sovereign immortal aperture, so he could only alleviate them.


 Naturally, regardless of how he strengthened them, these subordinates would not have the ability to take part in the contest within Crazed Demon Cave. Fang Yuan also did not have such extravagant hopes.


 Nurturing these subordinates required a large amount of resources.


 Fang Yuan had devoured many of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens and plundered the countless years of accumulations of these grotto-heavens, he naturally did not lack the resources to nurture them.


 On the basis of cultivation resources, Fang Yuan had already surpassed most of the super forces in the world.


 Even if Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven had much more accumulation than Fang Yuan, they could not copy his action.


 Fang Yuan possessed Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, it was extremely easy for him to refine rank six and rank seven Immortal Gu. That was why he could domineeringly place all kinds of Immortal Gu on the exchange list and let his subordinates exchange for them.


 If Fang Yuan needed to use some Immortal Gu that they exchanged for in the future, he could just throw a compulsory mission at the person. Who would dare to go against Fang Yuan’s decree?


 At that time, Fang Yuan would give even more contribution points in exchange, the subordinate whose Immortal Gu was seized might even be quite happy.


 The heated reactions of his subordinates was within Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 These Gu Immortals who were stimulated by the exchange list began to crazily accept the tasks, and took the initiative to go to various areas of the sovereign immortal aperture to work like bees.


 As for the first task on the mission board, the Gu Immortals were discussing if Lord Fang Yuan had made a mistake?


 But even after a few days, the task content had not changed.


 The Gu Immortals became increasingly covetous, the contribution point reward of this task was sizable.


 Shi Zong was the person to study the new exchange list for the longest time.


 Recently, Shi Zong had been distressed over a huge issue.


 He was the first supreme elder of Northern Plains’ rockman tribe, he was rank seven and was about to face his third grand tribulation.


 Rank seven Gu Immortals faced an earthly calamity every ten years, a heavenly tribulation every fifty years, and a grand tribulation every one hundred years.


 Earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations were not big issues to Shi Zong. But a grand tribulation was huge trouble, the previous two grand tribulations had almost destroyed Shi Zong’s confidence.


 The third grand tribulation was imminent, Shi Zong was thinking of ways to delay the grand tribulation.


 But he had turned the whole exchange list inside out and was still unable to find a trace of hope.


 "The exchange list doesn’t have any methods to delay calamities and tribulations!" Shi Zong frowned.


 "Does master not have such methods? Obviously not!" Shi Zong’s gaze locked on the first task in the mission board.


 "Looks like master is encouraging us to accept this task."


 Shi Zong was enticed.


 His rockman tribe came from Northern Plains’ northern icy plain, Fang Yuan had forced them on his ship.


 But by now, Shi Zong found that this ship had already become a warship with a bright future and unimaginable fortune.


 Since ancient times, the main criteria of a leader was — making use of both benevolence and authority. 

 Fang Yuan had no lack of authority, so when the exchange list appeared, it changed many people’s hearts.


 Shi Zong did not dare to betray Fang Yuan and had seen the benefits of following Fang Yuan, he thought for a long while and decided to take the risk, accepting that task!


 He accepted the task openly and did not conceal it.


 And soon, the news regarding him accepting the first task spread throughout the sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortal world.


 "Shi Zong is a veteran rank seven Gu Immortal. If he can pass the tribulation successfully, he will become a rank eight!"


 "Let’s see what’s going on with this task."


 "Sigh, I also wanted to accept this task. I did not expect Shi Zong to seize the initiative. This is a good opportunity to express loyalty to master."


 Not long after Shi Zong accepted the task, he was summoned by Fang Yuan’s time path clone.


 The time path clone was going to manage Shi Zong’s immortal aperture and make preparations for the tribulation.


 Shi Zong opened his immortal aperture, Fang Yuan’s time path clone personally took control and stuffed earth path immortal materials inside his immortal aperture.


 Worry soil, green pond rotten soil, diamond soil, great lake soil, concealing heaven dust, grand soil, region sand, impermanence rock, smoky warm jade, thousand year frost jade essence, dark inkstone, marrow sucking stone, regret water rock, round kun stone, hibiscus stalactite, stone heart liquid, eight-parts jade, and so on; the large number of earth path immortal material made Shi Zong speechless.


 After coming to his senses, Shi Zong’s heart jumped in fright.


 "Gu Immortal calamities and tribulations are the result of Heavenly Dao seeking balance. Right now, my earth path foundation has increased to such an astonishing amount; my grand tribulation will become even more terrifying. Ordinary Gu Immortals want their calamities and tribulations to be as weak as possible, but master is completely the opposite, it is as if he wants the grand tribulation to become a myriad tribulation!"


 Several days later, the time to undergo tribulation was here.


 Fang Yuan’s main body arrived at an ordinary sea area of Eastern Sea and opened his immortal aperture, letting Shi Zong out.


 Shi Zong greeted Fang Yuan first before placing his aperture in the outside world.


 The blessed land’s door was opened and started absorbing a large amount of the outside world’s heaven and earth qi.


 Fang Yuan stood outside the entrance.


 He could not go in.


 He had too many dao marks; previously, when he attacked Fire Plain grotto-heaven, he was unable to go in as well, let alone this tiny rank seven blessed land.


 The grand tribulation was on time.


 First was the arrival of heaven path dao marks, then these heaven path dao marks transformed into dao marks of other paths based on the state of Shi Zong’s blessed land.


 Most of these dao marks were of earth path.


 The transformed dao marks used and expended heaven and earth qi to turn into calamities and tribulations.


 If Fang Yuan used big family qi Gu right now, he could absorb the tribulation qi and weaken the grand tribulation.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was looking forward to the grand tribulation becoming even stronger.


 Soon the grand tribulation took shape, Shi Zong’s face turned pale.


 "Yellow sky dust cloud! Heavens, it saw my immortal aperture was very prosperous and I had too many earth path resources, so this is specially targeting them."


 Yellow sky dust cloud would gain increasingly powerful suction force along with time and absorb the immortal aperture’s earth path resources.


 The more earth path resources it absorbed, the stronger it would become, its range would increase and it would become denser with much more powerful suction force.


 Among all the grand tribulations, yellow sky dust cloud was absolutely among the top few hated grand tribulations.


 Shi Zong tried several killer moves, although they were effective, the effect was very little on such a large yellow sky dust cloud.


 "I can only rely on master now!" Shi Zong’s expression was dismal.


 Right at this time, Shi Zong saw multi-colored and dazzling totems fly out of Fang Yuan’s body and enter the blessed land, before charging into the yellow sky dust cloud.


 These totems were of various types and shapes. There existed ferocious tiger and leopard, agile deer and rabbit, lush trees, as well as spinning flying rocks.


 But no matter which one, they all emitted rank eight aura!


 Shi Zong’s body and mind shook together: "Oh heavens! More than twenty killer moves, all at rank eight level. Master actually has such terrifying strength!"


 These were all totem killer moves.


 Ever since Fang Yuan obtained the cultivation method of thousands of basic totems from Zhan Bu Du, he would cultivate this move whenever he had some free time.


 Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven was the sacred land for cultivating totem killer moves, it was very difficult to cultivate totems outside of this place. Because there was no such food path environment, almost all the food recipes would lose their effect when placed in the outside world.


 Fang Yuan, however, was different.


 He had deep food path attainment, he modified these food recipes and turned them into killer moves.


 With the help of these food path killer moves and countless Gu materials, Fang Yuan was able to cultivate over twenty totems.


 These totems were all at rank eight level and were carefully selected by Fang Yuan, their power naturally would not be low. What was even more amazing was once these totem killer moves were formed, they were extremely easy and convenient to activate.


 Fang Yuan willed, activating over twenty totems at once. In other words, he activated over twenty rank eight killer moves in an instant!


 It was because he possessed the sovereign immortal body that he could fearlessly cultivate totems of so many paths. If it were other Gu Immortals, they would never be able to accomplish this.


 Shi Zong watched with a stupefied expression.


 Because at that moment, the extremely thick yellow sky dust cloud that covered the sky was shredded by these totems.


 "Too vicious, too terrifying!" Shi Zong’s thoughts fluctuated intensely.


 But although the grand tribulation was destroyed violently, it did not stop. Instead it was trying hard to condense again.


 However, the moment a trace of yellow sky dust cloud condensed, it was instantly torn into pieces by the totems.


 Heaven’s will did not give up but the totems were even fiercer.


 Inexplicably, Shi Zong suddenly felt that the grand tribulation was somewhat pitiful.


 Immortal killer move — Heaven-Human Sensation.


 Immortal killer move — Human Executing Heaven’s Work.


 Immortal killer move — Unrestrained Heavenly Mark!


 Fang Yuan made his move from outside the entrance, refining all the heaven path dao marks from the grand tribulation.


 But the unrestrained heavenly marks fell on Shi Zong’s blessed land.


 But it was not a problem.


 Fang Yuan took out an Immortal Gu House, it was the repaired Thieves Den.


 Thieves Den’s killer move — Steal Dao!


 The theft path killer move’s working principle was to use theft path immortal materials as the catalyst, the theft path dao marks in the immortal materials would be consumed instantly and the dao marks in the outside world would be stolen. The stolen dao marks must be attached to these theft path immortal materials.


 So, if the stolen dao marks were disorderly, the immortal materials would have no value, like those immortal materials found everywhere in Crazed Demon Cave.


 In short, Thieves Den had the ability to steal the outside world’s dao marks but did not have a method to use them.


 Moreover, Thieves Den was already a peak level creation and could not be modified, it had no room or potential for improvement.


 These stolen unrestrained heavenly marks formed a heaven path immortal material.


 Fang Yuan took this heaven path immortal material and activated a food path killer move — Devour Heaven and Earth!


 This killer move was Fang Yuan’s gain from his recent cultivation.


 Fang Yuan’s food path attainment level was grandmaster, he had countless food path killer moves and deep wisdom path attainment, it was not difficult for him to create a killer move to devour heaven path immortal materials.



***
Chapter 2134 Fang Yuan, Just You Wait!


***





 



 After consuming this heaven path immortal material, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture gained nine more heaven path dao marks.


 The grand tribulation that sent Shi Zong into despair, when turned into heaven path dao marks, merely amounted to nine. Moreover, this grand tribulation’s strength was much higher than normal, a normal grand tribulation would give less than nine heaven path dao marks when transformed.


 "Probably around seven." Fang Yuan estimated.


 This could not compare to the gains from annexing the two heavens’ grotto-heavens.


 Each of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens gave Fang Yuan several thousand heaven path dao marks. Fang Yuan devoured grotto-heavens one after the other, his sovereign immortal aperture’s development had already reached eighty percent.


 At present, his heaven path dao marks numbered over two hundred thousand!


 Fang Yuan wanted to become venerable through refinement path, so he prioritized annexing refinement path grotto-heavens, which increased his refinement path dao marks to over six million!


 "Currently, the sovereign immortal aperture cannot annex any more grotto-heavens. So I can only use this method to gain heaven path dao marks."


 "Although the increase each time is small, Gu Immortals undergoing tribulations is a process that will never stop. Little droplets of water make a mighty ocean, I can accumulate a substantial amount with this method."


 In the long run, this path of helping Gu Immortals undergo tribulation was quite bright.


 The two heavens’ grotto-heavens accumulated for a million or so years to have such foundations. But if Fang Yuan annexed one, there would be one less.


 There was, however, an unending stream of Gu Immortals.


 Shi Zong’s tribulation succeeded and he advanced to rank eight.


 When he returned to the sovereign immortal aperture, he immediately received the congratulations of many people and was asked about the exact details.


 Shi Zong was already prepared, he had used Gu worms to record the complete video of his tribulation.


 When this video was spread, it brought a strong impact to the sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortal world.


 "Master is so strong!"


 "He used over twenty rank eight killer moves in an instant, is he still human?"


 "These are totem killer moves? They look quite convenient!"


 From the start, the Gu Immortals were attracted by the totem killer moves. When Thieves Den appeared, they exclaimed in shock again.


 When the video reached the end and the yellow sky dust cloud was completely destroyed by Fang Yuan, the Gu Immortals sighed, deeply moved.


 "Master’s methods are unimaginable, he can really destroy calamities and tribulations beforehand."


 "In history, these calamities and tribulations will calm down only after they have vented everything. But Lord Fang Yuan has unfathomable powers, he can get rid of calamities and tribulations ahead of time."


 "It can be inferred that this task is a huge fortune. Not only can we increase our cultivation level, we can also get a sizable amount of contribution points." 

 "Didn’t you hear what Shi Zong said? Although he passed the tribulation and became a rank eight Gu Immortal, he did not gain any new dao marks."


 "Ah? There was such a thing. No wonder this task compensated us with contribution points."


 Shi Zong did not hide this, he was somewhat hesitant at first, but after the tribulation, Fang Yuan personally ordered him to publicize the truth.


 No gain in dao marks, this news was like a bucket of cold water that poured on these excited Gu Immortals.


 The Gu Immortals began to calm down.


 This result needed to be properly considered.


 No gain of dao marks was a huge loss to Gu Immortals. After all, undergoing tribulation was the main way of gaining dao marks.


 Over the next few days, there was no movement. But when Shi Zong used these contribution points to exchange for two rank seven earth path Immortal Gu and three earth path killer moves, another person accepted the task of undergoing tribulation.


 After that, more and more Gu Immortals began to imitate this, and it soon formed a wave in the sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortal world.


 These Gu Immortals were shrewd, they had calculated the gains and losses.


 Although they would lose a batch of dao marks, the value of the gained contribution points was far higher than the losses.


 The Gu Immortal’s battle strength and immortal aperture’s environment would indeed weaken from the loss of these dao marks, but dao marks was only one of the factors.


 There were many factors which determined a Gu Immortal’s battle strength. For instance, Immortal Gu was a main factor, immortal killer moves as well were much more important than some thousands of dao marks.


 The immortal aperture’s environment would be influenced, but the Gu Immortals could exchange for all kinds of immortal materials to create even more resource points to fill this gap.


 What made the Gu Immortals choose this path was that there was a special entry in the exchange list that allowed the Gu Immortals to supply the immortal materials and expend some contribution points, to ask for Fang Yuan’s clone to use food path killer moves to increase their corresponding dao marks!


 These various reasons created an unending supply of Gu Immortals who underwent tribulation.


 Fang Yuan’s heaven path dao marks continued to increase.


 Southern Border.


 Ke Xin Hong was flying through the clouds.


 He was communicating with his friend.


 "You don’t know that all the Gu Immortals are accepting the assisted tribulation task. Some Gu Immortals whose tribulations are still far away will choose an option in the exchange list, it requests master’s time path clone to accelerate their immortal aperture’s time flow! They are using every means possible to accept this task."


 Ke Xin Hong read up to here before replying with the information path Immortal Gu: "It is because the contribution points for this task are sizable, moreover, whoever obtains the contribution points first will be able to move a step ahead and do more missions, entering a beneficial feedback loop. Look at that Shi Zong, he has been thriving recently. His strength has surged, he can do and take on more difficult tasks, obtaining even more contribution points much faster."


 "Unfortunately, I received a mandatory task now and have to go on a diplomatic mission to Wu clan. Otherwise, I would have been the first to accept this task."


 His friend replied soon: "You need to be careful, you are going to Wu clan’s headquarters to demand Hu Land. That is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, and Wu Yong is the Southern Alliance’s Leader!"


 Ke Xin Hong, however, was confident: "I am quite hopeful for this trip. Even if it fails, Wu Yong won’t do anything to me. You have not personally realized and witnessed master’s power and influence. Alright, I have arrived, I will contact you later."


 Ke Xin Hong slowly flew down.


 Below him was Wu Yi Mountain.


 Wu clan’s headquarters was located here.


 Seeing Ke Xin Hong, two Gu Immortals immediately flew up from Wu Yi Mountain, at the front was Wu clan’s second supreme elder Wu Ba Chong.


 Ke Xin Hong had already notified them before coming here.


 Wu clan’s earnestness could be seen, they had sent Wu Ba Chong to welcome him.


 "Envoy, please come in." Wu Ba Chong led Ke Xin Hong to Wu clan’s headquarters.


 "You came from afar and must be tired, how about resting for a while." Wu Ba Chong was polite.


 Ke Xin Hong shook his hand: "Let’s get down to business first."


 "Alright. Please wait a while, our first supreme elder is handling some clan affairs."


 Ke Xin Hong nodded and waited patiently.


 He could understand that the leader of the great Wu clan could not be available so casually. Whether he was really busy or not, they had to put up this show.


 After five minutes, Wu Ba Chong came again and led Ke Xin Hong towards the guest hall.


 Ke Xin Hong saw Wu Yong there.


 Ke Xin Hong did not speak nonsense and said directly: "Lord Wu Yong, I come with master’s sincerity to have another transaction with your noble clan."


 Wu Yong and Wu Ba Chong looked at each other, they had profited a lot in the previous transaction. Wu Yong asked with a smile: "I wonder what transaction it is?"


 Ke Xin Hong smiled: "Master is willing to pay a price to buy the Hu Land in your possession."


 Instantly, Wu Yong’s pupils shrank and killing intent surged in his heart!


 "What?!" Wu Ba Chong could not sit still, he stood, "What Hu Land? How could my Wu clan have this secluded domain of heaven and earth? Fang Yuan is definitely mistaken."


 Ke Xin Hong smiled and did not refute.


 Wu Yong’s expression was dark as he interrupted Wu Ba Chong: "Alright, Ba Chong."


 Wu Ba Chong immediately stopped denying it, but there was indignance and anger on his face. Veins popped up on his clenched fists as he stared rigidly at Ke Xin Hong.


 If gazes could kill, at this moment, Wu Ba Chong would have already killed Ke Xin Hong a hundred times with his gaze.


 Ke Xin Hong only looked at Wu Yong, turning a deaf ear to Wu Ba Chong.


 He bowed: "Lord Wu Yong, what is your reply?"


 Wu Yong suddenly showed a smile: "Since Fang Yuan wants to trade, of course we can. I believe he will definitely pay a satisfying price."


 Ke Xin Hong could not help but feel a chill when he saw Wu Yong’s attitude.


 Wu Yong was really terrifying, in such a short period of time, he accepted this fact and made the most sensible choice!


 Ke Xin Hong took a deep breath and said the price: "Master is aware that Lord Wu Yong desires rank eight Immortal Gu, Eight-faced Prestige Wind. Master is willing to personally refine this rank eight Immortal Gu."


 "What?" Wu Ba Chong’s expression changed again as he bellowed furiously: "Hu Land can be seen as a quasi-rank nine Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan is not taking out even one rank eight Immortal Gu and wants to exchange with such conditions. You are too insincere!"


 Wu Yong said through clenched teeth: "This is indeed somewhat too overboard."


 Ke Xin Hong smiled: "Wu clan excels in wind path, your only qi path foundation is in Sheng Tian true inheritance. Although Hu Land is a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it doesn’t have much value for Wu clan."


 Wu Ba Chong immediately refuted: "You can’t say that, any path’s attainment can be developed. Although my Wu clan excels in wind path, could it be that we cannot excel in qi path in the future? With Hu Land, I would rather change to qi path and replace my vital Gu! With such huge prospects, which super force would be willing to give it up?"


 Ke Xin Hong glanced at Wu Ba Chong: "Second supreme elder, you are spot on, quite insightful. It is indeed correct, with Hu Land, the prospect of qi path is highly favorable. But..."


 As he said this, Ke Xin Hong intentionally paused before saying deeply: "The prerequisite is... you need to possess Hu Land."


 "You!!!" Wu Ba Chong’s killing intent erupted and he looked ready to attack.


 Ke Xin Hong’s hidden meaning was that Wu clan could not keep Hu Land. Since they could not keep Hu Land, it was useless to mention any qi path prospects.


 Ke Xin Hong looked towards Wu Yong and bowed again, saying respectfully: "Lord Wu Yong, I will be frank. If your noble clan is not satisfied with this price, we are willing to refine three rank eight Immortal Gu for your clan."


 He then continued with a bitter smile: "This is my side’s bottom line and there won’t be any concession. Lord Wu Yong, please understand. I am only a messenger, I cannot make decisions."


 Wu Yong was silent for a while before smiling: "You are an excellent messenger. I agree to your conditions. Wu Ba Chong, bring Ke Xin Hong to take Hu Land and send the rank seven fan wind Gu as well."


 "First supreme elder!" Wu Ba Chong was indignant.


 "Go." Wu Yong was solemn.


 "Sigh!" Wu Ba Chong heaved a deep sigh as he looked at Ke Xin Hong with hatred.


 "Follow me!" Wu Ba Chong quickly moved past Ke Xin Hong and walked out of the hall.


 Wu Yong sat on his seat without moving.


 The guest hall had bright lighting, but Wu Yong’s face was dark and heavy.


 Losing Hu Land had a huge impact on him!


 "How did Fang Yuan know about Hu Land? Did he capture Kong Ri Tian?"


 Wu Yong had a lot of doubts but he did not want to investigate it. Since the matter had already reached this stage, there was no meaning in talking about this.


 After a long while, Wu Ba Chong returned to report: "Ke Xin Hong has left. Lord, should we send some people in disguise and ambush him?"


 Wu Yong shook his head: "With Fang Yuan’s wisdom, how could he not have expected such a loophole? Don’t do unnecessary things."


 Wu Ba Chong said through clenched teeth: "Damn it. Our grand Wu clan cannot protect Hu Land!"


 Wu Yong said with a heavy voice: "We need to remember this. In here, in Wu clan’s headquarters, we were forced to sell the secluded domain of heaven and earth! This is my disgrace, and also Wu clan’s disgrace. In the future, if there is a chance, I will clear this humiliation and pay it back a thousand fold. Fang Yuan, just you wait!"



***
Chapter 2135 Liver Life Formation


***





 



 Fang Yuan was holding heaven’s envy Immortal Gu in his hand.


 Under the continuous supply of rank eight white litchi immortal essence, heaven’s envy Immortal Gu let out a light, crystal-like radiance.


 This Immortal Gu seemed like a flea made of crystal, it was as large as a fist and was curled up like a ball.


 Suddenly, the crystal radiance from heaven’s envy Immortal Gu burst, turning into countless broken crystal lights that shone dazzlingly!


 "Success!" Fang Yuan was shocked, at that moment just now, he had actually refined this rank seven heaven’s envy Immortal Gu.


 The curled-up crystal flea stretched its body and meekly lay on Fang Yuan’s palm.


 "I am probably the first person in history to completely refine heaven’s envy Immortal Gu."


 At this moment, Fang Yuan had created history!


 But, within an instant, his excited emotions calmed down.


 He already had many unprecedented achievements.


 "In this recent period of time, I have repeatedly helped my subordinates undergo tribulations. Although the heaven path dao marks gained each time are small in quantity, the numbers accumulate eventually."


 "Adding these heaven path dao marks, I am finally able to refine heaven’s envy Immortal Gu completely, breaking the previous limit."


 "My guess was right!"


 The fact was proved in front of him: As long as the unrestrained heavenly marks reached a certain number, heaven path Immortal Gu could be refined.


 In the long river of history, there were countless Gu cultivators with geniuses as numerous as stars in the sky, and the ten venerables like ten large suns. But none of them truly cultivated heaven path.


 Limitless Demon Venerable and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable might have grasp of the killer move unrestrained heavenly mark, but from what Fang Yuan knew, they had not delved deeply into heaven path.


 The former cultivated rule path and the latter cultivated earth path. Maybe Limitless Demon Venerable researched unrestrained heavenly mark to cultivate heaven path, but he had already become a rule path Demon Venerable at that time and could not turn back anymore.


 From this, the advantage of the sovereign immortal aperture could be seen again.


 Cultivate every path!


 A brand-new unknown path emerged before Fang Yuan.


 Heaven path!


 Unrestrained heavenly mark was the key to starting heaven path cultivation.


 This path had huge prospects and terrifying advantages, even mortals could understand a thing or two!


 "Heaven path comprises everything and balances everything, all living beings, be they immortals or mortals, powerful or weak, are included in heaven path. All kinds of Immortal Gu, secluded domains of heaven and earth, are also under the restrictions of heaven path. Heaven path controls calamities and tribulations, it controls lifespan Gu. Venerables were powerful for an era, but when compared to heaven path, they are like a burning torch."


 "If I walk this path...."


 Fang Yuan could not help but daydream.


 Apart from anything else, just lifespan Gu and fate Gu, these two factors made him feel a trace of excitement.


 Every venerable in history was troubled by lifespan Gu, and fate Gu had never been directly controlled by Heavenly Court. Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not have any solution, she could only become one with the Dao to interfere with heaven’s will and distort the power of fate Gu.


 "Among all the paths, the starting threshold of heaven path is the highest. One must grasp the killer move unrestrained heavenly mark first."


 "I have only stepped on the road of heaven path, I still need to walk a long distance before I can touch the deeper profundities like lifespan Gu and fate Gu!"


 "The battle of Crazed Demon Cave is imminent, I won’t be able to accomplish this before the battle."


 Although he had officially stepped on the cultivation path of heaven path and its prospects were bright and huge, Fang Yuan did not intend to fully delve into it.


 The situation did not allow him to do so.


 "At most, I can invest once more in heaven’s envy Immortal Gu."


 Cooking Luck Pot brought enormous convenience to Fang Yuan, letting him know that heaven’s envy Immortal Gu might be the key in the battle of Crazed Demon Cave.


 Heaven path’s cultivation road was going to be long, and Fang Yuan had just taken the initial step. But heaven’s envy Immortal Gu could be developed further.


 "I have completely refined heaven’s envy Immortal Gu, but it is only at rank seven. If I create its corresponding killer moves, it might be quite impressive at rank eight level. However, in my battle with venerables, rank seven will not be enough."


 "I need to raise heaven’s envy Immortal Gu to rank eight!"


 Fang Yuan possessed Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, but this was slightly troublesome.


 Fang Yuan had a batch of heaven path immortal materials. It might not be enough if he were to try to refine many heaven path Immortal Gu, but it was enough to use on just heaven’s envy Immortal Gu.


 However, Fang Yuan’s heaven path attainment was ordinary, he was not even at master level. Although his refinement path was as high as quasi-supreme, it would be quite difficult to research heaven’s envy Immortal Gu’s rank eight recipe.


 It was not that there was no chance of success, but it would take too much time and energy.


 In his initial estimation, it was going to require two to three years of deductions at the very least.


 This was undoubtedly not feasible for Fang Yuan.


 "Looks like I need to copy Wu Yong and raise some Gu Immortal seeds, before helping them undergo the ascension tribulation." Fang Yuan quickly found a way.


 Fang Yuan did not care about the minimal gains in heaven path dao marks from immortal ascension of rank five Gu Masters. But when Gu Masters undergo immortal ascension, they would have a one-time opportunity to experience natural inspiration.


 With this opportunity, the Gu Master questioned heaven and earth, and almost all their questions would be answered.


 Since heaven and earth could produce heaven’s envy Immortal Gu naturally, it definitely had heaven’s envy Immortal Gu’s recipe.


 Fang Yuan did not demand much, he only needed a correct version of the Immortal Gu recipe of heaven’s envy Gu, he could rely on his refinement path attainment to modify it to suit himself.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan could also ask for some insights when asking heaven and earth.


 For instance: "On the basis of certain kinds of heaven path immortal materials and the current situation, which heaven’s envy Immortal Gu recipe is the easiest to refine?"


 As he thought of this, he put a new task on the mission board and listed it at number one.


 "Search for loyal and devoted Gu Immortal seeds who are suitable to undergo immortal ascension!"


 Almost at the next instant, all the Gu Immortals in the sovereign immortal aperture knew of this task.


 Ever since the establishment of the exchange list, these Gu Immortals had gone crazy!


 Many of them had not even slept for months, using Gu worms to forcibly maintain their conditions, to complete tasks and earn contribution points.


 Fang Yuan offered them the most suitable environment, reducing the difficulty of these Gu Immortals’ cultivation to the minimum. Almost every day, they could feel their strength increasing.


 Even if this increase was only a little, a little progress every day would accumulate to a terrifying amount after several days.


 It was this euphoric feeling of experiencing the increase in their cultivation and strength that made these Gu Immortals unable to stop.


 What gave Fang Yuan a pleasant surprise was that one of the human Gu Immortals developed an incomplete transformation path Immortal Gu recipe because of this — hard liver Gu.


 This human Gu Immortal primarily cultivated transformation path, he was Solid Rock Warrior, who came from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 Hard liver Gu strengthened the Gu Immortal’s liver, giving them lasting and vigorous energy which then allowed them to complete all kinds of laborious tasks without needing to rest. But if it was used excessively, the liver would harden to the limit and trigger a terrifying explosion, inflicting heavy injuries and even death.


 After Fang Yuan got familiar with the Gu, he modified and completed it, and even created rank six to rank eight Gu recipes.


 After using Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool to refine it, rank eight hard liver Immortal Gu was used as the core of a Gu formation.


 Fang Yuan named this Gu formation as liver life formation[1], it operated all year round and collected a fee for every use. If the Gu Immortals were interested, they could hand over some contribution points to enter, after they come out, they will be full of energy and motivation!


 "Did you liver today?"


 "How much longer can you liver for?"


 "I feel like my liver is about to explode."


 Such conversations had already become a common daily topic between the Gu Immortals.


 So, when Fang Yuan put up this task, the Gu Immortals were like red-eyed sharks that had smelled blood.


 "Great task!"


 "It was published by master himself."


 "The reward is extremely abundant!"


 "I cannot, I have not slept in three months. I want to rest a little."


 "What rest! Go and liver! The great era is in front of us, we must grasp this excellent cultivation opportunity!"


 The Gu Immortals moved out towards all kinds of places to gather Gu Immortal seeds.


 In just a short while, this task was completely taken.


 The Gu Immortals who could not take it were extremely vexed.


 Some shouted regretfully: "Oh, this task was quite excellent, but I missed it!"


 Every task on the mission board had a limited quota to prevent Gu Immortals from taking just the tasks with the highest rewards, which would result in unreasonable and wasteful distribution of manpower.


 Fang Yuan handed the task of gathering Gu Immortal seeds to his subordinates.


 He estimated there would be quite a lot of Gu Immortal seeds, it was going to surpass super forces like Wu clan.


 It was because Fang Yuan had annexed many forces like Lang Ya Sect and the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, which had extremely deep foundations and long history. They definitely did not lack Gu Immortal seeds.


 Using the little spare time he had, Fang Yuan personally went to strengthen Ni clan.


 He quietly set up a year essence sub-pool in Ni clan’s territory, forming a time path zone.


 Ni clan’s time would pass much faster, which would increase the rate of Immortal Gu production, it would become much more convenient for Fang Yuan to comprehend Gu refinement profundities of human isolation style.


 "The sovereign immortal aperture has a huge number of variant humans, but not many humans."


 "Most of the humans are from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, but it can be foreseen that in the future, Mini Yellow Heaven’s Ni clan will probably become the top human force."


 Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 He had just finished setting up the time path zone when Ke Xin Hong’s message arrived.


 The latter’s diplomatic mission to Wu clan was successful and had obtained Hu Land.


 Immortal killer move — Heaven and Earth Travel!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan moved from Eastern Sea to Southern Border, appearing in front of Ke Xin Hong.


 After putting Ke Xing Hong in the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan returned to Eastern Sea.


 He secretly arrived in a nameless sea area and toyed around with Hu Land as he waited for Qi Sea Ancestor.


 "For you." Fang Yuan handed Hu Land to Qi Sea Ancestor.


 The Qi Sea clone quickly received it and said excitedly: "Good, good, I have a premonition! With Hu Land, my combat system will be completed!"


 "I will wait in anticipation." Fang Yuan’s main body left shortly after.


 He was also pondering about his combat system and had made much progress, but was still far away from completing it.


 [1] In Chinese medicine, the liver gets damaged/heaty if one does not sleep properly at night. In this case, ’livering/ liver torture’ is a common Chinese Internet term for staying up all night to game etc.



***
Chapter 2136 Fang Yuans Secluded Domains of Heaven and Earth


***





 



 Immortal killer move — Landscape as Before!


 Fang Yuan activated the killer move.


 The previous landscape as before Immortal Gu was only at rank six. But two months ago, Fang Yuan had successfully raised it to rank eight.


 Rank eight was the limit of landscape as before Immortal Gu.


 The limit of most Immortal Gu was at rank eight. After advancing to rank eight, they would have arrived at their peak and could not be advanced anymore.


 Gu were the essence of heaven and earth, fragments of the Great Dao. These fragments had their respective limits, those with higher limits could accumulate slowly and reach rank nine, while those with lower limits might even be forced to stay at rank six.


 There were many Immortal Gu, although they were unique, they covered almost all aspects imaginable. For instance, Fang Yuan used the killer move lingering poisonous ant plague, which gave birth to two Immortal Gu — red copper immortal ant Gu and white noodle immortal ant Gu. If there was a slight change, there might be another kind of Immortal Gu. For instance, dark-gold immortal ant, black noodle immortal ant, and so on.


 Among all the Immortal Gu, only a small portion could truly advance to rank nine.


 Rank eight landscape as before Immortal Gu was still a time path Immortal Gu. But the killer move Fang Yuan was using right now was a compound killer move.


 It contained profundities of not only time path, but also earth path, water path, rule path, soul path, and other paths.


 Under the effect of this compound killer move, Reverse Flow River let out soft gushing sounds as it started expanding at a rapid pace.


 After Fang Yuan’s nurturing over this period of time, the compound killer move that was used dozens of times showed great effects, Reverse Flow River, which previously only had a little trace left of it, had become a long narrow river!


 Fang Yuan had all along been trying to restore Reverse Flow River, and he finally got a good result now.


 He had previously thought of using orderly well.


 This killer move was a rank nine killer move and came from Shadow Sect’s true inheritance. This move used City Well as the core, it could modify secluded domains of heaven and earth, removing the conflict between dao marks, which made it convenient to restore them.


 Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and Miniscule Mountain had experienced this move.


 But Fang Yuan had never been able to grasp this killer move.


 Because he lacked its crucial core Immortal Gu, Immortal Gu was unique, that core Immortal Gu was already in someone else’s possession. Fang Yuan had thought of modifying this killer move but it was extremely difficult.


 This was a rank nine rule path killer move, it had already reached a peak level where it had no room for improvement.


 At least, Fang Yuan was unable to see any.


 His rule path attainment level was at great grandmaster, and not quasi-supreme. He was still some distance away from seeing through this kind of rank nine killer move.


 "Reverse Flow River is recovering faster right now, but at the later stage of its recovery, Landscape as Before’s compound killer move will experience a fall in effectiveness continually, until it becomes negligible."


 Landscape as Before’s compound killer move was at rank eight level, while the complete Reverse Flow River was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, which was equivalent to rank nine in terms of quantity of dao marks. Because of the huge amount of dao marks, they could sometimes be used as quasi-rank nine Immortal Gu.


 Naturally, this depended on the Gu cultivator’s ability.


 Conceptualizing killer moves with the secluded domain of heaven and earth as the core was only the start, the crucial point was how exceptional the created killer moves were, and if they could fully use the secluded domain of heaven and earth or not.


 For instance, Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal made use of Reverse Flow River only at the intermediate level.


 His Luo Po seal was only at the elementary level of secluded domain usage.


 Orderly well killer move was different, it made use of City Well to the highest degree, and was at the advanced level.


 There was no killer move that completely used secluded domains of heaven and earth.


 Secluded domains of heaven and earth were not Immortal Gu, after all.


 Immortal Gu was alive and could be used fully as long as immortal essence was transferred into them. But secluded domains of heaven and earth were non-living, their usage was limited.


 An Immortal Gu was a connected body of fragments of dao marks. A secluded domain of heaven and earth was an amalgamation of countless dao marks, these dao marks were piled together, some were straight or bent, some were continuous threads, some were entirely different, and some were intertwined. There was no way to make use of all the dao marks.


 Even venerables were not an exception.


 This could be seen from the killer move orderly well.


 "I have gathered quite a lot of secluded domains of heaven and earth. Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, Reverse Flow River, City Well, Hu Land, as well as the incomplete Refinement Sea, Human Sea, and Qian Kun Crystal Wall."


 Dang Hun Mountain was the first secluded domain obtained by Fang Yuan, he even entered Northern Plains to find a way to repair it.


 Luo Po seal, which used Luo Po Valley as the core, had once helped Fang Yuan kill Gu Immortal experts.


 There was no need to talk about Reverse Flow River, in that event of Old Ancestor Xue Hu refining fortune rivalling heaven Gu, Fang Yuan had relied on reverse flow protection seal to shock the world while being hunted by Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court.


 City Well was obtained from the turbulent flow sea area, Fang Yuan had used it as a trap to kill many Eastern Sea Gu Immortals.


 Hu Land was the easiest to obtain, he bought it forcefully from Wu Yong. Naturally, it was possible because of Fang Yuan’s strength and reputation. These things had been accumulated since his rebirth, while being on the verge of life and death, and going through countless large battles.


 The incomplete Refinement Sea came from Lang Ya blessed land, it showed Long Hair Ancestor’s ambition. Unfortunately, although Fang Yuan obtained it, he did not have enough spare effort, time, and resources to complete it. Currently, the incomplete Refinement Sea was being intensely consumed by Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 The incomplete Human Sea came from Eastern Sea’s Xia clan. Wu Shuai led the variant human alliance to invade Xia clan’s territory, killing or driving Xia clansmen away, and looting this incomplete Human Sea.


 The last was Qian Kun Crystal Wall. Put simply, it was a bunch of grey-white stone slabs.


 The surface of the grey-white stone slabs were filled with black ink lines. Some were straight while others were curled, there were thin and thick lines. The lines were drawn over one another, some looked like letters while others looked like drawings of scenery.


 Legends said that if one gathered all of the stone slabs, they could piece back Qian Kun Crystal Wall and the Gu cultivator would be able to enter Book Mountain again.


 If one looked at the history of humanity, they would find that generations of Gu Masters, Gu Immortals, or even Immortal and Demon Venerables collected these stone slabs before.


 Fang Yuan had obtained countless grey-white stone slabs from Great Wisdom Immortal Mother. According to what Great Wisdom Immortal Mother said, these stone slabs could form half the Qian Kun Crystal Wall!


 Fang Yuan had obtained a batch of grey-white stone slabs from other sources like Lang Ya Sect, and the storage of the two heavens’ grotto-heavens. Naturally, the number of these stone slabs could not compare to what Great Wisdom Immortal Mother had, and there were also fake goods among them.


 Great Wisdom Immortal Mother’s grey-white stone slabs were from the inkman race’s true inheritance.


 There were many fake goods among the stone slabs circulated in the market. But the grey-white stone slabs in the inkman race’s true inheritance were all genuine.


 "According to the records in >, Primordial Domain was originally inside Qian Kun Crystal Wall. Unfortunately, Limitless Demon Venerable took it away and put it in Crazed Demon Cave. Even if I construct Qian Kun Crystal Wall now, I won’t be able to enter Primordial Domain."


 Fang Yuan tried all ways to increase his battle strength, these secluded domains of heaven and earth were naturally going to be made use of.


 Reverse Flow River was being restored, killer moves using Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley as the core were also being developed. Hu Land was given to the Qi Sea clone, Fang Yuan did not have time to put his effort into this.


 Among all the secluded domains of heaven and earth, Fang Yuan paid the most attention to the incomplete Human Sea.


 Back then, he chose to invade Eastern Sea’s Xia clan mainly because of this artificial secluded domain of heaven and earth.


 "All the venerables have human path killer moves, so I need to have some foundation in human path. Even if I don’t become dominant in this path, I need to have means to defend against it."


 Fang Yuan had suffered during the fate war.


 The venerable methods were mostly human path methods, every move was terrifyingly powerful or had amazing effects, influencing the whole war.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had ordered his subordinates to kill a hundred million humans in Fire Plain grotto-heaven to use in the incomplete Human Sea.


 But this was not enough.


 The previous resources were all spent, Human Sea was still some distance from completion.


 "The variant human alliance also has many human grotto-heavens with large numbers of humans. But it is not convenient to target these humans."


 "Firstly, it will cause dissension in these human grotto-heavens’ Gu Immortals. Secondly, these humans will be moved to the sovereign immortal aperture in the future, and are foundations for me to develop human path. Lastly, there are so many humans in the world, why do I need to sacrifice my own people?"


 Fang Yuan then issued a task — slaughter humans and gather resources.


 Compared to the previous tribulation task, this task was obviously cruel and reeked of blood.


 "Master is a demonic path member after all." Many human Gu Immortals lamented.


 "But, I quite enjoy slaughtering the outside world’s humans!" This task resonated with variant human Gu Immortals.


 "Forget it, as long as it is not our grotto-heavens suffering, what does it have to do with us if other humans die?" Those owners of human grotto-heavens were glad about their allegiance.


 Soon, over ten Gu Immortals quietly moved out from the territory of Eastern Sea’s Xia clan.


 There were many fishing villages in Eastern Sea’s islands.


 Birds chirped and dogs barked, smoke spiraled upwards.


 "Kill." A miniman Gu Immortal flew towards these fishing villages and ruthlessly activated Immortal Gu.


 Leaves fell down like a rainstorm, killing countless men and women, old and young, blood splashing everywhere.


 "Back then, us minimen were captured by you humans. My mother was strangled to death in front of me by human Gu Immortals. I am only taking back some interest!" The miniman Gu Immortal’s face was filled with hatred.


 On a certain island in Eastern Sea, there was an enormous city.


 Two variant human Gu Immortals united to bring forth a tens of feet high tsunami.


 At the juncture of life and death, an Eastern Sea lone immortal walked out and blocked the tsunami.


 "Stop, I am Gu Ming Xu. This is my homeland, I wonder what the issue is? Why are you implicating these innocent people?" This Gu Immortal shouted furiously.


 The two variant human Gu Immortals came down from above the clouds and revealed their appearance.


 "So it was Warm Sun Immortal Lord."


 "Immortal Lord, you are wrong. Back then, this place had been the homeland of us hairy men. But you humans occupied it forcefully, my hairy man tribe fortunately had the protection of our supreme elder, so we were able to survive in the two heavens."


 Gu Ming Xu could not restrain his anger when he saw the two variant human Gu Immortals: "So you are variant humans. You are really audacious, this place is near Eastern Sea’s Tang clan. I have already requested reinforcements. Get lost, if you don’t escape now, it will be too late!"


 The two variant human Gu Immortals laughed loudly as they said: "Immortal Lord, why do you pretend to not know from where we came? Our master is Lord Gu Yue Fang Yuan! Let alone Tang clan, even if the whole of Eastern Sea’s righteous path arrive together, they will be like chickens and dogs in front of our master."


 "Gu Ming Xu, stop trying to put up a front."


 "We are here to kill your fellow humans, to let you taste the pain and suffering we felt back then."


 Gu Ming Xu lamented inwardly: "How can there be a demon like Fang Yuan, he actually sent variant humans to attack his own race! He is a traitor to humans, he has no bottom line and no sense of propriety. Damn it! Damn it!!"



***
Chapter 2137 Fang Yuan Deserves Death!


***





 



 Qi sea.


 Because Qi Sea Ancestor lived here, the qi sea sea area had become the Righteous Qi Alliance’s headquarters.


 At this moment, a banquet was being held inside the qi sea formation.


 Qi Sea Ancestor sat on the main seat while the representatives of Eastern Sea righteous path forces sat to his left and right.


 Sitting to the left of Qi Sea Ancestor was a food path Gu Immortal.


 He was an old man with a brandy nose, he raised his wine cup high and toasted Qi Sea Ancestor: "Lord Ancestor, I offer this toast of spring sea blossom wine to you!"


 Qi Sea Ancestor nodded, his seat was high above the others which gave him a naturally overlooking vision.


 Qi Sea Ancestor took a sip before commenting lightly: "Zui Xian Weng, your spring wind petals wine is quite good, it has a vague poetic flavor of youth."


 This food path Gu Immortal was Zui Xian Weng.


 After he inherited Green Ant Ascetic and Wine Fairy’s true inheritance in Central Continent, he was then silently persuaded by Qin Ding Ling to be a chess piece.


 According to Qin Ding Ling’s arrangements, Zui Xian Weng returned to Eastern Sea and rested for a period of time before taking the initiative to side with the Righteous Qi Alliance.


 Everyone in the Righteous Qi Alliance welcomed him warmly.


 Because Zui Xian Weng was among the outstanding lone cultivators of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world.


 Zui Xian Weng possessed wine sea, he held a wine reception every year where he invited heroes and warriors of Eastern Sea. His connections were extremely wide, and he himself had good relations with all the large Eastern Sea righteous path forces.


 There was a huge political significance for a representative character like him to join the Righteous Qi Alliance, just this significance itself had a huge value.


 Because, although the Righteous Qi Alliance was established, most of its members were of Eastern Sea righteous path super clans. Besides them, there were also some two heaven’s Gu Immortals who had joined Qi Sea clone.


 Few Eastern Sea lone immortals joined the Righteous Qi Alliance.


 Demonic immortals were even rarer.


 Zui Xian Weng joining the alliance would definitely be a model example which would change some trend of Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, maybe, other lone and demonic immortals would take the initiative to join.


 Besides these, there was another reason which was somewhat connected to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s lingering poisonous ant plague killer move had caused a huge disturbance in Eastern Sea’s righteous path. They were forced to take out their hidden true inheritances to research the killer move, only then were they able to find a way to restrain it.


 During this event, the Righteous Qi Alliance had wanted to invite Zui Xian Weng. However, at that time, Zui Xian Weng had already gone to Central Continent and was secretly searching for Green Ant’s true inheritance.


 Zui Xian Weng cultivated food path, which was rare in the five regions and two heavens.


 While rarer things were often more precious.


 Zui Xian Weng was worthy of being recruited!


 Qi Sea Ancestor discussed with Eastern Sea’s super forces and held a large welcoming banquet. Not only were they trying to leave a good impression and gain the approval of Zui Xian Weng, they were also proclaiming the Righteous Qi Alliance’s attitude towards lone and demonic immortals.


 When Zui Xian Weng saw Fang Yuan, he was extremely respectful and even had a flattering expression.


 For instance, now.


 Zui Xian Weng’s wine was clearly called spring sea blossom wine. But Qi Sea Ancestor called it spring wind petals wine.


 Whether Qi Sea Ancestor had not heard clearly or if it was a slip of tongue, Zui Xian Weng did not ponder on it, he bowed: "Many thanks to Ancestor for bestowing the name!"


 "Amazing, amazing, spring wind petals wine not only suits the characteristics of this wine, it is also filled with poetic sentiment, making one feel like they are being caressed by spring wind, while flower petals flutter in the air."


 "It is a great honor for this wine to be bestowed a name by Ancestor. With Ancestor’s granting of this name, I believe this wine will be known throughout the five regions!"


 "Hahaha." Qi Sea Ancestor laughed heartily as he pointed at Zui Xian Weng, "Old Weng, you are quite witty."


 The various clan representatives also chimed in, their complements were like waves that followed Zui Xian Weng and moved towards Qi Sea Ancestor.


 These Gu Immortals were praising while cursing silently.


 ’I did not think this old guy Zui Xian Weng to have such a shameless side."


 "Truly a boot licker."


 "But it is not strange. He holds a wine reception every year where he invites all the forces. He has some skills in social interaction."


 Tang clan’s Gu Immortal Tang Tang was just about to raise his wine cup, when an information path mortal Gu flew in.


 He viewed it with his divine sense.


 ’What?! The variant human alliance has attacked!’ His body jolted, he was greatly shocked.


 But after reading the information properly, he relaxed somewhat.


 "Fang Yuan only sent ten or so Gu Immortals over different areas of Eastern Sea to kill mortals."


 "What is he trying to do?"


 "Not long ago, he invaded Fire Plain grotto-heaven and slaughtered a hundred million humans!"


 Tang Tang was pondering, when he recalled the incomplete Human Sea.


 After Fang Yuan invaded Eastern Sea’s Xia clan, the information about this artificial secluded domain of heaven and earth had spread far and wide. So the Righteous Qi Alliance was well aware of it.


 At this time, another information path Gu worm flew over.


 "Gu Ming Xu is requesting reinforcements from my clan?" Tang Tang’s heart stirred slightly.


 This Warm Sun Immortal Lord was a lawful lone immortal, Tang clan had always wanted to recruit him but was rejected by him. Who could have expected a crisis to appear out of nowhere, Gu Ming Xu actually offended the variant human alliance.


 In the request letter, Gu Ming Xu had clearly expressed: If Tang clan can provide help, he will join Tang clan!


 "My Tang clan cannot offend a person like Fang Yuan! Isn’t this trying to push my Tang clan into the fire?" Tang Tang sneered mentally.


 They could not give support.


 Tang Tang immediately crushed this information path mortal Gu and treated it like he had not seen it.


 Fang Yuan’s target this time were only the mortals, moreover, he avoided the people of the super clans.


 So, Tang clan did not suffer any losses.


 As for reputation, Tang clan’s reputation would fall a little because they did not retaliate. But, other clans were also the same, Fang Yuan’s action was not targeting just Tang clan.


 Since everyone was losing reputation, it was same as nobody losing any reputation.


 "As long as the situation doesn’t worsen, this is only a small matter. Let Fang Yuan kill however many he wants." Tang Tang continued to enjoy the banquet.


 After receiving this message, he began to deliberately observe the surrounding Gu Immortals.


 Sure enough, these people received the news one after the other.


 "Fang Yuan’s subordinates are slaughtering mortals?"


 "They are not our clansmen anyway, why provoke Fang Yuan because of this?"


 "Eastern Sea has so many mortals, even if some are killed, the population will be restored in ten years."


 "Let’s drink, let’s drink."


 "Hahaha, good wine!"


 The atmosphere became even more lively. As the banquet continued, these Gu Immortals were starting to get drunk, their faces flushed red as they enjoyed themselves.


 Tribulation clouds surged continually.


 A large amount of water splashed around in the time path clone’s immortal aperture, like fish jumping madly.


 This was a grand tribulation — Jumping Time Fish Tribulation.


 "The outcome is set." The time path clone was observing the whole process calmly.


 With the main body helping personally, there would definitely be no issue.


 The jumping time fish tribulation was not strong, it was an ordinary type of grand tribulation.


 Heaven’s will did not trouble Fang Yuan, which was rare. But the time path clone was not surprised.


 "In the recent period of time, my main body has not only helped Gu Immortals to undergo tribulations, he is also helping those Gu Immortal seeds to undergo immortal ascension. With him present, unless it is a dream path tribulation, there will be no issue. Heaven’s will realizes this fully, the calamities and tribulations are ordinary so that the main body won’t gain more heaven path dao marks."


 While the time path clone was thinking, the tribulation clouds in the sky were almost gone.


 Fang Yuan did not continue to attack, instead he took out ability Gu to give it a try.


 But ability Gu was almost destroyed.


 > clearly stated ability Gu would continue to grow stronger in calamities and tribulations. But Fang Yuan was unable to find a way to strengthen it.


 According to simple deduction, the records in > stated that calamities and tribulations were Gu materials to advance the rank of ability Gu.


 Fang Yuan gave it a try right now, but discovered that calamities and tribulations were not suitable as Gu materials and were extremely hard to control. Fortunately, Fang Yuan had made ample preparations and was able to preserve ability Gu.


 After obtaining this outcome, Fang Yuan did not hold back and destroyed the final lump of tribulation cloud.


 This time, he did not devour the heaven path dao marks.


 He left behind the time path dao marks from the tribulation in the time path clone’s immortal aperture.


 He did not touch the clone’s foundation.


 "Now, I also have rank eight cultivation." The time path clone was filled with emotions, "From now onwards, I shall use the name He Chun Qiu, what do you think?"


 "Up to you." Fang Yuan’s main body replied plainly.


 Currently, among Fang Yuan’s eight clones, Qi Sea Ancestor, Wu Shuai, the time path clone He Chun Qiu, and Zhan Bu Du had advanced to rank eight.


 But Fang Yuan already did not lack rank eight Gu Immortals under him at present.


 Southern Border.


 Human Smoke Mountain.


 This was Chai clan’s headquarters.


 Almost all of Chai clan’s Gu Immortals were assembled, and with Chai clan’s first supreme elder leading them, they welcomed three variant human Gu Immortals.


 These three variant humans were snowman, hairy man, and rockman; they were Bing Yuan, Golden Fur Immortal Monarch, and Shi Zong.


 "People of Chai clan, the three of us came with master’s order, we are here to discuss a trade with you." As the leader of this trip, Bing Yuan spoke.


 Chai clan’s immortals were in serious and heavy moods.


 It was not only because of Fang Yuan’s reputation, but because of these three variant human Gu Immortals’ auras.


 Be they Bing Yuan or Golden Fur Immortal Monarch or Shi Zong, they were all at rank eight!


 "What does Fang Yuan want? Could my Chai clan have something of interest to him?" Chai clan’s first supreme elder asked.


 "No need to be modest, Lord Chai Gan." Bing Yuan smiled, "My master is willing to purchase your noble clan’s human path results, including the killer move congregated human talent, the human path mountain Human Smoke Mountain, as well as many mortals raised by your clan."


 "What?!" The expressions of Chai clan’s immortals changed.


 "Fang Yuan is going too far!"


 "He is trying to dig up our Chai clan’s foundation."


 "The main thing is, if we cooperate with this demon Fang Yuan, what reputation would our grand righteous path Chai clan still have?"


 Chai clan immortals criticized softly.


 The expression of Chai clan’s first supreme elder was unsightly, he muttered for a while before asking: "My Chai clan does nurture the most mortals, these people live good and content lives in Human Smoke Mountain and do not cause trouble for anyone. I wonder what Fang Yuan wants to buy them for?"


 Shi Zong sneered: "Of course, to kill them all."


 Golden Fur Immortal Monarch had a crazed expression: "These humans your Chai clan is nurturing have abundant human qi, this is extremely good. Master’s Human Sea is only lacking the final step. With these people, it can finally be completed."


 Chai clan immortals were shaken.


 "Disregarding lives so casually, this demon deserves death!!!" One female immortal, Chai Ke Qing, shouted furiously.



***
Chapter 2138 Shaken Chai Clan


***





 



 Thousands of years ago.


 Southern Border, Human Smoke Mountain.


 A cave at the peak of the mountain opened quietly, and an old man walked out of it.


 He had an ashen expression.


 In the past, he could not find lifespan Gu and could only use other lifespan extension methods. His lifespan was at its end right now, even if he found lifespan Gu or other methods, it would be of no use.


 "I, the grand Chai Fu, cultivated to rank eight as a lone cultivator, but in the end, I still lost to lifespan. How sorrowful, how hateful!"


 Chai Fu was filled with anger and sadness that was deep as the sea.


 He walked down the mountain numbly, but a village at the base of the mountain gave him a surprise.


 "Before I went into closed cultivation, there had been no humans inhabiting this place. But in just several years, this place became so lively?"


 "I, the grand rank eight Gu Immortal Chai Fu whose name is spread throughout the Southern Border Gu Immortal world, won’t live for long, but you mortals are living so well!"


 Looking at the men and women in the village doing labor work and children playing around, Chai Fu’s anger and hatred surged so much that he was about to slaughter all these villagers.


 But at the next moment, he forcibly closed his eyes, his body trembled for a while before he gradually calmed down.


 Chai Fu restrained the evil intentions in his heart as he smiled bitterly: "I, Chai Fu, might not be a good person, but I have never targeted people who have not offended me, and have never slaughtered innocents."


 "Sigh, so be it if I die. What else can I do?"


 "Even the ten venerables were unable to escape death."


 "It is easy for Gu Immortals to live long, but how hard is eternal life!"


 Chai Fu had looked back over his whole life when he was in closed cultivation. He had no regrets in his life, he had a clean record and was without lingering concerns.


 With nothing else to do, Chai Fu disguised as a passing old Gu Master and entered the village.


 "Is he a traveling doctor?" The villagers misunderstood Chai Fu’s identity.


 Chai Fu went with the flow and used that identity, receiving warm welcomes from the villagers.


 There were Gu Masters in the village, but the highest was only at rank three, and they were not specialized in healing.


 Many villagers asked for help from Chai Fu, and with Chai Fu’s ability, it was a small matter for him to treat their illnesses.


 Chai Fu was even more revered because of this, and at the same time, he also learned of this village’s origin.


 "So these people are actually my descendants from over a hundred years ago!"


 This discovery made Chai Fu feel some lingering fear and thankfulness. Fortunately, he did not make a move earlier and slaughter them.


 Shortly after, Chai Fu began to think about the meaning of life: "Maybe this arrangement of fate is for me to leave behind something."


 Chai Fu had already thought of leaving behind his inheritance, and now his thought had solidified.


 "It just so happens that I got an inspiration during my closed cultivation and thought of a human path killer move. Looks like fate is never aimless, it wants me to use this move here."


 This killer move was congregated human talent!


 Chai Fu had been conceptualizing a lifespan extension method, but he did not expect the final result to be this.


 Congregated human talent was a human path killer move that could concentrate the aptitude of many people into a small group.


 Chai Fu used this move as the foundation and the favorable location of Human Smoke Mountain to establish his super force, Chai clan.


 Since the establishment of Chai clan, they had gathered and nurtured outsiders. They then used the killer move congregated human talent to transfer the aptitude of countless outsiders to Chai clansmen.


 Thus, geniuses always emerged in Chai clan.


 And those outsiders had mediocre aptitude, they could not cause any problems.


 Chai clan had this huge advantage and could rise continually, aspiring for the position of number one super force of Southern Border. However, there were Ba clan and Xia clan near Chai clan.


 The three clans were near each other and had always been in dispute. Whenever one clan was more powerful, it would be jointly attacked by the other two clans.


 Adding on that Chai clan had previously been near the five regional walls and had small territory, it lacked in resources, even though they had a large number of geniuses, they did not have sufficient cultivation resources.


 After the five regional walls disappeared, Chai clan became extremely excited. Because they could march towards Central Continent.


 However, not long after the regional walls disappeared, qi tides engulfed the world. After the qi tides, inheritances appeared everywhere. All the super forces in five regions, even lone and demonic immortals, were scrambling everywhere for these inheritances.


 In fact, even if this wave calmed down, Chai clan would still be in an awkward situation.


 Would they dare to attack Central Continent?


 Central Continent had the ten great ancient sects, and in terms of strength, they were stronger than Southern Border. Even more terrifying was that Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects had the same superior — Heavenly Court!


 Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects fought each other, but if foreign enemies appeared, they would unite like one body.


 And now, Chai clan encountered the greatest danger over the recent years —


 Gu Yue Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan sent three rank eight variant humans to discuss a trade with Chai clan, but their terms were excessive.


 Fang Yuan directly asked for congregated human talent, Human Smoke Mountain, as well as the countless outsider mortals that Chai clan was nurturing.


 This was directly excavating Chai clan’s core foundation that established their status!


 It was no wonder everyone in Chai clan looked unsightly, Chai clan’s Gu Immortal Chai Ke Qing even shouted in anger: Fang Yuan deserved death!


 "Impudent! You dare to curse my master. Looks like your Chai clan is asking for extermination." Shi Zong shouted.


 "No need to report to master, us three will attack and exterminate Chai clan now!" Golden Fur Immortal Monarch directly took out his two large hammers with surging killing intent.


 The expressions of Chai clan immortals changed intensely, they activated defensive killer moves and rose to the air.


 A large chaotic battle seemed to be imminent.


 "All of you, stop right now." Bing Yuan stopped the fight with a dark expression.


 "Bing Yuan, this..." Shi Zong and Golden Fur Immortal Monarch looked at Bing Yuan.


 Bing Yuan was the last to advance to rank eight among the three. Naturally, she had safely passed her tribulation with Fang Yuan’s help.


 But Bing Yuan was Xue Er’s grandmother, and Xue Er had an extremely terrifying identity that made countless Gu Immortals wary.


 She was Fang Yuan’s fiancée!


 Thus, Shi Zong and Golden Fur Immortal Monarch had no questions about Bing Yuan’s leadership position among them, and they were obedient too.


 "Restrain your aggression first." Bing Yuan spoke.


 Shi Zong snorted as he restrained his aura. Golden Fur Immortal Monarch reluctantly put away his hammers while staring at these Chai clan Gu Immortals.


 Chai clan’s first supreme elder let out a sigh of relief, and under his lead, Chai clan Gu Immortals also returned to ground as a show of sincerity.


 Bing Yuan’s expression was solemn as she said to the Chai clan immortals: "We did not come here to make enemies out of Chai clan, we indeed came to do a trade."


 "My master is a benevolent lord, his demon title is only a misunderstanding by the outside world."


 "It is just that those people who misunderstood master did not have a good ending. But what can my master do? Are you going to show your neck and wait for death when others come to kill you? There is no such logic in this world."


 "I believe you can understand it and won’t add to master’s problems."


 Bing Yuan’s words not only contained threat, she even distorted reality with her words.


 Chai Gan did not want to refute, he cupped his fists and said: "I apologize for my clansman’s careless remark. But if we agree to your condition, it will be akin to losing the foundation of our clan. Back then, when fate Gu still existed, it was Heavenly Court’s foundation. Does this mean Lord Fang Yuan would request to buy fate Gu from Heavenly Court? Would Heavenly Court sell it? Trying to buy a super force’s foundation out of nowhere, there is no such logic in this world, isn’t that so?"


 Bing Yuan smiled coldly: "Chai clan, that is your own problem. Don’t try to take advantage of us variant humans, and don’t try to take advantage of our master. Our master is benevolent, but besides a fair transaction, do you still want master to help you think of a way to maintain your foundation?"


 Golden Fur Immortal Monarch snickered: "Isn’t it simple if you want to keep your foundation? Just surrender to our master."


 Shi Zong immediately added with sincerity: "Yes. If you become our master’s subordinates, your future will be bright. If you keep on living like this, there are no prospects for you."


 The three rank eight variant humans revealed proud looks.


 They were deeply aware of this over the recent period of time.


 Chai clan was silent.


 They were using this tactful way to express their refusal.


 The three variant human Gu Immortals did not persuade much, let alone elaborate on it. They would rather have fewer competitors.


 Bing Yuan continued to urge: "You are all aware in your hearts, if master wants to forcefully demand the resources, he will personally make a move. Why would he send us three to negotiate? Isn’t this an unnecessary move? You can rest assure of master’s sincerity, take a look."


 Bing Yuan opened her hand, revealing a rank eight Immortal Gu.


 The Chai clan immortals were stunned and astonished, they transmitted their voices to each other and discussed.


 "Fang Yuan is really willing to pay a price?"


 "I thought that he was going to demand those things forcefully."


 "Be careful, this Gu may be fake. Fang Yuan is crafty and sinister, we cannot be deceived by him!"


 After the rapid conversation, Chai Gan shook his head: "It is a good Gu, we can see Lord Fang Yuan’s sincerity. But I am ashamed to say that even though I am Chai clan’s first supreme elder, my cultivation is only at rank seven, how can I be worthy of a rank eight Immortal Gu?"


 Bing Yuan smiled: "Don’t be in a hurry to refuse, take a look."


 Bing Yuan opened another hand, revealing another Gu.


 It was another rank eight Immortal Gu!


 This time, many Chai clan Gu Immortals were moved.


 Bing Yuan observed their expressions and said with a confident smile: "That’s right, you did not see it wrongly. This Immortal Gu is perfect for your Chai clan, this Gu is what your Immortal Gu House lacks. If you add it, your Immortal Gu House will become a rank eight Immortal Gu House."


 Chai Gan’s grave expression was also somewhat swayed.


 If Chai clan had a rank eight Immortal Gu House, they could fight against rank eight Gu Immortals, and even participate in the peak battle between pseudo venerable level existences.


 Their power and authority would rise to another level!


 It was a qualitative breakthrough!


 But at this time, Chai Ke Qing yelled: "Fellow supreme elders, don’t be deceived by the demon Fang Yuan and these variant human Gu Immortals. Even if these Immortal Gu are real, our Chai clan belongs to the grand righteous path, how could we lose our identity and honor for benefits! We must never collude with these demons. If we agree to this trade, what difference is there between us and the demonic immortals that we despise? If Ancestor Chai Fu were still alive, he would definitely berate us furiously!"



***
Chapter 2139 Righteous Speech


***





 



 "Hahaha." Golden Fur Immortal Monarch laughed, "You are wrong, little girl."


 Shi Zong added: "It doesn’t hurt to tell you. Your Southern Alliance’s leader, Wu Yong, has already traded with us several times. He purchased a rank nine wind path immortal material from us, and also handed rank seven fan wind Gu to us to raise it to rank eight."


 "What?" Chai clan’s Gu Immortals were shaken.


 Bing Yuan smiled: "Demonic path, righteous path, what’s the difference? If my master converts to righteous path, who will dare to not accept him? In fact, not only Wu clan, Western Desert’s Fang clan is also secretly working with us. Currently, Fang clan is using all their strength to develop green ghost desert and is supplying countless soul cores to master."


 There was another round of disturbance among the Chai clan immortals.


 They had heard of Western Desert’s Fang clan and also knew of their recent movements. What impacted them even more was that Wu clan was secretly cooperating with Fang Yuan.


 "How can that be?" Chai Ke Qing called out, "At least try to make a better lie. Lord Wu Yong is our Southern Alliance’s leader, how can he reach agreement with you? Everyone, you should not listen to these variant humans’ nonsense, they are just making lies to deceive us!"


 But this time, Chai clan immortals were silent.


 Chai Ke Qing had undergone immortal ascension just recently and had done so through relationships. Although she had talent, she had always been taken care of by Gu Immortal seniors and was not aware of how the world worked.


 Her understanding of the Gu Immortal world was even less than Shang Xin Ci.


 Since these variant human Gu Immortals said this, Chai clan’s immortals believed that it was likely to be true!


 Because they only needed to investigate it and would be able to find clues.


 Since the variant human Gu Immortals had said it, they were not afraid of being verified, they could even provide direct evidence.


 Chai Ke Qing did not believe Wu Yong would do such things, but Chai clan’s immortals were people who were experienced and aware of worldly affairs. Not long ago, they themselves had reached an agreement with Lu Wei Yin secretly to leave a way out.


 Bing Yuan continued: "My master is determined to create the secluded domain of heaven and earth — Human Sea. I think you all know about master’s nature. Even if all the people in the world oppose him, he will do it, he will not give up because someone obstructs him!"


 "You can also inquire about the recent events in Eastern Sea."


 "We variant human Gu Immortals moved all around in Eastern Sea and slaughtered humans, it was to gather resources to complete Human Sea."


 "Did any Eastern Sea righteous path super force oppose us openly?"


 "Hehehe. The righteous Qi Alliance even has Qi Sea Ancestor, a pseudo venerable, but he pretended not to see it. Let alone your Southern Alliance."


 The will of Chai clan’s immortals were shaken, they started conversing secretly.


 "There are indeed many tragedies happening in Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world."


 "Yes, these variant human Gu Immortals might be detestable, but their words are not without logic."


 "Eastern Sea’s Righteous Qi Alliance has the pseudo venerable Qi Sea Ancestor, but it still ended up like this. Not to mention our Southern Alliance which doesn’t even have such an expert."


 "The worst thing is, Wu Yong secretly collaborated with Fang Yuan."


 "Fang Yuan’s influence is truly terrifying!"


 "The enemy is strong while we are weak, it will be sensible to preserve our strength for the future."


 No matter how much they hated to admit it, Chai clan knew they were not Fang Yuan’s match, they were not even the match of these three rank eight variant humans in front of them. What made them even more hopeless was that even if they retaliated, the Southern Alliance would not provide them any protection. Even if the Southern Alliance provided protection, they would not be able to protect them.


 Chai clan’s Human Smoke Mountain had countless humans.


 If they really fought, these people were Chai clan’s weaknesses and Chai clan would not be able to protect them.


 In history, when Ba clan and Xia clan caused troubles for Chai clan, they relied on this point, as long as they made a threatening move towards Human Smoke Mountain, Chai clan had to act carefully.


 By now, Chai clan was already inclined towards cooperating with Fang Yuan.


 There was nothing that could be done about it.


 The enemy was strong while they were weaker by a huge degree!


 Only Chai Ke Qing was still continuing: "Everyone, listen to me..."


 "Shut up!" Chai Gan could not endure it anymore, he waved his hand and sealed Chai Ke Qing, making her unable to even budge.


 Chai Ke Qing was shocked, she had never expected her first supreme elder to do this!


 This method surprised the three variant human immortals.


 When Chai Gan used this move, not even a slight aura leaked out from the start to finish.


 Without being able to sense the aura, the three variant human Gu Immortals were unable to judge what path this killer move belonged to.


 Chai clan was a Southern Border super force after all, it had some foundation.


 Chai Gan’s expression was cold as he stared at a Chai clan Gu Immortal: "Chai Dui Shan, control your own descendant."


 "Yes." Chai Dui Shan immediately walked towards Chai Ke Qing and placed his hand on her shoulder.


 Instantly, the seal on Chai Ke Qing was strengthened further.


 Chai Ke Qing’s mind shook intensely, her expression was one of incredulity. Her eyes moved towards the side and reddened as she looked at the ancestor that had once been so tall and grand in her heart.


 Seeing this, the three variant human Gu Immortals had a similar thought —


 The outcome was set!


 A day later.


 While Chai clan’s headquarters were empty, Human Smoke Mountain was attacked by the biggest beast calamity of the past hundred years. An earth path immemorial desolate beast dug out from the ground.


 At that time, Chai clan’s immortals had gone out to fight for blessed lands, inheritances, and so on, and only a few rank six Gu Immortals were left to guard the headquarters.


 In order to protect the common people, the Gu Immortals left behind, with Chai Ke Qing as the head, used killer moves without caring for losses to Chai clan.


 This move inflicted damage on both enemies and oneself, although the immemorial desolate beast was killed, Human Smoke Mountain was heavily damaged and was almost turned into a crater.


 Fortunately, they were able to protect some clansmen.


 "Although there is a difference between immortals and mortals, Chai clan holds no such differentiation."


 "Human life is most important, mortal lives are as precious as Gu Immortal lives! Even if we have to sacrifice our lives, it is worth it if we can save more lives."


 "This is my Chai clan’s principle, it is our integrity as part of the righteous path!"


 Chai clan’s first supreme elder Chai Gan proclaimed his words that were full of righteousness to Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world after the event.


 The three variant human immortals set off on a journey back in secret.


 Human Smoke Mountain was naturally attacked by them.


 According to the agreement between the three variant human immortals and Chai clan, Chai clan sold Human Smoke Mountain as well as most of the mortals on Human Smoke Mountain, only keeping their own clansmen. They also kept some random outsiders to put up a show.


 Chai clan Gu Immortals did not make a move, the three variant human immortals dug up Human Smoke Mountain and slaughtered countless mortals.


 Lastly, the three immortals took away Chai clan’s human path results, while leaving a fire path true inheritance and three rank eight Immortal Gu to Chai clan.


 "Hahaha, master’s bottom line was five rank eight Immortal Gu for this mission, I did not think we would complete this mission with just three." Shi Zong laughed.


 "Even if Chai clan is a super clan and has been in Southern Border for a long time, they are truly inept. Just three rank eight Immortal Gu were enough to blow them away." Golden Fur Immortal Monarch also showed his disdain.


 At present, there were over twenty rank eight Immortal Gu listed on the sovereign immortal aperture’s exchange list!


 These rank eight Immortal Gu were of various paths and could be exchanged for using contribution points!


 Fang Yuan had been helping many Gu Immortals undergo tribulation, which spiked the number of rank eight Gu Immortals in the sovereign immortal aperture. Because of this, Fang Yuan put some rank eight Immortal Gu on the exchange list.


 This move stimulated all the rank eight Gu Immortals, they were excited to the point of madness.


 Even though many Gu Immortals knew clearly: Fang Yuan was dangling a carrot in front of them so that they would work for him like a mule.


 But this carrot was too large and too glossy, it really made them salivate!


 How hard was it to obtain a rank eight Immortal Gu, how hard was it to refine it?


 The Gu Immortals simply could not resist this temptation!


 "Congratulations, Bing Yuan, for saving two rank eight Immortal Gu for master. When we return, you will definitely be rewarded with lots of bonus contribution points." Golden Fur Immortal Monarch flattered.


 Fang Yuan’s task rewards were not fixed, they could change according to the change in situation.


 Bing Yuan laughed reservedly: "Actually, I don’t care much about contribution points. I saved the two rank eight Immortal Gu not for contribution points, but to help my family. You know that my Xue Er is Lord Fang Yuan’s fiancée after all."


 "This again."


 "Bing Yuan is showing off her relationship with master again!"


 Shi Zong and Golden Fur Immortal Monarch looked at each other secretly, seeing the complex emotions in each other’s eyes.


 They had heard of Bing Yuan mentioning this relationship so many times that they started feeling nauseous. But even so, every time they heard it, Shi Zong and Golden Fur Immortal Monarch could not help but feel envious.


 Not willing for Bing Yuan to stay on this topic, Shi Zong said: "Our side is clearly so strong, why do you think master still used such a huge price to trade with Chai clan?"


 Golden Fur Immortal Monarch immediately replied: "In my opinion, master traded with Wu clan, Chai clan, and Fang clan, probably because he wants to convert to righteous path."


 Shi Zong heaved a sigh: "If I had status and strength like master’s, I would run wild, who can stop me? Hehehe, a mere Chai clan will be turned to ashes with just a flick of my finger. Will I still talk business with these people?"


 Bing Yuan snorted coldly: "Which is why you will never become an existence like master. Master’s considerations are always far-sighted, how can we reckon what he is thinking? If we make guesses, it is no different than ants trying to estimate the sun and moon."


 "Yes, yes." Golden Fur Immortal Monarch quickly added, "Actually, even if we turn to righteous path, our lives will be pretty good. Just look at those Chai clan Gu Immortals holding back their anger, it was really refreshing. I, a hairy man, finally get to experience the taste of equality."


 The three immortals looked at each other and saw smiles on the others’ faces.


 Bing Yuan said: "Whether master walks the righteous path or demonic path, we only need to know one thing. That is, we follow master’s decision. If master wants to negotiate and do business, then we will do business. If master wants to kill someone, we will go kill that unlucky fellow."


 "Naturally!" Golden Fur Immortal Monarch patted his chest strongly.


 Shi Zong also nodded, saying with emotions: "In the history of humanity, besides Ren Zu, I only respect master!"


 Over this recent period of time, Fang Yuan’s subordinates had a huge transformation.


 The transformation on the surface was the rapid increase in their cultivation level and strength. And the internal mental transformation was that their loyalty towards Fang Yuan was increasing rapidly.


 The authority of the supreme demon, harsh agreements, and terrifying battle achievements made these Gu Immortals feel dread and not dare to rebel. On this basis, Fang Yuan only needed to give some benefits and these Gu Immortals would feel deeply grateful to him!


 And currently, Fang Yuan’s treatment towards them was something the other forces simply could not match.


 Such huge benefits made these Gu Immortals gather tightly around Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 2140 Establishing Dao Veins


***





 



 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.

 A huge butterfly was fluttering in the air.

 This butterfly was pure-white and let out graceful cloud light. Its speed was sometimes fast, sometimes slow; when it was fast, it was almost like teleportation, and when it was slow, it moved leisurely like fluttering leaves.

 This was a totem killer move — Cloud Light Butterfly.

 The totem killer moves Zhan Bu Du brought from Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven had extremely high value.

 Based on their grades, these totem killer moves were divided into: basic totems, unique totems, and super totems.

 There were thousands of basic totems, including dark capital strength tiger, golden bell totem, rain eagle totem and so on.

 After the cultivators of Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven refined a basic totem, they continued to develop the totem, making it a totem unique to them.

 These totems were different for different Gu Immortals.

 For instance, Zhan Bu Du combined rain eagle and thunder fish into kunpeng totem, which was his unique totem. It could not be copied by others because this totem was closely related to the distribution and scale of Zhan Bu Du’s dao marks.

 Above unique totems were super totems.

 There were extremely few of these totems and they were rare to the point of being only rumors and legends.

 Zhan Bu Du only heard of them and had not seen any.

 Many Gu cultivators of Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven also were doubtful regarding this grade of totem.

 But in Fang Yuan’s opinion, they should exist.

 “According to legends, super totems can leave the Gu cultivator and exist by themselves, they possess the ability to cultivate and can act by themselves. Isn’t this speaking of Qing Chou?”

 Qing Chou was originally a killer move, but through Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s arrangements, it turned into an immemorial desolate beast.

 Even the grand Spectral Soul went down because of Qing Chou.

 All the myriad paths reached the same point in the end.

 When totem killer moves were cultivated to the limit, they would be like Qing Chou, transforming from a dead killer move to a certain living form.

 From another angle, Gu refinement was also the same.

 Gu cultivators refined many dead Gu materials into a living Gu worm.

 And Gu worms and killer moves were the same in essence.

 Life, Gu worms, killer moves, and others, they were just a manifestation of ‘Dao’.

 “Unfortunately, I still cannot improve totem killer moves into compound killer moves at the moment.” Fang Yuan sighed inwardly.

 When totem killer moves were used to deal with the enemies, they had to leave the sovereign immortal body and would no longer be under the protection of unrestrained heavenly marks.

 “Maybe in the future, when my heaven path attainment increases, I can use heaven path dao marks with totem killer moves to create compound totem killer moves.”

 Fang Yuan already made some estimations.

 His heaven path attainment level needed to increase.

 In fact, his heaven path attainment had been rising all along.

 He was continuously refining heaven path dao marks into unrestrained heavenly marks, and was using heaven path Gu like heaven’s envy Immortal Gu, these experiences gave him insights towards heaven path.

 But his heaven path was still far from reaching master level.

 Master level heaven path attainment was the starting point for qualitative change.

 Fang Yuan continued to cultivate totem killer moves.

 So far, he was accumulating totem killer moves.

 Fang Yuan carefully selected these totem killer moves from the basic totems, and after perfecting them, they were at rank eight killer move level.

 A message appeared that disturbed Fang Yuan’s cultivation.

 Fang Yuan stopped his cultivation and inspected this message.

 This message came from Lu Wei Yin.

 The letter focused on the method of artificially creating earth veins.

 “My thought of modifying the sovereign immortal aperture is possible after all.” Fang Yuan thought with some joy.

 Over this period of time, Fang Yuan had published the exchange list and invested greatly to nurture his subordinate Gu Immortals. Because of this, Fang Yuan’s subordinates had a huge increase in their strength, they became extremely active and took the initiative to do missions everywhere.

 The sovereign immortal aperture’s situation had already stabilized.

 Fang Yuan estimated he could annex three more grotto-heavens before the ecosystem started breaking down again.

 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied with this.

 It was best if he could devour all the grotto-heavens and increase his strength to the limit before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave.

 When he goes to Crazed Demon Cave in the future and faces off against venerables, he would have a much easier time.

 However, even if Fang Yuan placed all the variant human alliance Gu Immortals inside the sovereign immortal aperture, including Qi Sea Ancestor to overlook the whole situation, he could not annex all the two heavens’ grotto-heavens.

 Even if he could do so, Fang Yuan would not do it.

 If he did it, the sovereign immortal aperture’s ecosystem would turn completely chaotic, and with just a little carelessness, it would break apart.

 Currently, Fang Yuan was in a secure environment and there was already this threat. When he fights with venerables and they discover this weakness, they may have some special methods to exploit this weakness.

 In fact, Fang Yuan’s silver luck pillar was loose and not condensed, it was hinting to Fang Yuan that this obvious weakness was very likely to be used by venerables.

 Just relying on manpower did not work, Fang Yuan racked his brains and finally thought of another method.

 That was to construct veins!

 Heaven had heaven veins, earth had earth veins, and humans had human veins.

 The so-called vein was extraordinary and special, not only was it an agglomeration of dao marks, but it also contained the characteristics of movement.

 Heaven veins might be formless, but they contained abundant heaven path dao marks. At the same time, these heaven path dao marks were not constantly unchanging, they circulated and transformed continuously.

 So when qi tides swept the world, there were qi harvest fruits every time they dissipated. And in the two heavens, because almost all the grotto-heavens were placed on a heaven vein node, the qi harvest fruits’ emergence became even more obvious, turning into a calamity.

 Earth veins were similar.

 After the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, earth veins appeared and spread throughout the five regions. Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, and others used the characteristic of the earth vein movement to escape smoothly.

 Why were there abnormal situations occurring in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture?

 What was the truth and source of it?

 Where was the crux of the issue?

 When Fang Yuan researched it, the answer he got was very thought-provoking.

 The answer was — the non-conflicting dao marks of the sovereign immortal aperture!

 By right, there should be conflict between different dao marks. But there was none of it in the sovereign immortal aperture, dao marks of all paths were harmonious.

 Excessive harmony was not a good thing.

 There was no absolute good or bad in the world!

 Just like when Ni clan encountered the meteor calamity.

 This meteor calamity was extremely destructive and Fang Yuan had to personally make a move to resolve it.

 The source of this meteor calamity was just a spurt of fire rain in Mini Red Heaven.

 After Fang Yuan annexed Fire Plain grotto-heaven, his fire path dao marks had a massive surge which caused frequent fire rain in Mini Red Heaven.

 And among all the fire rain, one spell continued to grow and happened to shoot through a charcoal lake.

 The fire rain’s dao marks and charcoal lake’s dao marks merged together, forming rank six level killer move meteor rain.

 As the meteor rain entered Mini Orange Heaven, it combined with the dao marks on its way and its strength increased to rank seven level.

 As it entered Mini Yellow Heaven, it combined with metal path dao marks and its might increased to rank eight.

 When it was above the Ni clan army, the scale of these meteors was already dense enough to fill the sky, reaching tens of thousands!

 The smallest were only the size of a small field, while some were as large as a mountain.

 If there was the presence of conflicting dao marks, this calamity would have not occurred. It was very likely that when the fire rain shot through the charcoal lake, it would be restrained by the earth path dao marks in the charcoal lake, its might would fall sharply and it would end there.

 But because of the harmony between dao marks in the sovereign immortal aperture, after the fire rain went through the charcoal lake, it became meteor fire rain.

 After Fang Yuan realized this crucial point, he understood how to end the issues in the sovereign immortal aperture.

 It was simple, that was to make the dao marks in the sovereign immortal aperture conflict!

 Once there were conflicting dao marks, the sovereign immortal aperture’s biggest issue would be solved easily, it would be stable like the outside world’s five regions.

 Lu Wei Yin’s letter also confirmed Fang Yuan’s idea.

 He mentioned: When Shadow Sect refined sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Mushroomman Paradise had also secretly helped.

 Spectral Soul might or might not have realized this issue.

 But that was not important.

 Spectral Soul and Paradise Earth might oppose each other, but they reached a tacit agreement through Red Lotus Demon Venerable because of fate Gu.

 Lu Wei Yin analyzed: the fundamental reason for sovereign immortal fetus Gu being rank nine was non-conflicting dao marks. But if it were to be taken a step further and raised to rank ten, the dao marks had to conflict.

 This conflict was not taking a step back, but instead, to make the sovereign immortal body’s dao marks follow the master’s intention, it could either be non-conflicting or conflicting dao marks at will!

 Making the dao marks conflict could resolve the sovereign immortal body’s greatest flaw — strong attack, weak defense!

 However, Fang Yuan clearly did not have enough capability to accomplish this.

 Even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was unable to do this.

 After all, that would not be rank nine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, but rank ten!

 Rank nine Immortal Gu were already rare and mighty, rank ten was only a rumor of legends.

 Fang Yuan had lived for hundreds of years but had only heard rumors of two rank ten Immortal Gu.

 One was destiny Gu, one of the main materials for refining rank ten destiny Gu was rank nine fate Gu.

 Another was eternal Gu. This legend originated from >.

 Currently, from Lu Wei Yin’s letter, Fang Yuan learned of the possible third rank ten Immortal Gu — sovereign immortal fetus Gu!

 Fang Yuan could not accomplish conflicting dao marks, then what should he do?

 Easy!

 Since he could not create conflicting dao marks, Fang Yuan went to the extreme, to make dao marks even more harmonious and condense them.

 But this cohesion and harmony was selective, and would be under Fang Yuan’s control.

 What was the solution?

 Fang Yuan did not need to think much before the method of vein construction emerged in his mind.

 There were many kinds of dao veins.

 Heaven vein, earth vein, human vein, fire vein, water vein, and so on.

 In Eastern Sea, undercurrents interwove under the sea, forming a natural route for transportation of goods. Many of Eastern Sea’s caravans made use of Gu worms to go deep under the sea and used the undercurrents to move rapidly, in a short time, they could travel for ten thousand li, or even a hundred thousand li, to engage in trade.

 This was actually one of the forms of water veins.

 Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance naturally contained the way to construct artificial earth vein. But Fang Yuan still wanted to consult Lu Wei Yin regarding the specific way to put it into practice.

 Regarding him and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, Fang Yuan was always on guard.

 For instance, Fang Yuan had never let Lu Wei Yin enter the sovereign immortal aperture. Or for example, Fang Yuan preserved Paradise Earth’s dream realms and Mushroomman Paradise, he did not make a move on them without deep consideration.

 “Adding in Lu Wei Yin’s suggestion, I can modify my previous idea and get an overall mature way to implement it. I can let those Gu Immortals finish the early steps.”

 “Or maybe, I should let Meng Qiu Zhen explore Paradise Earth’s dream realms first and raise my earth path attainment, which would make it much more convenient for constructing the earth vein.”



***
Chapter 2141 Fang Huan’s Revival


***





 



 Central Continent.

 In the depths of an Earth Trench.

 Inside a pitch-black cave, two cold rays of light shone suddenly.

 This was Bai Ning Bing’s gaze.

 As she ended this closed cultivation session, she had not only created an ice path killer move, but also gained some insight towards ice path.

 “I can clearly feel my understanding of ice and snow deepening by a little, I am not far from grandmaster level.” Bai Ning Bing mumbled.

 “Such a pity that after I converted to dragonman, my comprehension speed of ice and snow path fell sharply. My current master level is mostly the accumulation from before.”

 Previously, Bai Ning Bing possessed Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique and had an extremely high innate advantage when cultivating ice path and soul path. Her attainment levels in those paths could increase rapidly.

 But after converting her body, it influenced this aspect.

 Dragonman was specialized in enslavement path, if Bai Ning Bing were to change to cultivating enslavement path, she would have an advantage in it. But the level of this advantage could not compare to the help the Northern Dark Ice Soul Physique provided in cultivating ice path and soul path.

 Man was the spirit of all living beings, the talent of the ten extreme physiques was far superior to the talents of the variant human races.

 Bai Ning Bing cautiously walked out of the cave.

 This cave was formed naturally and was at the side of a cliff in the Earth Trench.

 Bai Ning Bing activated breath concealment ice pearl, shortly after, an ice thread-like thin line appeared on her slender and fair neck, circling around it.

 This move was created by Bai Ning Bing and was not from Bai Xiang’s true inheritance.

 The killer move did not let out any aura when activated. Because the aura was stored as tiny ice pearls on the ice thread.

 The disadvantage of this move was that it sacrificed some of its power, and once there were too many ice pearls, they would combine into one and turn into a noose that would strangle Bai Ning Bing, causing serious injuries or even death.

 “I must conceal my aura when exploring this deep into the Earth Trench.” Bai Ning Bing’s expression was calm as she quietly activated an investigative killer move to scout her surroundings.

 After she left the Earth Treasury, she started cultivating in the depths of the Earth Trench. She was chased down by wild beast groups and suffered a lot.

 Fortunately, with the killer move Bai Xiang, as long as a fragment of her body remained, Bai Ning Bing was undying, otherwise, she would not have survived until now.

 “There are three immemorial desolate beasts within a hundred li radius, as well as an ancient desolate beast group.” Bai Ning Bing quickly understood her surroundings.

 She only had rank seven cultivation, it was extremely dangerous for her to live in this environment. Even ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals found it difficult to explore this place.

 With huge risks came huge rewards.

 The cultivation resources here were at rank eight level. Even if Bai Ning Bing could not use them, she could sell them in treasure yellow heaven and buy the resources she needed.

 Bai Ning Bing liked taking risks, most people would be on tenterhooks about this kind of life, but she immersed in it and enjoyed the thrill of being at the brink of life and death.

 “Although it is dangerous to cultivate here, there is still a chance of survival. But in the five regions and two heavens, it is even more dangerous, be they Fang Yuan, Shadow Sect, or Heavenly Court, they will all hunt me down.”

 Bai Ning Bing had a clear judgment of her situation.

 “Hmm?” Bai Ning Bing had just walked out of the cave when her expression changed slightly.

 She sensed that most of the wild beasts suddenly acted like cats that had smelled fish, beginning to rush towards one direction.

 Some beasts and beast groups were unmoved, but they were soon engulfed by the will of the majority of the beasts and rushed forward as well.

 Thereupon, a massive beast tide formed rapidly under Bai Ning Bing’s gaze.

 “What’s going on? These beasts seem to be attracted to something, they gave up on their fights and territories to go after it. What could it be?”

 Bai Ning Bing could not help but feel curious.

 Without any hesitation, she immediately activated a movement killer move as she joined the beast tide.

 The beast tide started gathering together, countless ancient desolate beasts and some conspicuous immemorial desolate beasts were surrounding an area.

 This area was also on the precipice of the Earth Trench, it protruded slowly like a burial mound. At this moment, it was letting out yellowish-brown and red light.

 The light was like water as it moved around dazzlingly.

 On the peak of the burial mound, there was a tombstone! The tombstone seemed to have writings but they were obstructed by the light. They could not be seen even by using investigative killer moves.

 Bai Ning Bing had already transformed into Bai Xiang state and joined with the beast groups.

 “What place is this? There is such a dense earth path and fire path aura here. What is hiding here? Immortal materials? Or Immortal Gu?”

 “But why is there a tombstone? The tombstone seems to have some characters written on it. Is it made by someone? Who is buried there?”

 Bai Ning Bing looked at the surrounding beasts.

 She had a trace of understanding: “Most of these beasts are earth path and fire path beasts, no wonder they were attracted here. There are only beasts of other paths here and they were forcefully pulled in by the beast tide.”

 Boom!

 Right at this time, the two lights over the burial mound suddenly shot towards the sky, turning into a giant yellow-red pillar of light.

 The beasts roared in excitement.

 Some beasts began to charge towards the pillar as if trying to get the top spot, but they were soon knocked down and trampled by the beasts behind them.

 The beast groups fell into chaos and madness, fighting and killing each other as they charged towards the pillar of light.

 But even if some beasts reached the front and collided with the pillar, they did not get what they wanted. The pillar of light remained unmoving, it was like a large mountain that refused to budge an inch.

 Bai Ning Bing was a Gu Immortal and had intelligence far above the beasts. She hid outside the chaotic battle, and although she was still implicated, she mainly observed the changes.

 As time passed, there were heavy casualties among the beast groups with corpses scattered everywhere. The yellow-red pillar of light also started to shrink, seemingly converging into the burial mound.

 The beasts became even more frantic, their bloodthirsty, pained, and chewing noises filled Bai Ning Bing’s ears.

 “This vast world is truly profound without limits and it has endless mysteries to explore. Let me see what is going on.” Bai Ning Bing began to move closer towards the mound.

 When the beasts had killed each other and the survivors were riddled with injuries, the yellow-red light was completely absorbed by the mound.

 The tombstone on the mound also dug into the earth.

 The mound seemed to have reached the point of qualitative change as it suddenly split apart.

 Crack crack.

 Thin cracks spread all over the mound.

 Shortly after, the mound burst open from the inside and a Gu Immortal’s aura leaked towards the surroundings.

 A naked male immortal opened his eyes and looked at his surroundings in a daze: “Who… who am I?”

 But at the next moment, he started becoming clear-headed as he recalled many things.

 “I, I remember, I am Fang Huan.” The male immortal’s eyes shrunk in amazement and shock.

 Roar—!

 Beast groups roared and pounced towards the naked immortal agitatedly.

 The male immortal opened his eyes wide and flew to the air: “I am alive again! I am Fang Huan, I am — Lava Demon Lord!”

 Bam!

 A huge sound erupted as red light waves spread from the male immortal’s body.

 The light waves surged like a tsunami, drowning its surroundings.

 Everywhere they passed by, the red light waves burned everything; most of the beast groups were burned to death instantly, and some of the surviving beasts were even more injured. Some were lying on the ground on the verge of death, while a small portion of the beasts went berserk as they charged towards the male immortal.

 The male immortal Fang Huan’s expression turned solemn as he let out the red light waves again.

 The red light swept the whole battlefield, causing a large number of casualties, but there were still several immemorial desolate beasts that managed to reach Fang Huan.

 Fang Huan could not keep his composure anymore as he shouted towards Bai Ning Bing: “Lend me a hand. I will reward you heavily after this!”

 “Okay.” Bai Ning Bing agreed without hesitation and attacked directly.

 Within a short period of time, she easily killed those several immemorial desolate beasts.

 It was because they were already heavily injured.

 “Many thanks, friend! Fortunately, with your help, I could… ahh!” Fang Huan was suddenly cut into two at the waist.

 Bai Ning Bing grabbed his head, holding his upper body as she smiled cruelly: “I thought about it, it is still more convenient to soul search directly.”

 Fang Huan stared at Bai Ning Bing with wide eyes.

 This female immortal had light-blue vertical dragon pupils and had a pair of spiral dragon horns. Her glistening silver hair was shiny like crystal, extending to her waist. Her skin was snow-white, and on her peerlessly beautiful face, there was a hint of crazed indifference.

 “Such a beautiful woman…” Fang Huan died with his eyes wide open

 Bai Ning Bing searched Fang Huan’s soul but was unable to obtain any valuable information. Although Fang Huan revived in the mound, he was still muddle-headed and did not know many things.

 Bai Ning Bing landed on the broken mound and searched carefully.

 There were still no gains.

 “This area had such a large scale of earth path and fire path dao marks, but they have disappeared completely, and it is no different from ordinary ground now.”

 But Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Huan’s body: “No, to be more accurate, these dao marks condensed into the immortal body.”

 “Wonderful, truly amazing.” Bai Ning Bing praised repeatedly.

 Through soul search, she knew this Fang Huan was from a previous generation. He cultivated earth path, but later inherited heart fire true inheritance, so cultivated fire path as well. He did fire monster business and had been one of the tycoons of this business in treasure yellow heaven.

 He had died long ago, but for some reason, he actually revived!

 “This grave-like mound seems to have the same effect as Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard, it can let Gu Immortals revive?!” Bai Ning Bing was excited about this discovery.

 She had made a huge gain this time.

 Not only did she discover the mysterious mound, she also captured Fang Huan’s soul and obtained his inheritance as well as cultivation insights.

 The even bigger battle spoils were the beast corpses that filled the battlefield.

 There were many rank eight immortal materials here! Rank seven immortal materials were even higher in number.

 Sovereign immortal aperture, Mini Southern Border.

 Rumble!

 With a loud sound, a mountain landed on the ground like a large stamp.

 The famous mountain was red and squarish. This mountain did not have even a trace of soil, it was completely formed from all kinds of copper. It was Copper Seal mountain.

 Previously, Copper Seal mountain was targeted by the tribulation of the three thousand heaven path dao marks, half of it was split by the lightning, giving out dense smoke and sparks. The entire mountain had turned into a molten state and emitted a terrible smell.

 But now, after Fang Yuan issued the corresponding missions, Copper Seal mountain was repaired by many Gu Immortals. It was not only restored to its former state, it was even larger now.



***
Chapter 2142 Ideas About Resources


***





 



 “Alright, we have finally moved this Copper Seal mountain now.” The exhausted Gu Immortals let out breaths of relief.

 One rockman Gu Immortal did not rest and began to prepare.

 After a long while, he activated an earth path killer move.

 Under the effect of this killer move, Copper Seal mountain seemed to shake slightly. The base of the mountain started emitting a thin earthen-yellow radiance.

 The threads of light gathered and formed a translucent, golden earth path mountain root.

 The mountain root pierced the ground and began to spread quickly.

 The rockman Gu Immortal continued to maintain the killer move, he had an expression of difficulty, his immortal essence was consumed rapidly.

 Finally, he could no longer continue and stopped the killer move.

 The mountain root stopped spreading rapidly and paused. It had entered deep underground and began to grow with normal speed.

 In the coming years, this mountain root would join with the surrounding dao marks, maintaining and helping to stabilize Copper Seal mountain.

 Trees had tree roots, while mountains had mountain roots. If they were casually moved, the roots could be broken and result in their destruction.

 Therefore, moving famous trees and mountains required special wood path and earth path methods, otherwise, there were more disadvantages than advantages in moving them forcefully.

 The rockman Gu Immortal sat cross-legged on the ground and started to recover.

 He was extremely tired, his immortal essence expenditure was also the highest among the immortals. Naturally, after the mission completion, his contribution points would be that much higher as well.

 As for the other Gu Immortals, they had finished resting and started to carry out the final inspection.

 After a while, the immortals gathered once again.

 “That will do, this Copper Seal mountain’s state is good.”

 “The mountain root’s situation is also pretty good. Such a famous mountain and mountain root can completely bear the task of being an earth vein node.”

 “Master is truly majestic and bold. He is actually constructing an earth vein in the entire mini five regions. This plan is really too grand and will need at least ten years to complete. It really makes me admire him endlessly.”

 The immortals nodded, they had the same feeling.

 “Alright, let’s leave. We need to relocate the next famous mountain.”

 “There are not many Gu Immortals who can relocate mountains, but there will be fewer tasks like this as we continue finishing them, the contribution points are also abundant. Let’s work hard and try to finish some more.”

 “Yes, yes. Recently, if someone cannot continue, they will make a trip to the liver life formation. No one wants to give up on those contribution points!”

 “I already went before this.”

 “Haha, is that so? I also went there!”

 The immortals left Copper Seal mountain while conversing.

 If the mini five regions were looked from high above, one would see about ten groups of people working hard to relocate mountains.

 Of course, it was not just famous mountains.

 Besides famous mountains, there were also the ten earths that could act as earth vein nodes.

 There was a detailed description regarding ten earths in Southern Border’s Paradise Earth true inheritance.

 The ten earths were: Earth Abyss, Earth Trench, Earth Tunnel, Earth Cave, Earth Prison, Production Earth, Flying Earth, Formation Earth, Treasure Earth, and Tomb Earth.

 These ten earths could bear the task of being earth vein nodes.

 The first step in Fang Yuan’s artificial earth vein construction was to arrange all kinds of earth vein nodes in the mini five regions. He would then use earth path methods to connect the nodes. Lastly, he would make adjustments.

 Currently, Fang Yuan could only create half of the ten earths: Earth Abyss, Earth Trench, Earth Tunnel, Production Earth, and Formation Earth.

 The other five earths were beyond his ability.

 For example: Tomb Earth.

 The formation of this earth was shrouded in mystery, even Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable could not see through it.

 Gu Immortals could revive in this area.

 Tomb Earth’s tombstone was also extremely mysterious, possessing the ability of information path. It seemed to be able to extract and condense all the information of the Gu Immortal’s life from the River of Time.

 The greater the reputation of the Gu Immortal, the more detailed the writings on the tombstone, which seemed to provide more help towards the Gu Immortal’s revival.

 The specific relation between them had to be verified.

 At present, Fang Yuan’s subordinates were all moving mountains.

 Mountains usually acted as earth vein nodes and not the ten earths.

 These mountains needed to be at least of famous mountain level.

 “There are not many famous mountains in the sovereign immortal aperture. I estimate they can only cover thirty percent of the earth vein nodes in the first step of the plan.”

 The artificial earth vein project was extremely large and needed the most investment. Fang Yuan had annexed a large number of grotto-heavens and obtained an inestimable amount of cultivation resources, but now, he was starting to see the limits.

 Fang Yuan still had a famous mountain which he did not use.

 That was the recently obtained Human Smoke Mountain!

 “It is better to keep this mountain. My intuition is telling me that if I continue to use Chai clan’s human path research results, I will be able to condense the essence of Human Smoke Mountain and form an incomplete Human Mountain!”

 Fang Yuan was a human path grandmaster, his intuition regarding human path was much more accurate than human path masters.

 After killing many mortals raised by Chai clan, Human Sea was complete, but Human Mountain had yet to form.

 The combination of Human Mountain and Human Sea would definitely be extremely powerful. Even in five hundred years of his previous life, Fang Yuan had not seen it.

 But this was a long-term project.

 The investment in constructing a secluded domain of heaven and earth was extremely big, much bigger than the investment in an artificial earth vein!

 The reason the incomplete Human Sea could be completed was because there were the painstaking accumulations of Eastern Sea’s Xia clan.

 It was at its final stage and required human path resources.

 Eastern Sea’s Xia clan suffered from their righteous path identity and could only collect the resources secretly. How could they dare to be like Fang Yuan, killing and massacring openly!

 Firstly, Fang Yuan chose the targets of slaughter cleverly, he did not cross the limits of the Righteous Qi Alliance, they ignored it.

 Later, he paid attention to Chai clan’s mortals.

 Fang Yuan decisively gave up on a portion of the benefits to negotiate forcefully. Even a super clan like Chai clan finally submitted to Fang Yuan’s demonic might, lowering their head to cooperate.

 “I am starting to lack resources.” Fang Yuan frowned slightly.

 The plan of constructing Human Mountain was definitely far away in the future.

 In fact, the incomplete Refinement Sea was also on the verge of being consumed.

 Fang Yuan had invested too much in this recent period of time.

 In fact, he had looted countless cultivation resources. These resources mostly came from two heavens’ grotto-heavens, which had a long history spanning several hundreds of thousands of years, and even a million years.

 But it would not last long!

 Fang Yuan had been refining rank eight Immortal Gu on a large scale, at the same time, he used rank six and rank seven cultivation resources to nurture his subordinates.

 Fang Yuan had too many Gu Immortals under him!

 Just Lang Ya Sect alone had many hairy man Gu Immortals, the variant human alliance had even more Gu Immortals. There was also the group of variant human Gu Immortals like Bing Yuan, Shi Zong and Mo Tan Sang.

 Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s human Gu Immortals were close to ten, including Combat Beast King.

 And there was also Lady White Rabbit, Fairy Miao Yin, as well as Fang Yuan’s clones Wu Shuai, Zhan Bu Du, and others.

 Not long ago, mushroomman Gu Immortals joined him. Among them, the strongest was Ke Xin Hong.

 The size of Fang Yuan’s subordinate Gu Immortals far surpassed normal super forces. Even Longevity Heaven could not compare to him, that was to say, only the former Shadow Sect that had Zombie Alliance, and Heavenly Court that had the ten great ancient sects under it, could compare to him.

 Were Wu clan to possess this many Gu Immortals, Wu Yong might be laughing happily even in his dreams. A formidable character like Wu Yong did not care about the difference in races, he only cared if they were usable or not. Naturally, it would be better if they were all human Gu Immortals.

 Fang Yuan was expanding so much that no amount of cultivation resources would be enough for him to use.

 Fortunately, his foundation was extremely robust and could last for this long.

 But now, it was beginning to show signs of exhaustion.

 “Looks like I need to plunder resources again.” Although his accumulations were still there, Fang Yuan was preparing for the future.

 “I have already looted the resources of the variant human alliance. Only a portion of the grotto-heavens remain now.”

 “Mushroomman Paradise’s situation is also the same. Almost all the mushroommen have moved over, let alone the resources accumulated there.”

 Fang Yuan analyzed.

 He had placed his hopes on Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven, but from the information Zhan Bu Du brought, Fang Yuan knew Longevity Heaven had placed its forces in Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven.

 Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven itself was very powerful and was difficult to conquer. There were definitely forces eyeing it other than Longevity Heaven.

 So, although that place had plenty of resources, Fang Yuan did not want to target it at the moment.

 Eastern Sea’s blue dragon whale also had abundant resources.

 But it was also not possible.

 Ever since the last time he left, Fang Yuan had not been able to find any traces of the blue dragon whale.

 He had used the killer move heaven and earth travel to try to enter the blue dragon whale’s immortal aperture, but failed mysteriously every time.

 “There is still a group of two heavens’ grotto-heavens who submitted to Qi Sea Ancestor, they are all humans. These grotto-heavens also have plenty of cultivation resources. Maybe, I can cooperate with Qi Sea clone.”

 For the moment, Fang Yuan did not want to invade super forces like Chai clan and Wu clan.

 That would expend his own luck.

 Any super force possessed enormous luck and had a few tricks up their sleeves.

 There might not be many benefits and the risks were definitely huge. More importantly, even if he invaded super forces, Fang Yuan did not want to take over too much of the outside world’s territories.

 It was much better to develop the sovereign immortal aperture, both his territories and himself were in one body, it was extremely flexible and convenient.

 Other Gu Immortals did not have the sovereign immortal aperture, so it was more beneficial for them to occupy territories. If they possessed the sovereign immortal aperture, they might also make the same choice as Fang Yuan.

 A strong wind suddenly blew over from Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool and charged towards the skies before dissipating.

 He Chun Qiu brought good news, Wu clan’s fan wind Gu was advanced successfully, though it failed two times in the process.

 Rank eight fan wind Gu!

 In recent times, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had gone through some adjustments and its ability was much stronger now.

 Including fan wind Gu, Fang Yuan had already refined over fifty rank eight Immortal Gu with Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.

 “I can sell true inheritances on a large scale in treasure yellow heaven and exchange for cultivation resources. The profits from doing Gu refinement business are also quite amazing.” Fang Yuan thought of two ways to gather resources.

 According to Fang Yuan’s current refinement path strength, he was only unable to refine rank nine and rank ten Immortal Gu, as well as some specific rank eight Immortal Gu.

 For instance, Fang Yuan lacked sufficient rank eight luck path immortal materials for fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.



***
Chapter 2143 Tiger Poison Gu


***





 



 “You have only seven days left to live!”

 Meng Qiu Zhen entered Paradise Earth’s dream realm, what welcomed him was this sentence.

 “What?” Meng Qiu Zhen blurted out in astonishment.

 In front of him was an old mushroomman granny.

 She sighed and said in a guilty tone: “Little Mi, your grandmother is too useless, I really have no way to treat your illness.”

 Using this short time, Meng Qiu Zhen quickly scanned his surroundings. He found that not only was there a mushroomman in front of him, he himself was also a mushroomman.

 And right now, they were in a hut that was specific to mushroomman culture.

 This hut had deep-green walls, it was constructed with special grass and mud. The roof of the hut was made with straws.

 The furnishings inside the hut were simple and revealed this was a doctor’s home.

 “Grandma, is it really hopeless? Is there really no other way?” Meng Qiu Zhen pretended to be in disbelief while trying hard to find clues regarding this dream realm.

 The mushroomman granny hesitated for a moment before saying: “There is a way.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen immediately asked: “What way?”

 The mushroomman granny shook her head and walked towards a table.

 There were medicine pots all over the table; some were white, some were gray, but most were black.

 Some of these medicine pots were opened, they were filled with dried medicinal herbs or pitch-black medicinal liquid. Whereas some medicine pots were covered tightly with lids.

 The old granny seemed to be in a complicated mood, she subconsciously moved these medicine pots before gradually calming down.

 With her back towards Meng Qiu Zhen, she said: “The one thing I can think of that can possibly save you is not a method, but a person.”

 “A person?” Meng Qiu Zhen got near to the old granny, he saw these medicine pots actually contained Gu worms.

 The old granny sighed: “Sigh, you know her too.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen had no idea who she meant, but he had plenty of experience and developed quite a glib tongue, he said: “Could it be her?”

 “Indeed, her. My tribe’s previous witch, Huang Wan,” said the old granny.

 Every mushroomman tribe had a witch. Different from the merman tribe’s saintess, witches did not hold authority, but they usually had high reputation.

 Because witches were the most capable female doctors in the mushroomman tribe.

 Without the witch’s support and blessing, the mushroomman’s next tribe leader would face questioning and might even be unable to take the position.

 “You only have hope of survival by looking for the previous witch, Huang Wan.” The old granny emphasized.

 Meng Qiu Zhen immediately asked: “Then, where is she?”

 “Whip Mountain.” The old granny looked at Meng Qiu Zhen: “Little Mi, you are a good child, I have watched you grow up. The plague is terrorizing the tribe but you should not have been infected, it was because you helped me treat others of your own accord that you got infected. You also know a thing or two about Huang Wan’s matter. Although she is extremely strong, she betrayed the tribe, so you can only go look for her personally. The tribe won’t help you.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen nodded, he keenly sensed that the old granny had some hidden meaning behind her words.

 He suddenly had a flash of inspiration and asked: “But grandma, I simply cannot reach there with my strength. I must see Huang Wan to obtain her help. Not only to keep my life, but more than that, I want to bring back a way to treat the illness!”

 “Good child, good child.” The old granny was relieved, “That is what I want you to do. Rest assured, you are taking the risk to go to Whip Mountain, your journey will be filled with dangers and Whip Mountain is moreover a human territory. How can I, your grandmother, let you go like that?”

 The old granny turned sideways and opened all of the medicine pots on the table: “You can take three of the Gu worms here. They will provide a huge help to you.”

 “Many thanks, grandma!” Meng Qiu Zhen said while thinking: It was like this indeed.

 He had plenty of experiences in exploring dream realms. With just this conversation, he had already probed the key of this dream realm stage.

 “The crucial hidden point of this stage of the dream realm is the selection of Gu.”

 “If I did not sense the old granny’s hidden meaning and mentioned it, I might not have gotten the chance to select Gu.”

 “Choosing three Gu worms will definitely lower the difficulty of the dream realm.”

 “But which three would be better for me?”

 Meng Qiu Zhen carefully observed the Gu worms while secretly activating dream butterfly Immortal Gu.

 With the help of dream butterfly Immortal Gu, Meng Qiu Zhen soon found various clues of the second stage.

 “Choose quickly, stop wasting time needlessly. You need to treasure every breath of time you have.” The old granny urged.

 Meng Qiu Zhen said through clenched teeth: “Grandma, let me consider for a bit longer.”

 The old granny said with a cold face: “Hmph, you are already in this situation, you must be decisive. Choose three Gu worms immediately, then leave the valley through this secret passage. If this time passes, that passage will be closed for seven days. Choose quickly!”

 Meng Qiu Zhen was not able to put it off any longer, but fortunately, he had already gotten much information in this short period of time.

 “I choose these three.” Meng Qiu Zhen quickly chose three Gu from the tens of medicine pots.

 “Good. You chose well. Huang Xiao Mi, time is pressing, I can only help you till here, leave now!” The old granny’s voice had just ended when Meng Qiu Zhen’s sight turned dark.

 The dream realm entered the second stage.

 He had rank three cultivation, and using his Gu worms as well as the three new Gu, he traveled rapidly through the mountains, although it was arduous.

 He walked through the dangerous man-eating forest, passed the high fog, and crossed the death marsh. He was now facing his final obstacle, a thousand beast king level black bear.

 Meng Qiu Zhen fought a long and bitter battle with the black bear.

 Finally, the black bear collapsed on the ground.

 Its thick body shrank within a few breaths of time like a balloon that was poked.

 In just a short while, its blood, flesh, and organs turned into purple poison which flowed out of its wounds and orifices.

 Meng Qiu Zhen carefully squatted and took out tiger poison Gu.

 This rank three tiger poison Gu was one of the three Gu he chose in the first stage of the dream realm. Once activated, it could emit tiger poison.

 Tiger poison Gu was like a black scorpion, but its head had golden markings that resembled the character for ‘king’.

 It came out of the white silver aperture and started absorbing the poison that was all over the ground.

 Soon, the poison was completely absorbed by it, and its body was slightly enlarged.

 With a shift of Meng Qiu Zhen’s will, tiger poison Gu obediently flew back into his aperture.

 “The first stage had many poison Gu. Like snake poison Gu, dove poison Gu, bee poison Gu, and so on. Against the thousand beast king level black bear, bee poison Gu, which is restrained by bear physique, should never be selected. Snake poison Gu and dove poison Gu have rather slow effects. Only tiger poison Gu is specialized in dealing with this kind of large beast and its effect takes place quickly as well. Moreover, when used with poison liquid Gu, tiger poison can change form and become extremely practical in battle.”

 In the fight with the black bear king, Meng Qiu Zhen used poison liquid Gu and tiger poison Gu to form a poison liquid tiger.

 The poison liquid tiger was able to fight the black bear king head on, it greatly made up for Meng Qiu Zhen’s weakness in direct combat. Meng Qiu Zhen stayed at the back and continuously used poison path Gu worms to help the poison liquid tiger and claimed victory in the end.

 Naturally, tiger poison Gu also had its disadvantage.

 The disadvantage was quite big as well.

 There was a common saying that even tigers would not hurt their cubs, tiger poison Gu had no effect towards infantile targets.

 According to dream butterfly Immortal Gu’s information, Meng Qiu Zhen had already known in the first stage that the black bear was the final obstacle and also the most difficult one.

 He acted according to the conditions and selected the most crucial tiger poison Gu.

 “Tiger poison Gu’s toxicity and venom quantity has fallen greatly, even though I gathered the remaining poison after the battle.”

 “Tiger poison Gu needs time to recuperate, my overall power has decreased quite a bit. Fortunately, this is the final obstacle, and this is a dream realm, not the real wilderness.”

 “Huh? What happened?”

 Meng Qiu Zhen’s expression changed slightly.

 The second stage of the dream realm was still stable and did not disappear like he expected.

 “Is there still another obstacle? It can’t be. Dream butterfly Immortal Gu already scouted everything.”

 “Wait a moment, in the search before, there was also a mortal.”

 This mortal did not have Gu Master cultivation, so Meng Qiu Zhen did not think much of it. Maybe, if tiger poison Gu was not selected, the mortal would provide some help to the Gu cultivator exploring the dream realm.

 But now, Meng Qiu Zhen realized this mortal seemed to be a crucial factor.

 According to the gathered information, Meng Qiu Zhen naturally knew of this mortal’s location.

 He immediately moved towards the location.

 Halfway on his journey, his strength started decreasing rapidly.

 “What’s going on?” Meng Qiu Zhen immediately inspected himself and turned pale, “The plague has erupted! There were clearly about two more days left. Could it be, the battle with the black bear expended too much of my energy, and my body is unable to bear it so the plague erupted earlier?”

 This plague was specific to mushroommen, once it erupted, mushrooms would grow all over the body.

 The bigger the mushrooms grew, the more vitality they would extract from the mushroommen.

 The plague broke out so violently that when Meng Qiu Zhen discovered it, he was already sapped of his strength and collapsed on the ground.

 “Is this dream realm exploration going to end here?”

 “I haven’t even seen Paradise Earth’s face.”

 To help the main body’s plan of constructing earth vein, Meng Qiu Zhen started the exploration of Paradise Earth’s dream realm ahead of time.

 “No, I still have hope.”

 “Persevere, I must persevere, this place is not that far from that mortal’s location.”

 Although Meng Qiu Zhen was powerless and could only lie on the ground, it had not reached the worst situation yet. At least, he had strength to breath and could use the Gu worms in his aperture.

 He immediately activated a healing Gu worm and started delaying for time.

 The healing Gu could not cure the root problem and only lessened the threat of the plague. But its effect was minimal like a child trying to stop a car.

 “Damn it, the battle with the black bear king expended over half of my primeval essence. My primeval essence will be used up soon.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen was forced into a predicament again.

 But right at this time, he heard rustling noises.

 “It’s that mortal’s footsteps. Good!” Meng Qiu Zhen’s eyes shone as he used all his strength to shout: “Help… help…”



***
Chapter 2144 Pulling Mushrooms


***





 



 Even though he used all his strength to shout, Meng Qiu Zhen’s voice was still faint.

 “Who is asking for help?” A mortal girl pushed aside the brambles and came to the place.

 “Here, look below…” Meng Qiu Zhen spoke, his voice so faint that it was like a whisper.

 The mortal girl did not hear him, mumbling: “Did I hear wrongly? Sigh, it is getting late, I need to quickly gather mushrooms and sell them in Tu clan village. Eh? There are so many mushrooms here!”

 The mortal girl saw Meng Qiu Zhen.

 But right now, Meng Qiu Zhen’s body was already covered with mushrooms.

 The mortal girl squatted and started picking the mushrooms on Meng Qiu Zhen’s body.

 Every mushroom she picked, the cause of Meng Qiu Zhen’s falling vitality would decrease by one.

 His illness was alleviated rapidly and his strength slowly recovered.

 “That’s right, there are still two days before my illness truly breaks out. For now at least, my life should be safe!”

 Meng Qiu Zhen quickly realized.

 He then spoke: “Girl, the mushrooms on my body are delicious, it doesn’t matter if you pluck them all.”

 The mortal girl jumped from shock.

 “Don’t be afraid, I am also a person. It was me who asked for help earlier, thank you for saving me, kind girl.”

 “But I did not do anything.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen gave a forced smile: “Pluck all the mushrooms from my body and that will be saving me. These mushrooms are harmful to us mushroommen, but they are harmless and even beneficial to other races.”

 The girl was shocked before smiling: “So you are a mushroomman, I have heard rumors about you guys since I was a child, the rumors said you were gentle and never harmed people. I had never seen a living mushroomman before I met you.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen quickly said: “Pick the mushrooms quickly, I can’t last much longer.”

 The girl’s hands were nimble, she rapidly picked the mushrooms from Meng Qiu Zhen’s body.

 He was out of the hopeless situation and rescued from the brink of failure.

 “There is still one last mushroom!” The girl said seriously.

 “Wait.” Meng Qiu Zhen’s expression changed, “You don’t need to pick that mushroom — ahhh!”

 The girl blinked her pure eyes and her face reddened slightly: “I can’t pull it out, does it hurt?”

 Meng Qiu Zhen was pale as he took a sharp breath: “Don’t pull it.”

 But the girl shook her head, saying stubbornly: “That won’t do, mushroomman big brother, you said it earlier, I need to pick all the mushrooms from your body for you to be cured.”

 “Don’t, don’t, don’t… ahhh!”

 The girl pulled up her sleeves, showing an extremely serious and cute expression: “Hmph, I don’t believe I can’t pull it out!”

 Meng Qiu Zhen: “Ahhughhh—!”

 …

 Amidst the miserable cries of Meng Qiu Zhen, the second stage was finally passed.

 His sight changed from a chaotic whirlpool of colors to gradually clearing up.

 This was a bustling and busy market with people walking everywhere.

 “This is Tu clan village?” Behind Meng Qiu Zhen, the mushroomman Huang Xiao Mi, who was covered tightly, said in a low voice.

 Meng Qiu Zhen’s mind shook slightly.

 In the previous two stages, he had played the role of Huang Xiao Mi, but in this third stage, his identity was actually changed.

 This situation was not common.

 Meng Qiu Zhen quickly inspected himself.

 “Huh, I became that human girl.” Meng Qiu Zhen sighed inwardly.

 Huang Xiao Mi’s strength was barely enough, and now, Meng Qiu Zhen was a mortal, a young girl at that.

 The change in identity caused Meng Qiu Zhen to feel some doubts.

 What was the main mission in this Paradise Earth dream realm?

 In the previous two stages, he had Huang Xiao Mi’s identity and had estimated the dream realm’s main mission was to save the mushroomman tribe by curing the plague.

 But now that his identity changed, Meng Qiu Zhen immediately felt his speculation wavering intensely.

 “No matter what, since Huang Xiao Mi followed the human girl into Tu clan village, I should still try to help Huang Xiao Mi to find the mushroomman witch.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen decided to continue following the previous trail.

 “Fang Tu, you came? Quick, the position beside me is very good, take it quickly. The evening market is not like the morning market, it only lasts for a short period of time.” A middle-aged uncle waved at Meng Qiu Zhen.

 “Thank you, uncle.” Meng Qiu Zhen thought for a bit and placed her basket filled with mushrooms at the space beside the uncle.

 Huang Xiao Mi silently helped Meng Qiu Zhen set up the mushrooms.

 The middle-aged uncle took a glance and exclaimed: “These mushrooms are really fresh.”

 “Naturally.” Huang Xiao Mi said proudly.

 The middle-aged uncle’s gaze moved towards him: “This is?”

 “This is my distant relative, he came to help me.” Meng Qiu Zhen quickly replied.

 The middle-aged uncle did not ask anymore, the evening market had already started, crowds of people were moving around and everyone was busy.

 Some were busy buying, some were busy selling.

 The traded goods were all mortal materials like mushrooms, vegetables, bean cakes, and so on. This was a mortal market and had daily necessities. There were no transactions of Gu worms, unless a merchant caravan passed through Tu clan village.

 After about five minutes, the crowd began to grow sparse.

 At this time, sounds of disturbance came from ahead.

 “Step aside, step aside!”

 “Move aside, can’t you see Lord Green Beast is here?”

 A young man shouted, five to six people were pushing through the narrow pavement.

 Everywhere they went, pedestrians made way in fear and nervousness, while some even showed disdain and hatred inwardly.

 “Fang Tu, hide quickly. Don’t let that ‘beast’ see you.” The middle-aged uncle quickly reminded.

 “Ah?” Meng Qiu Zhen was dazed.

 “Lady Fang Tu!” At the next moment, the leader of the group, the bald youngster, shouted. His eyes let out a sneaky light as he noticed Meng Qiu Zhen from far away.

 “What’s going on?” Meng Qiu Zhen narrowed his eyes as he saw the bald youngster walking towards him with quick steps.

 The bald youngster had thick brows and large eyes but had not even a single hair on his head; instead, there was a tattoo of a green beast on his head.

 The bald youngster rubbed his green beast tattoo and smiled widely: “Lady Fang Tu, you are selling mushrooms again. I want to buy them.”

 “Oh?” Meng Qiu Zhen was inwardly vigilant while asking, “How much do you want to buy?”

 The bald youngster raised a finger: “I want to buy one kilogram. Help me pick the big and good ones.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen began to pick the mushrooms.

 “This is good, hmm, that one is also good, I want them.” The bald youngster nicknamed ‘Green Beast’ pointed here and there.

 “Eh, I told you, I want this one and that one!” The bald youngster said.

 “Which ones do you want?” Meng Qiu Zhen frowned, sensing that the young man seemed to be toying with him.

 The bald youngster grinned: “Forget it, Sister Fang, let me help you, we will choose together.”

 The bald youngster acted immediately.

 “Soft, so soft.” He chose several mushrooms and said.

 Meng Qiu Zhen replied: “These are all fresh, I picked them just today.”

 “Smooth, so smooth.” The bald youngster praised again.

 Meng Qiu Zhen slowly looked up and said with a frown: “You are touching my hand!”

 “Ah, sorry, sorry.” The bald youngster laughed.

 Meng Qiu Zhen opened his eyes wide: “You are still touching?!”

 “Accident, it was an accident!”

 Meng Qiu Zhen was speechless, he was actually being molested!

 “Pfft, shameless guy, actually molesting an innocent girl in broad daylight!” Huang Xiao Mi could not endure it anymore, he shouted.

 “Who are you? Why are you standing beside my Lady Fang!” The bald youngster was immediately provoked and stared at Huang Xiao Mi.

 The two started arguing, sparks seemed to be flying in the air.

 “This is the limit of dream butterfly Immortal Gu.” Meng Qiu Zhen sighed inwardly.

 Dream butterfly Immortal Gu could inspect the details of the next event of the dream realm, but it could not inspect what the owner of Dream Butterfly would encounter.

 Because the changes in the dream realm would occur when the Gu cultivator entered and interacted with the dream realm.

 Meng Qiu Zhen had already inspected the bald youngster and this Tu clan village’s market in the previous stage. But he was unable to know what he would encounter specifically in advance.

 The two argued in front of Meng Qiu Zhen, their argument got increasingly heated to the point of nearly exchanging blows.

 Meng Qiu Zhen was just about to persuade them to stop when a flash of inspiration hit him, and he kept quiet.

 “Ugh, I am getting angry! Brat, you are looking for a beating!!” The bald youngster suddenly rubbed his head and attacked.

 “Hmph, who is afraid of you!” Huang Xiao Mi did not show weakness, attacking immediately.

 The two started fighting.

 “Don’t fight, don’t fight.” Meng Qiu Zhen called out while retreating. He was in a mortal body now, and had no ability to interfere in a Gu Master’s battle.

 But fortunately, be it Huang Xiao Mi or the bald youngster, they both cared about Meng Qiu Zhen.

 When Meng Qiu Zhen retreated to a safe distance, they started using Gu cultivator methods.

 After several rounds, Huang Xiao Mi was clearly at a disadvantage and was not the bald youngster’s match.

 “This ruffian is really strong!” Meng Qiu Zhen was slightly surprised. He was well aware of Huang Xiao Mi’s strength, after he acted as the latter in the first and second stage of the dream realm.

 But he did not expect the bald youngster to be so strong, he had already suppressed Huang Xiao Mi.

 “Wait a second, you are not a human, you are a variant human.” The bald youngster suddenly called out.

 In the heat of the battle, Huang Xiao Mi’s identity was exposed.

 “Amazing, you spy, what are you trying to do by entering my Tu clan village? You definitely have bad intentions! Hahaha, I am going to make a great contribution!”

 The bald youngster continued to shout: “Attack him together, he is a mushroomman, we don’t have to uphold the moral of humanity against such a person!”

 “Despicable! If you are a man, fight me alone!” Huang Xiao Mi was heavily outnumbered and captured, but he was still shouting indignantly.

 “Hahaha. I will be Tu clan’s hero by catching you!” The bald youngster laughed, kicking the bound Huang Xiao Mi, “Just lie still, you variant human.”

 After saying this, the bald youngster ran towards Meng Qiu Zhen and asked in concern: “Sister Fang, are you alright? You definitely had no idea or were forced by this mushroomman. Haha, how will you thank me now?”



***
Chapter 2145 Being a Bystander


***





 



 Meng Qiu Zhen shook his head, saying in an impatient tone: “Brother Mi is a good person…”

 The bald youngster interrupted him, shouting hurriedly: “As expected, the scheming mushroomman threatened Lady Fang. Let’s go and report to the elders. Move!”

 Under everyone’s gaze, Meng Qiu Zhen went with the flow and entered Tu clan village with the bald youngster, Huang Xiao Mi, and the rest.

 On the way, the bald youngster reminded Meng Qiu Zhen softly: “Sister Fang, you need to report properly, otherwise you might be implicated as well. Variant humans like this mushroomman are vicious things, he is already sure to die!”

 Meng Qiu Zhen did not respond.

 The tied Huang Xiao Mi shouted: “That’s right, I deceived Fang Tu and threatened her. You are creating a huge trouble for your Tu clan by capturing me! Someone will definitely come to save me.”

 Huang Xiao Mi was saved by Fang Tu, he clearly did not want to implicate his benefactor, thus saying this intentionally.

 The bald youngster led Huang Xiao Mi to Tu clan village’s prison, and received praises from Tu clan village’s elders.

 After everyone left, the bald youngster invited Meng Qiu Zhen to his home: “It is already late, Sister Fang, come to my home to have dinner and stay for the night. Back when we were neighbors, we used to play together. My mother will also be very happy if she sees you!”

 “So this ‘Green Beast’ had this kind of relationship with Fang Tu?” Meng Qiu Zhen nodded and let the plot develop.

 Soon, Meng Qiu Zhen followed the bald youngster to his home.

 This was an ordinary two-storied bamboo building.

 Only the bald youngster and his mother lived here.

 The bald youngster opened the door to the kitchen and said loudly: “Mother, look who I brought?”

 “Ahh, Little Fang. I haven’t seen you for many days. Are your parents okay?” The bald youngster’s mother was very enthusiastic.

 “They are both fine, thank you, auntie.” Meng Qiu Zhen said half-heartedly.

 The bald youngster’s mother nodded, smiling: “Little Fang is here as a guest, take a seat, I will prepare some dishes.”

 The bald youngster said impatiently: “Mother, you should prepare more delicious food. This meal will be your son’s celebration feast as well.”

 “You brat, what have you done this time?” The bald youngster’s mother frowned.

 The bald youngster patted his chest: “Mother, your son made a huge contribution this time! I arrested a mushroomman and locked him in prison.”

 “What?” The bald youngster’s mother paused.

 The bald youngster quickly narrated the event.

 The bald youngster’s mother frowned as she looked at Meng Qiu Zhen: “Little Fang, this brat likes to talk nonsense, is what he said true?”

 “Yes.” Meng Qiu Zhen nodded before adding: “But big brother Huang Xiao Mi is a good person. I…”

 Before he finished speaking, he was once again interrupted by the bald youngster: “Alright, Sister Fang, I have warned you several times. You can say this at home, but don’t talk about it outside.”

 “Okay, okay.” The bald youngster’s mother waved her hand, “Brat, there is no more soy sauce left. Go to the nearby shop and get some soy sauce.”

 “Ah?”

 “Hurry up and go, how can I make food without soy sauce?”

 “Oh, alright, alright.”

 After the bald youngster left, his mother walked towards Meng Qiu Zhen: “Come, Little Fang, tell auntie what is going on?”

 The dream realm’s third stage passed like this.

 Fourth stage.

 Deep in the night, underground prison.

 “My identity changed again?” When Meng Qiu Zhen came to his senses, he immediately realized this.

 He had left the mortal Fang Tu’s identity and become a Gu Master again; moreover, his cultivation was rank four!

 “I am actually the bald youngster’s mother now?” Meng Qiu Zhen shortly discovered that the bald youngster’s mother was actually a mushroomman.

 Meng Qiu Zhen immediately had a guess: “My current identity is probably that Huang Wan.”

 This dream realm originated from Paradise Earth, what was special about it was the identities in the different stages of the dream realm were not fixed.

 “I might even play the role of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable in the next dream realm.” Meng Qiu Zhen smiled.

 Till now, he had not seen even the shadow of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.

 In the first stage of the dream realm, Meng Qiu Zhen learned that Huang Xiao Mi’s mushroomman tribe had a former witch - Huang Wan. She had great strength and was the only doctor that might be able to cure the plague.

 However, he knew from the old granny that this former witch Huang Wan was expelled from the tribe for some reason.

 “This mushroomman Huang Wan concealed her identity and lived in Tu clan village, a human territory. She even adopted a human child to perfectly conceal her identity. If that bald youngster knew his ‘mother’ was actually a mushroomman, I wonder what expression he would show?”

 Meng Qiu Zhen laughed.

 He used a very short period of time to get familiar with the Gu worms on him.

 The Gu worms were comprehensive, covering attack, defense, movement, healing, and other aspects. Meng Qiu Zhen intuitively sensed some of these Gu worms could combine to form a mortal killer move.

 Unfortunately, the situation now did not allow Meng Qiu Zhen to test the killer move or its possible combination.

 “The third stage already gave obvious clues. Although this mushroomman Huang Wan was expelled from the tribe, her heart is with the tribe. She immediately moved during the night to save Huang Xiao Mi.”

 “I must move quickly!”

 Meng Qiu Zhen immediately went deeper into the underground prison.

 The structure of the underground prison was simple and clear.

 Very soon, he saw Huang Xiao Mi, who was tied to the wall in the deepest part of the prison.

 Meng Qiu Zhen used his Gu worms, silently melting the lock on the prison door.

 “Huang Xiao Mi, wake up.” Meng Qiu Zhen walked towards Huang Xiao Mi and was about to inspect his condition.

 Suddenly, ‘Huang Xiao Mi’ detonated, turning into ash that covered Meng Qiu Zhen.

 Shortly after, alarm bells rang and guards started shouting.

 The whole prison started emitting dark-yellow light. The concealed Gu formation was activated.

 “Oh no, it is a trap!” Meng Qiu Zhen helplessly discovered that ‘Huang Xiao Mi’ had completely disappeared.

 He hurriedly retreated, using poison Gu to corrode the Gu formation but it showed little effect.

 “Such guts! Breaking into my Tu clan’s jail!”

 “It is indeed like that captive said, someone came to save him. Hmph! Surrender quietly and we might spare your life!”

 Two elders with similar faces like they were twins were transported by the Gu formation and arrived in front of Meng Qiu Zhen.

 Meng Qiu Zhen sneered as he started the fight.

 The battle lasted for sixty rounds before he was defeated and captured by the two elders.

 The dream realm dissipated.

 “I failed.” Meng Qiu Zhen’s soul returned to his body as he sighed.

 Paradise Earth’s dream realm was not easy to explore, but Meng Qiu Zhen had plenty of experience, he reached the fourth stage before failing.

 His soul was quite injured, Meng Qiu Zhen began to think about the events while healing his soul.

 “Those two elders are really strong! They both have rank four cultivation, and they have extremely good teamwork when fighting, like they are one person.”

 “Not only do I have to fight those two elders, I also have to deal with the Gu formation. It is quite straining.”

 “Naturally, there is another important reason, I am not familiar with poison path Gu worms. I should use this time to deduce the hidden poison path killer moves.”

 “Hmm, there is another reason as well…”

 Meng Qiu Zhen reflected on himself and realized he had been fretful in the dream realm.

 Although that fake Huang Xiao Mi deceived his initial detection methods, if he was in his normal mental state, he would not have rashly entered the prison, and would have used Gu worms to inspect the situation once again.

 “At that time, Huang Wan’s mood was extremely anxious and I was unknowingly affected by it, clouding my judgment.”

 There were emotional disturbances in the previous three stages as well, but they were all suppressed by Meng Qiu Zhen.

 At the fourth stage, the dream realm’s emotions would naturally be deeper than the third stage.

 This was also one of the difficulties of exploring dream realms.

 Using this time, Meng Qiu Zhen deduced five poison path killer moves which were mostly based on bee poison Gu.

 Entering the dream realm again, Meng Qiu Zhen inspected patiently this time.

 He made an astonishing discovery: Not only was Huang Xiao Mi fake, the whole underground prison was also fake.

 “This is a fake prison, the real prison is still below. The Gu formation’s main body is also below!”

 Meng Qiu Zhen carefully entered the real underground prison.

 Tu clan village’s real underground prison was unexpectedly complicated and extensive!

 The underground prison was like an ant nest, it was filled with thousands of paths intersecting each other, Meng Qiu Zhen felt like he had entered a maze.

 “The whole mountain seems to have been dug and made into a prison.”

 “This Tu clan village is clearly an ordinary force, but it was actually able to do this?”

 “No, there is a trace of Earth Tunnel here!”

 Meng Qiu Zhen was probing carefully and soon discovered traces of one of the ten earths, Earth Tunnel.

 “This mountain must be of famous mountain level, it contains a natural Earth Tunnel. Tu clan village just slightly developed the Earth Tunnel and was able to gain a large amount of resources. No wonder they were able to nurture two rank four elders.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen was moving everywhere in the prison.

 The underground prison was mostly empty, and there were more beasts than mortals locked up in it.

 Meng Qiu Zhen was still unable to find any clues even after some time. The dream realm had exhausted a large amount of his soul foundation by now.

 “Those two Gu Masters!” Meng Qiu Zhen suddenly heard the sounds of Gu cultivators traveling through the Earth Tunnel from ahead.

 He quickly moved aside and hid.

 Swish, swish.

 The two Gu Masters slipped out from the Earth Tunnel.

 “The two rank four elders.” Meng Qiu Zhen was observing secretly, and immediately recognized them.

 They were all along in the underground prison, so they were able to reach the fake prison immediately in the previous situation.

 The two elders talked while moving.

 “This mushroomman is quite tight-lipped, he actually endured such cruel torture!”

 “Even if he does not say it, we are already aware that a mushroomman tribe has been hiding in the surroundings of Tu clan village. It is just that we don’t know the specific location.”

 “Right, we must obtain the specific location of the mushroomman tribe from this captive and eliminate them!”

 “In a few days, we will be able to remove the defensive methods on his soul. At that time, we will know everything by searching his soul.”

 The title is literally translated as buying soy sauce.



***
Chapter 2146 Prison Break


***





 



 The two elders gradually stopped, entering another tunnel as they moved along instead.

 The two of them rapidly left the place.

 Meng Qiu Zhen’s eyes twitched.

 The scene in front of him reminded him of certain memories in his mind.

 “In the five hundred years of the main body’s previous life, during the five regions chaotic war, a super clan known as Tu clan emerged in Southern Border. Their Gu Immortals were most skilled at digging tunnels and using them to launch sneak attacks in battle. Does this have anything to do with this Tu village?”

 There were several possibilities regarding this.

 Firstly, Tu village’s inheritance was excavated by someone. Secondly, Tu village’s bloodline was spread by descendants, they rose to become immortal during the era of abundant dream realms, or they were simply secluded Gu Immortals. Thirdly, Tu village’s members revived in Tomb Earth.

 Meng Qiu Zhen successfully found his way to Huang Xiao Mi after following the route of the two rank four elders.

 Huang Xiao Mi was curled up in a corner of the cell, having fallen asleep.

 This time, Meng Qiu Zhen investigated carefully, after finding out that there were no traps here, he entered the prison cell.

 He immediately found that Huang Xiao Mi was in poor shape, at the brink of death.

 Huang Xiao Mi had the mushroomman plague to begin with, it was quite fatal. If one had insufficient resistance, they would die.

 Today, he first fought against the bald youngster before getting interrogated by the two elders, his entire body was overgrown with mushrooms.

 If Meng Qiu Zhen did not arrive in time, he would die in just a few more breaths of time.

 Meng Qiu Zhen sighed to himself, it was a close shave, if he came later, this dream realm exploration would have failed entirely.

 He immediately tried to save Huang Xiao Mi, thankfully, he was prepared for this.

 The mushrooms on Huang Xiao Mi’s body continued to shrink until all of them went back into his body.

 “Who are you?” Huang Xiao Mi was barely able to open his eyes, his vision was still blurred.

 Meng Qiu Zhen answered immediately: “I am Huang Wan, I have already used a killer move to suppress the mushroomman plague in your body. Your situation is dire, your life force is almost depleted. I cannot pull out the mushrooms casually as it will consume your life as well.”

 Huang Xiao Mi immediately thanked: “Thank you for saving my life, senior.”

 “Sigh, it is still too early to say that. Let’s go out, I need to research on this plague. You don’t have much time left.” Meng Qiu Zhen said.

 He had not created a poison path killer move that could heal Huang Xiao Mi’s illness yet.

 However, the next scene might request for him to heal this mushroomman plague.

 Naturally, that was just his guess.

 While searching for Huang Xiao Mi earlier, Meng Qiu Zhen did not have a chance to activate dream butterfly Immortal Gu, thus he did not know what the following scenes would be.

 “You need to persevere, let’s go.” Meng Qiu Zhen helped Huang Xiao Mi to get up as they left together.

 But halfway through, they met the bald youngster.

 “Stand there! As expected, someone came to save you.” The bald youngster shouted.

 The two elders were behind him as well, they were furious and shocked.

 “Such guts! Vicious thief, you dare to break into the prison!”

 “Quickly activate the formation, capture this person as well.”

 Once he said that, the Gu formation activated, the two elders fought while the bald youngster assisted them.

 Meng Qiu Zhen sighed internally as he fought against them.

 He had many poison path killer moves, they were evenly matched after fighting for some time.

 But soon, the bald youngster saw a weakness and attacked Huang Xiao Mi instead.

 Huang Xiao Mi could not resist, he was a huge burden to Meng Qiu Zhen.

 Meng Qiu Zhen had to grit his teeth as he helped Huang Xiao Mi time and again. Eventually, he lost the initiative and got suppressed by the two elders.

 In the end, Huang Xiao Mi was killed by the bald youngster, dying on the spot.

 “All variant human mushroommen deserve to get killed!” The bald youngster shouted with a righteous tone, filled with excitement.

 At the next moment, the dream realm shattered.

 Meng Qiu Zhen returned to the sovereign immortal aperture, healing himself while collating his insights about the dream.

 “I used dream butterfly Immortal Gu earlier to investigate this dream realm but I did not find the bald youngster. To think that after exploring this dream realm to a degree, it would develop on its own and create new characters.”

 “Why did the bald youngster come to the prison?”

 “From his tone, he seemed to have discovered my traces, what method did he use to find me?”

 “Unless, he already found out about the secret of his identity, he knows that his ‘mother’ is a mushroomman variant human? So he went along with the flow?”

 After his injuries were healed, Meng Qiu Zhen went back into the dream realm with several questions to answer.

 The route did not change, Meng Qiu Zhen arrived at the prison cell in advance.

 He lurked at a corner and watched as Huang Xiao Mi was beaten and interrogated by the two elders.

 These elders had outstanding strength, more importantly, they had the help of the Gu formation, Meng Qiu Zhen did not want to use brute force.

 After two failures and accumulating experience, his own strength already surpassed the original Huang Wan. But his greatest weakness was still Huang Xiao Mi.

 His earlier failures already proved that as long as Huang Xiao Mi died, the dream realm would fail.

 It seemed that this scene of the dream realm required him to save Huang Xiao Mi successfully.

 Meng Qiu Zhen waited patiently, after the two elders left, he immediately went to Huang Xiao Mi’s side.

 Not waking him up first, Meng Qiu Zhen directly used the poison path killer move to get rid of the mushroomman plague in Huang Xiao Mi’s body.

 Next, Meng Qiu Zhen woke Huang Xiao Mi up.

 Huang Xiao Mi found out that his illness was cured, he was overjoyed: “Thank you senior! Please save the mushroomman tribe, many of our members are afflicted with this plague.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen nodded, giving Huang Xiao Mi some poison path Gu so that he had some battle strength.

 Huang Xiao Mi did not need Meng Qiu Zhen’s help, he was barely able to walk on his own as they sneaked out.

 But this time, the bald youngster still found them along the way.

 “Stand there! As expected, someone came to save you.” The bald youngster was very excited.

 Meng Qiu Zhen had a peculiar expression as he asked: “I used many methods to conceal my traces, how did you find us?”

 The bald youngster chuckled: “I’m not afraid to tell you, with my genius talent, I created a move called earthly underground qi. After I captured this mushroomman, I secretly used this tracing killer move, how can you get rid of it in such a rush?”

 “Not bad, even though you are an external member of the clan, you have some talent.”

 “Very good, all thanks to you, we found this problem today. This is your merit.”

 The two rank four elders looked at the bald youngster in a renewed light.

 “Thank you, lords!” The bald youngster was very excited, he had the demeanor of a lackey: “I will do my best.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen: “…”

 After an intense battle, Huang Xiao Mi still died in battle.

 Meng Qiu Zhen failed his third exploration.

 After deep analysis and deductions, he went into the fourth exploration.

 This time, he sneaked in early and hid in a corner. After the two elders left, he immediately entered the prison cell, healing Huang Xiao Mi’s illness and even giving him healing Gu worms.

 “Wait here and heal yourself continuously, do not step out of the cell. There is a tracking method on you, if you try to get out, the enemy will find out.” Meng Qiu Zhen instructed: “After I kill the crucial Gu Masters, when you see this healing Gu worm fly in the air, get out and escape.”

 Huang Xiao Mi was very obedient, he nodded: “I will listen to senior’s instructions.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen made the optimal arrangements and left the cell.

 At the other side, with the development of the dream realm, the bald youngster appeared.

 He was summoned by the two elders and made his way to them but was suddenly attacked by Meng Qiu Zhen.

 “Hmm?!” Even though the bald youngster had great strength, he was not Meng Qiu Zhen’s match, not to mention that Meng Qiu Zhen had prepared for this assault.

 The bald youngster died on the spot.

 But Meng Qiu Zhen found that he could not move, an intense feeling of sadness, guilt, and regret overwhelmed his heart, he found that he lost control of his body.

 “What is going on?”

 “It seems that I cannot kill the bald youngster?”

 “Maybe because they lived together for so long, the mushroomman Huang Wan had already treated him as her real son.”

 The feeling was so intense that even with Meng Qiu Zhen’s fortitude, he could not suppress it.

 Mushroomman Huang Wan shuddered as tears flowed down her cheeks, it could not be stopped.

 Clank clank clank…

 Alarm bells suddenly rang, the Gu formation was activated as the two elders found their way to Meng Qiu Zhen.

 They must have gotten suspicious after waiting for the bald youngster for so long, they came over to check.

 Eventually, Meng Qiu Zhen’s exploration failed as well.

 “So this guy cannot be killed either?” Meng Qiu Zhen was troubled.

 Because he could not unravel and dispel that earthly underground qi killer move.

 Even though it was a mortal killer move, Meng Qiu Zhen did not know what Gu worms were used in it. And more importantly, even if he knew, could the Gu worms on him achieve such an effect?

 “If only I knew how many Gu worms the bald youngster had. It is a pity I have already lost the opportunity to find out.”

 In the third scene, Fang Yuan’s identity was Fang Tu. If he tried to investigate, with the bald youngster’s affection for her, he should have gotten some clues.

 Earlier, when Fang Tu sold mushrooms, the bald youngster flirted with her, it was a great opportunity.

 But back then, Meng Qiu Zhen had not thought of this.

 Because dream butterfly Immortal Gu did not let him see this scene. Back then, the bald youngster did not exist in this scene in the first place, the dream realm changed on its own after saving Huang Xiao Mi, causing the bald youngster to appear.

 Now, after reaching this scene, the earlier ones had vanished already.

 After deep consideration, Meng Qiu Zhen went into the dream realm again.

 This time, he did not enter the cell directly and wait there.

 Getting there early was useless.

 Meng Qiu Zhen had to wait for the elders to leave before he could try and save Huang Xiao Mi.

 Meng Qiu Zhen set up some arrangements on the route that the elders would take instead.

 He used create dream Immortal Gu to establish a complicated tunnel along the way.

 After making his arrangement, Meng Qiu Zhen came to the prison cell, the two elders had just left.

 He immediately saved Huang Xiao Mi but did not leave him in the cell, bringing him away directly.

 The two elders were just about to meet up with the bald youngster but they lost their way.

 With this crucial gap in time, Meng Qiu Zhen successfully brought Huang Xiao Mi away.

 During this period, the bald youngster chased them and wanted to stop them.

 But Meng Qiu Zhen did not kill this troublesome guy, instead making him faint on the spot. After stopping Huang Xiao Mi from taking revenge, he successfully passed the scene of the dream realm.



***
Chapter 2147 War


***





 



 The Gu Masters reacted and quickly retreated.

 Meng Qiu Zhen stomped on the ground with a loud sound, a hole immediately appeared below him.

 A Gu Master was caught off guard, he fell into the trap.

 “Wanting to restrict me with this method?” He was just about to fly out of the pit, when Meng Qiu Zhen held a huge rock that was the size of a horse carriage and tossed it down.

 “Don’t…”

 Boom!

 The huge rock crashed down and sent the Gu Master into the pit, losing all signs of life. From below the rock, bright red blood started to spread into a puddle.

 “What are you doing? Are you crazy!”

 “You are actually attacking our own clan member, a Tu clansman?”

 The remaining two Gu Masters watched this as their hearts jumped intensely.

 “Aren’t you guys indignant?” Meng Qiu Zhen snickered as he approached.

 Even though the bald youngster had limited Gu worms, against Meng Qiu Zhen’s combat attainment, how could these mortal Gu Masters resist him?

 After a short while, they were all sprawling on the ground.

 “Stop it, stop it, we give up!” The Gu Masters pleaded in a hurry.

 The sixth scene of the dream realm.

 Meng Qiu Zhen became the mushroomman Huang Xiao Mi again.

 His injuries had healed already, the mushroomman plague was successfully healed through Huang Wan’s secret treatment.

 Huang Xiao Mi also obtained some poison path Gu from Huang Wan. Using these Gu to form killer moves, he could completely get rid of the plague that troubled his mushroomman tribe.

 Huang Xiao Mi moved stealthily in secret, trying to escape.

 The surroundings of Tu clan village had surveying Gu Masters that did patrols regularly.

 A group of rank two Gu Masters, with a total of five members, were moving in the forest.

 “Stop, we will rest here.” The leader suddenly extended his hand, instructing.

 The moment the group rested, a colorless and odorless poisonous gas spread towards them.

 Boom boom boom.

 The five Gu Masters fell on the ground, falling unconscious.

 “Huang Wan’s poison path killer move might only be effective against rank three and below Gu Masters, but it has no aura at all when used, it is very valuable in realistic situations.” Meng Qiu Zhen evaluated as he set off again.

 He could not kill these Tu clan Gu Masters, even though they could not resist him now.

 Once he killed them, Tu clan village would get alerted, they would chase after him.

 But a change happened before Meng Qiu Zhen’s very eyes.

 The dream realm suddenly changed, a Gu Master group led by the bald youngster met with Meng Qiu Zhen head on.

 “Variant human thief, you are still here? Stop there! Where are you trying to escape to?” The bald youngster was slightly stunned before shouting and chasing after him.

 “It seems that this happened in history as well.” Meng Qiu Zhen was helpless about this.

 Dream butterfly Immortal Gu could not detect such sudden changes in advance.

 In fact, even if he saw it, Meng Qiu Zhen could not do anything about this.

 No matter what route he chose, with the natural development of the dream realm, the bald youngster’s group would still meet up with Meng Qiu Zhen regardless.

 And looking at it from another perspective, this was a necessary event for this dream realm.

 Only by escaping from the bald youngster’s pursuit could he successfully pass this scene.

 An exciting chase and escape battle erupted between the two sides.

 The bald youngster chased while Huang Xiao Mi, who had recovered, did not waste time fighting him, he escaped while setting up traps, killing the rest of his group members.

 The bald youngster was the son of Huang Wan, to play safe, Meng Qiu Zhen did not attack him.

 Eventually, Meng Qiu Zhen successfully escaped.

 The bald youngster stood behind him without any hope of catching up, he shouted: “Mushroomman thief, I will remember you! One day, I will kill you!”

 Their grudges intensified.

 Seventh scene.

 Eighth scene.

 Ninth scene…

 Meng Qiu Zhen acted as the bald youngster ‘Green Beast’ at times, while acting as Huang Xiao Mi at other times.

 Using the poison path killer move that Huang Xiao Mi brought back, the mushroomman tribe successfully healed from the plague.

 But war ensued.

 Even though the location of the mushroomman tribe was not discovered, with Tu clan village’s rampant searches and investigation, they could not hide for long.

 The two sides started to send their Gu Masters to engage in small interactions and battles.

 The two sides suffered heavy losses, but because of that, champions appeared.

 Tu clan village had the bald youngster, who was Huang Wan’s adopted son. The mushroommen had Huang Xiao Mi, the tribesman of Huang Wan.

 The two interacted occasionally, fighting against each other frequently.

 Because of their contest, their strength grew rapidly, they reached rank four at the same time.

 On both sides, their clansmen and tribesmen died terribly at each others’ hands.

 They became the greatest enemies of each other’s lives!

 Finally, at the twelfth scene of the dream realm.

 Meng Qiu Zhen acted as Huang Xiao Mi, he set up a trap and sowed discord, causing Tu clan village’s higher-ups to feel wariness against the bald youngster.

 ‘Green Beast’ was not a Tu clansman after all, he was not truly one of them.

 The mushroommen set up a trap that did not seem obvious, it seemed to be the true gathering spot of the mushroomman tribe. Tu clan village immediately dispatched the bald youngster to go and probe them out.

 Even though the bald youngster knew that something was up, he was uncertain.

 After going and investigating, the bald youngster fell into a trap, he was in a life-and-death crisis.

 “Green Beast, today, you will die!” Huang Xiao Mi shouted, leading his troops to encircle and attack the humans who were lower in numbers.

 “Even if I die, I will drag down ten mushroommen with me to die together!” The bald youngster shouted.

 He was bathed in blood and covered in injuries but his morale was high, even the mushroommen attacking him realized that this person was a true warrior!

 Eventually, the bald youngster used up all his strength and primeval essence.

 He was all alone.

 Tens of mushroomman corpses were lying around him.

 “You variant humans will not live for long.”

 “Damn it, damn it!”

 “I want to kill my enemies, but I have no way of doing that anymore.”

 The bald youngster smiled coldly as he knelt on one knee, raising his head up with pride and arrogance.

 He shouted at Meng Qiu Zhen: “Huang Xiao Mi, come and kill me! Even if I die at your hands today, I have merely lost to the schemes of those Tu clan elders.”

 “You understood it after all.” Meng Qiu Zhen smiled coldly as he walked forward, ready to deal the final blow, but suddenly a change occurred.

 Huang Wan concealed her appearance and appeared suddenly, a wave of white poisonous smoke spread out, she saved the bald youngster successfully.

 But at the next moment, a human Gu Master who had rank five cultivation level made his move.

 Boom!

 With a loud sound, not only was the white smoke dispersed by the human Gu Master, everyone’s vision cleared up and he even obstructed Huang Wan from escaping.

 Huang Wan held onto the bald youngster as they landed at the periphery of the battlefield.

 “Village head!” The bald youngster was overjoyed when he saw the rank five human Gu Master, he also looked at the female Gu Master who saved him.

 From this female Gu Master, the bald youngster could sense a familiar yet foreign aura, he asked in curiosity: “Benefactor, who… are you?”



***
Chapter 2148 Le Tu


***





 



 At this time, Tu clan village’s Gu Masters appeared from all directions, surrounding all the mushroommen as well as Huang Wan and her son.

 The mushroommen fell into panic as they got encircled.

 Huang Xiao Mi shouted: “Don’t panic! I have already requested for help from the tribe, they will arrive shortly. We need to persevere until then!”

 The mushroomman Gu Masters forced themselves to calm down.

 Tu clan village’s leader did not attack directly, he took a few steps forward and stared at Huang Wan with a complex gaze: “Wan Er, as expected, you came.”

 Huang Wan snorted coldly: “What do you want?”

 Once she said that, the bald youngster realized at once, his body and mind shook, gasping: “Mother?!”

 Her identity was exposed, Huang Wan got rid of her concealment and returned to her original appearance.

 “At this point in time, I can’t hide it from you anymore, little rascal.” Huang Wan looked at the bald youngster and sighed deeply with a melancholic expression.

 The mushroommen were all shocked.

 “This is… the previous generation witch?”

 “Why did our former witch save the human Gu Master Green Beast?”

 “From their conversation, it seems that they are mother and son?”

 “So Huang Wan was exiled from the tribe because she had an affair with Tu clan village’s head, they even had a son!!”

 The truth was unveiled before everyone, they quickly understood the whole situation from start to finish.

 “Mother! Are you really my mother? Are they speaking the truth?!” The bald youngster was so shocked he could not control himself.

 All along, he had lived as a pure human, to think that he was actually a mixed breed of human and mushroomman.

 Huang Wan sighed deeply: “They are all correct, I am sorry for hiding it from you for so long!”

 The bald youngster took in a deep breath as he stumbled back for a few steps, looking at Huang Wan with wide opened eyes.

 He had never seen his mother’s mushroomman form, with the truth of his identity exposed, he could not accept it so easily.

 Tu clan village’s head looked at the bald youngster deeply before turning his gaze to Huang Wan: “Wan Er, is he really our son? I did not expect that after leaving me back then, you would stay behind and lurk within Tu clan village. You even raised our son all alone, it has really been tough on you.”

 Huang Wan snorted coldly: “You are Tu clan village head, while I am the witch of the mushroomman tribe, we are destined to be separated. But our child is innocent, I only stayed in the village for a reason. That was because my son, a hybrid, will not be accepted by the tribe. Thus, all these years, I let him grow up in Tu clan village, eventually, I would reveal the truth to you and make you take him in.”

 Saying so, Huang Wan looked towards the bald youngster, saying gently: “Didn’t you ask me who your father was when you were young? Now you know. I had my own plans, but reality is often not under people’s control, today’s scene was something I did not anticipate. Child, no matter what, regardless of how much you hate me or your father, you need to remember something: People who live in this world, be it humans, variant humans, or mixed breeds, have to be happy and blissful, they should not dwell on grudges or hatred, a big heart will allow you to see a big world, thus, mother named you Le Tu .”

 Hearing this, Meng Qiu Zhen was shaken internally.

 “What, ‘Green Beast’ is Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable? He actually has mixed blood, but how can a mixed breed become one of the ten human venerables?!”

 “No wonder I felt such intense emotions after killing Le Tu as Huang Wan earlier, causing the exploration to fail.”

 “So it turns out my deductions were wrong, they really are mother and son!”

 “Mother, say no more.” Le Tu shook his head as he stepped backwards, looking at Huang Wan in disbelief: “How… are you a mushroomman?”

 Huang Wan’s heart jumped: “Ah Le, you lived among the humans since you were born, I know you cannot accept it immediately, but…”

 Boom!

 The ground behind Huang Wan cracked open as a Tu clan rank four elder came out and sneak attacked her.

 Huang Wan was caught off guard, she was sent flying as she spat out a mouthful of blood while in mid air.

 This Tu clan rank four elder did not have strength to chase her after using this move, he had a twisted expression: “Huang Wan! Back then, you saved Huang Xiao Mi, my brother died at your hands. For today, I practiced this cracked soil shattering life killer move for a long time, how does it feel? Hahaha.”

 “Mother!” Le Tu subconsciously ran towards Huang Wan.

 “Lady Huang Wan saved our mushroomman tribe from the plague, quickly save her!” Meng Qiu Zhen shouted too.

 “Too late, my fellow Tu clan village members, kill them all!” Tu clan village head shouted as he unleashed a barrage of attacks.

 The mushroomman Gu Masters quickly defended against their enemies, they were unable to care for anything else.

 “Lord village head!” Le Tu was anxious at the moment, he could not call that person his ‘father’, he defended Huang Wan as he looked at Tu clan village’s leader in disbelief.

 Le Tu was not a three year old, he was a veteran in war, he knew about people’s hearts. When the situation occurred earlier, Tu clan village’s leader had used words to distract Huang Wan, he used Le Tu to draw away her attention and kept the elder hidden so his sneak attack succeeded.

 “You made this decision after all!” Huang Wan stared at Tu clan village’s head, her former lover, with a cold expression.

 The situation was urgent, there was no time for healing. She quickly suppressed her injuries and stood up.

 “I am the head of Tu clan village, I am responsible for all the lives of my Tu clan village’s members. Moreover, culling variant humans is the righteous duty of all humans!” Tu clan village’s leader snorted as he attacked.

 “You have such a cruel and wicked heart!” Huang Wan screamed before pushing Le Tu aside, fighting against Tu clan village’s leader.

 Boom boom boom.

 The two fought with a huge commotion, the effects of their attacks spread out, causing unguarded Gu Masters to die continuously.

 Thus, the surrounding Gu Masters moved away, creating a huge space for these two to fight in.

 “Stop fighting!” Le Tu was anxious, he screamed in his anxiety and helplessness.

 His body was in poor condition, he could not join the fight now.

 “Ah Le, escape!” Huang Wan shouted.

 “Ah Le, you are a mixed blood but you are still my son. I’ve seen all your achievements so far, quickly come and help the village, these mushroommen deserve death!” Tu clan village’s leader shouted.

 “Stop fighting, stop fighting!” Le Tu’s entire body shook, he was completely lost at the moment.

 A dark light flashed in the eyes of Tu clan village’s leader as he thought of a plan.

 His cultivation level was higher than Huang Wan, with the latter injured from the sneak attack, Tu clan village’s leader had the upper hand, he controlled the situation.

 Tu clan village’s leader purposely forced Huang Wan to approach a certain Gu Master of Tu clan village.

 This Tu clan Gu Master unfortunately fell into Huang Wan’s attack range, but his cultivation level was only rank two.

 Huang Wan did not think much about it, her attack landed on this Tu clan Gu Master and killed him on the spot!

 “No!” Le Tu shouted, subconsciously running over.

 It turned out that this Tu clan Gu Master was his close ally, they had gone through dangerous situations many times in the past.

 “Go away, Ah Le!” Huang Wan saw that Le Tu charged in, she screamed with a pale expression.

 Tu clan village’s head used the chance to attack thrice, landing three attacks on her as she fainted on the spot.

 “Mother!” Le Tu shouted, using his body to block the leader’s path, protecting Huang Wan behind him: “Don’t harm my mother!”

 Tu clan village’s leader burst out with killing intent, he was about to attack when he suddenly heard some shouting from afar.

 “The mushroomman tribe’s reinforcements!”

 “Their tribe leader arrived too.”

 Tu clan village’s head squinted as he thought: “We came here stealthily without many people, but they are all elites, it is not worth losing them over these mushroommen. Moreover, so what if we win? As long as we cannot find the mushroomman tribe’s hideout, they will not lose against us.”

 Thinking so, Tu clan village’s head ordered: “Retreat.”

 “What are you thinking of doing?” Seeing Tu clan village’s head approach, the bald youngster called out nervously.

 Tu clan village head sighed as he showed a gentle expression on his face: “Le Tu, I will not attack you. You are my son after all, but your mother, she is a mushroomman.”

 “A variant human!” His voice suddenly became sharper and louder.

 “Do you want to side with the variant humans?!” Tu clan village’s head shouted again.

 Le Tu gritted his teeth but did not speak.

 “All these years, how many mushroommen have you killed? Do you think they will accept you if you side with them?” Tu clan village’s head smiled coldly.

 Le Tu snorted coldly, staring at Tu clan village’s head fiercely: “I want my mother to live! If you have any ill intentions towards her, I will not let you off.”

 Tu clan village’s head chuckled: “If you continue keeping her in that state, in just a while, she will die from her injuries.”

 “This…” Le Tu was completely lost at the moment.

 Tu clan village’s head suddenly attacked, causing Le Tu to faint, he brought both son and mother away.

 “Kill!”

 “Kill these humans!”

 “Bring Huang Wan back, she knows the secret of our tribe’s hideout!!”

 The mushroomman Gu Masters chased relentlessly.

 The Huang Xiao Mi that Meng Qiu Zhen was portraying also shouted among them, but he did not do anything.

 Because he had already used dream butterfly Immortal Gu to check the next scene.

 After the mushroomman Gu Masters failed in their pursuit, Meng Qiu Zhen arrived at the next scene.

 This time, he became Huang Wan again.

 His body was bound by chains that pierced through his bones, he had no primeval essence at all, he was completely out of strength.

 In the dark prison cell, the door was suddenly opened.

 Tu clan village’s head walked in.

 Meng Qiu Zhen squinted, from the situation of the previous scene, this was clearly an ambitious and formidable person!

 Tu clan village’s head smiled, he came prepared.

 “You know my objective, don’t be too rash to reject it. Let me show you this.” Tu clan village’s head took out an information path Gu worm.

 Immediately, a video played itself in the air, the scene within it was vivid and lively.

 In a well decorated room, Tu clan village’s head opened the door and met with Le Tu.

 “I heard from my subordinates that you are awake, I immediately came to meet you, my son.” Tu clan village’s head had a warm expression.

 Le Tu was covered in bandages, the moment he got out of bed, his body wavered as he fell back onto the bed.

 “How is my mother now?” Le Tu immediately asked in an urgent tone.

 These are the same characters as Paradise Earth, his later venerable title.



***
Chapter 2149 I Confess Everything


***





 



 Tu clan village head sighed deeply: “Your mother is a noble mother, for your sake, she took a huge risk and stayed within Tu clan village for so many years.”

 Tu clan village head’s tone suddenly changed: “But I cannot let her off, she is a mushroomman, a variant human!”

 “You are also clear about these mushroommen. Those of other races will have different motives, the best outcome for these mushroommen is death!”

 “But you are different, you are my son. You know that I have no other children, you are my only son!”

 “Ah Le, come and help me. Only I can accept you here, this Tu clan village is your home.”

 “As your father, I owe you a lot, I will do my best to make up to you in the future.”

 “After this huge battle, you have already accumulated sufficient credits. I know that you want the Tu surname, originally, the village would need to test you, but father will allow it now. From today onwards, you will be a true Tu clansman. With the new surname, you will no longer be Le Tu, you will be called Tu Le!”

 “Child, father is proud of you. This is your new life!”

 Le Tu laughed loudly, his voice was filled with mockery and sadness.

 The goal that he had always pursued was finally achieved, but he felt no sense of accomplishment or happiness.

 “I don’t want the Tu surname, I want to exchange for my mother’s life using all the contributions I’ve done for Tu clan village over these years!” Le Tu called out.

 But Tu clan village’s head had an expressionless face, he shook his head with a firm attitude.

 Le Tu gritted his teeth, blood flowing out from his teeth as he pointed at Tu clan village head: “If you kill my mother, I will not live alone. In fact, I will stake my life against yours!”

 “Ah Le!!” Tu clan village’s head shouted coldly.

 Le Tu did not speak, he stared at Tu clan village head fixedly.

 The atmosphere in the room became immensely tense.

 The father and son stared at each other with a deathly gaze, eventually, the expression of Tu clan village’s head changed.

 He shifted his sight towards the ceiling as he sighed deeply to himself.

 His sigh was filled with complex emotions. There was anger, hatred, helplessness, and sadness.

 Tu clan village’s head looked at Le Tu deeply as he said with deep emotions: “All these years, father did not discover you. I really owe you a lot, my son. If I had taken care of you, things would not have gotten to this stage.”

 “Never mind!”

 “Since it was my fault, I will satisfy your request.”

 “I will let your mother escape, but I will only let her go secretly.”

 “However, the mushroomman tribe needs to be eradicated, not a single one of them will be left!”

 “This is your father’s limit, it is also the greatest compromise I can give you as the head of Tu clan village. Ah Le, you need to understand my difficulties as well.”

 Le Tu’s expression was immediately moved, he gulped: “Village… village head, as long as you let my mother off, I don’t care about those mushroomman tribe members!”

 All these years, Le Tu had been fighting against the mushroomman tribe, they had immense grudges and mutual hatred.

 He only cared about Huang Wan after all.

 “Good child!” Tu clan village’s head was very excited, he patted Le Tu’s shoulders: “But I cannot let your mother go now. You know that even though we have the advantage, as long as we cannot find the mushroomman tribe’s location, we cannot obtain true victory.”

 “But your mother knows the location of the mushroomman tribe, she knows how to find them. Ah Le, I need your help, convince your mother to tell us this secret.”

 “I promise you, I assure you, as long as we eliminate the mushroomman tribe and get rid of this huge threat, I will let your mother off and she will live in peace for the rest of her life.”

 “This…” Le Tu hesitated.

 Even though he wanted to eliminate the mushroomman tribe, he understood that his mother had deep feelings for her tribe.

 Tu clan village’s head patted Le Tu’s shoulders, saying in a kind tone: “Father will not force you, think about it yourself. You are still injured, you need to recuperate. I will give you enough time to think, I believe in you!”

 The video ended here.

 Tu clan village’s head smiled coldly as he approached Huang Wan: “What do you think? Do you want your own son to come and convince you personally?”

 “Think about it, Wan Er.”

 “You can disregard your own life, but what about your son’s life?”

 “If our relationship really turns sour, neither of you will have a good ending.”

 “I may not kill him.”

 “But I just need to send him to fight on the front lines and kill all of your tribesmen, what do you think?”

 Meng Qiu Zhen looked at Tu clan village head with a look of appreciation: “Unscrupulous and shameless, you are quite something.”

 “Hahaha, a great person would not mind small sacrifices! Have you just found out about it, it is too late now!” Tu clan village head laughed loudly, but he felt that Huang Wan’s gaze was not normal.

 Meng Qiu Zhen nodded in a serious manner: “Exactly why I appreciate you.”

 As his laughter stopped abruptly, Tu clan village’s head could not believe what he had just heard: “What did you say?”

 Meng Qiu Zhen had a straightforward attitude, his gaze flickered: “Actually, you don’t have to go through the trouble, don’t you want to know the location of the tribe? I’ll tell you directly.”

 “What?” Tu clan village’s head was dazed.

 Meng Qiu Zhen shrugged.

 During this period, he used dream butterfly Immortal Gu to check the next scene, and the following one as well, he obtained crucial information.

 In the end, Tu clan village’s army attacks the headquarters of the mushroomman tribe, this meant that Tu clan village’s head would learn of the location of the mushroomman tribe eventually.

 In history, Huang Wan might not have exposed the location even after interrogation and torture, or after Tu clan village’s head threatened her using her son.

 But this was the dream realm, Huang Wan was not really Huang Wan, she was Meng Qiu Zhen.

 “Not only will I tell you the location of the tribe, I’ll even tell you that the tribe has a small secretive tunnel. You can send elites to attack it while the main troops are at the front.” Meng Qiu Zhen suggested.

 Tu clan village’s head had a look of deep disbelief and suspicion.

 The more cooperative Meng Qiu Zhen was, the less he believed in the words that were said.

 Tu clan village’s head was silent for a moment before he laughed coldly: “As a captive, you dare to toy with me? Good, very good, to think that you would disregard your own son, you are such a cold blooded person.”

 “No, listen to me. I am really telling you the truth.” Meng Qiu Zhen said sincerely.

 But Tu clan village’s head shook his head, his voice became even colder: “I won’t listen! Do you think I will believe you?”

 “You can test out what I just said.” Meng Qiu Zhen could not help but roll his eyes.

 Tu clan village’s head continued his cold snicker: “Do you think I am stupid? In the earlier battle, your mushroomman tribe created a trap. This time, it must be a trap too. You want me to lose my elite members.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen sighed deeply: “If you do not test it, what will you do now? Without knowing the mushroomman tribe’s location, how can you attack?”

 Tu clan village’s head laughed loudly: “I am prepared for that.”

 Clap clap clap.

 He clapped and said: “Master Wu Xiao, please come out.”

 “Wu Xiao greets Tu clan village’s leader.” A Gu Master with a grim expression, having a tall and thin body, was created by the dream realm.

 “I’ll let you know, this is the famous doctor of Southern Border, Master Wu Xiao. Did you think I came unprepared?” Tu clan village’s head introduced.

 Meng Qiu Zhen sighed: “What’s the point of all this?”

 Wu Xiao walked forward and used Gu worms to investigate Meng Qiu Zhen and said: “Reporting to village head, this captive has tight defenses, if we soul search her abruptly, not only will her soul dissipate immediately, it will even cause a backlash on the attacker and cause them to get badly poisoned.”

 Tu clan village’s head nodded: “Precisely so, I asked for you to come here. Master Wu, you cultivate soul path, you can use soul healing methods and are one of the six great doctors of Southern Border. In the current Southern Border, only you can resist the mushroomman poison path methods, while preserving their souls at the same time.”

 Wu Xiao smiled proudly: “Village head, I am flattered, please watch me as I use my methods now.”

 Wu Xiao started to use his killer move on Meng Qiu Zhen.

 Meng Qiu Zhen grunted, intense pain assaulted him as his body shuddered, cold sweat broke out.

 The dream realm intensified at this moment, causing his soul foundation to dwindle.

 “Stop it, don’t you want to know their location? I’ll tell you directly, isn’t that enough?” Meng Qiu Zhen shouted.

 “Do you think I will believe you? Wan Er, I know you too well, saying such words is an insult to my intelligence!” Tu clan village’s head snorted and waved his sleeves in anger.

 “Ahhh… ahh…” Meng Qiu Zhen pretended to cry out in agony: “I am telling the truth!”

 Tu clan village’s head was enraged: “You dare to lie further!”

 “Ahhhh…” Meng Qiu Zhen pretended to have broken down: “I can’t take it anymore, I’ll tell you, I’ll tell you everything.”

 Tu clan village’s head waved his hand: “Say no more, I will soul search you either way.”

 Meng Qiu Zhen shut his mouth at this moment.

 He was certain now.

 At this juncture, he needed to pass the dream realm’s test.

 Some dream realms were like this, they could only be passed after expending soul foundation. If one’s soul foundation was too low, they would die in this dream realm.

 Guh.

 Suddenly, Doctor Wu Xiao spat out a mouthful of blood.

 He took several steps back, his forehead was covered in sweat, he panted heavily, there was purple blood flowing down his lips.

 “Amazing, impressive! A poison within a poison, to think that there is such an amazing method in the world. To think that I was actually hit by it, it seems that I have to use my final method.”

 Wu Xiao turned his gaze to Tu clan village head, reporting: “But this method has a drawback.”

 “What drawback?”

 “This is considered forceful soul search, the target would go insane, but their insane words are truthful thoughts!”

 Tu clan village’s head did not even look at Huang Wan, he said without hesitation: “Please go ahead and use your method, there is no need to hold back.”

 “Yes.” Wu Xiao immediately took action.

 A few moments later, Huang Wan went insane, she lost her mind completely.

 This was the first time Meng Qiu Zhen had encountered such a situation.

 This condition directly influenced his thoughts as well.

 “Tell me the mushroomman tribe’s location.” Tu clan village’s head asked.

 Meng Qiu Zhen wanted to tell him the truth but his words that came out were: “La la la my homeland exists in my heart. Hehehe.”

 Huang Wan started to smile foolishly.

 “How do I get into the mushroomman tribe’s headquarters?” Tu clan village’s head continued to ask.

 “Use your legs to walk in, of course, you can crawl too. Hahaha…” Huang Wan started to laugh madly again.



***
Chapter 2150 - Crazy Mother


***





 Chapter 2150: Crazy Mother 

 Tu clan village head became anxious, he started to fire off questions.


 But even though Huang Wan spoke the truth each time, her replies were all nonsensical.


 Tu clan village head did not get the answer he wanted, he looked towards Doctor Wu Xiao with an unkind gaze.


 Doctor Wu Xiao was shocked too: “Amazing, too amazing! This mushroomman’s will is too strong, even though she lost her mind and has fallen into insanity, she became even purer as a result, each of her actions resonate with her true feelings. In her heart, she will definitely not betray her tribe, even if they exiled her. Tu clan village head, there is nothing else I can do.”


 “You...” Tu clan village head was very angry, he controlled himself: “Then Master Wu Xiao, you can go rest now.”


 In the jail cell, only Tu clan village head and Huang Wan were left.


 Tu clan village head looked at Huang Wan and laughed coldly: “Don’t worry, even if you are crazy, I can still make use of you. If I cannot get an answer from you, I will capture more mushroomman higher-ups and ask Master Wu Xiao to take action. I do not believe that I cannot find out the location of your mushroomman tribe!”


 Thus, in the next scene, Meng Qiu Zhen turned into Huang Xiao Mi.


 The elite Gu Masters of the mushroomman tribe were beside him.


 The night was dark, they had already stealthily arrived near Tu clan village.


 “Brother Xiao Mi!” Fang Tu secretly went to receive him.


 These years, Fang Tu had received the help of Huang Wan and Le Tu, she started her cultivation journey and was now a rank two Gu Master.


 She had received immense help from Huang Wan, because of her fortuitous encounter, she bore goodwill towards the mushroommen.


 “How is the situation?” Meng Qiu Zhen asked immediately.


 Fang Tu answered: “The village head is already prepared, tomorrow morning, Auntie Huang Wan will face the trial publicly, she will be beheaded! On the other hand, I have already found out about the location where Le Tu is kept in.”


 “Alright, we will split into two groups, one group will head to the execution ground and lay in ambush. The other group will save Le Tu and pass him those Gu worms that we prepared.” Meng Qiu Zhen instructed.


 The sky gradually lightened up.


 Right when Huang Wan was about to be beheaded, Meng Qiu Zhen led the mushroomman Gu Masters to attack the execution ground.


 “You came after all.” Tu clan village head laughed.


 “Everything has gone according to leader’s estimations.” The elders praised.


 “Mother!” On the other hand, Le Tu also arrived with his reinforcements.


 Tu clan village head frowned: “You chose the other side after all! Forget it, today, I will slay my kin in the name of justice, I will correct my past mistakes. Kill that pair of mother and son! Try your best to capture all the remaining mushroommen.”


 A chaotic battle started.


 Tu clan village soon gained the upper hand, this was a trap that they had set in the first place.


 The mushroomman tribe also predicted this but there was no choice. Huang Wan was the former witch, she knew too many secrets of the tribe, she could not be allowed to stay in Tu clan village.


 Huang Xiao Mi and Le Tu fell into tough combat, they were surrounded by strong foes.


 “To think that the day would come where we fight on the same side.” Le Tu looked at Huang Xiao Mi, smiling bitterly.


 Meng Qiu Zhen suddenly laughed heartily: “Don’t worry, our reinforcements are here.”


 At the crucial moment, the dream realm changed once again as a large number of mushroomman Gu Masters joined the fight.


 It turned out that the mushroomman tribe leader had gone all-out, he led the entire tribe to attack Tu clan village in a last ditch attempt.


 To win or to die trying!


 There was no other possible outcome!


 Most of Tu clan village’s higher-ups were at the execution ground, because of their temporarily weakened defenses, the mushroomman army actually broke in and charged all the way into Tu clan village.


 An intense battle erupted.


 The village head and tribe leader were both rank five, they fought against each other.


 Le Tu and Huang Xiao Mi’s alliance became the crucial element that could break this stalemate.


 They were too familiar with each other, even though this was their first alliance, they had immense coordination in working together.


 Both of them had rank four cultivation level, once they joined hands, their battle strength rose greatly, even Tu clan village’s head could not resist them.


 In the end, the mushroomman tribe won while Tu clan village suffered a terrible loss.


 The remaining Gu Masters escaped into the prison, resisting with all their might, desperately attempting to survive.


 Meanwhile, Tu clan village’s head was heavily injured, he was on the brink of death, captured by the mushroomman tribe.


 “Mother, how are you? What happened to you?”


 Le Tu managed to save his mother in this chaotic battle after suffering huge injuries. But he found that Huang Wan had already gone mad.


 Huang Wan looked at Huang Xiao Mi: “Son, oh son, you must live in happiness and bliss. That is why I named you Le Tu. Come, smile for mother, show me a smile.”


 “Oh mother...” Le Tu was covered in tears: “It was my fault, if I had not barged in, you would not have gotten hit by the village head! You would not be in such a state.”


 At this time, Wu Xiao was brought over.


 He begged for mercy: “Don’t kill me, don’t kill me! I know what happened to your mother.”


 “Speak!” Le Tu roared.


 Tu clan village head who was heavily injured smiled and replied in a cold tone: “Hahaha, your mother cannot be saved, she had gone completely insane. That’s right, I caused it, this Doctor Wu Xiao is the direct culprit behind it as well.”


 “You will all die!!!” Le Tu’s expression was distorted, he was about to make a move.


 But Huang Wan suddenly stopped him: “Don’t kill him, don’t kill anyone! That is not good, you must be a kind person, you stupid rascal.”


 “Mother, you finally recognized me.” Le Tu cried.


 Slap.


 Huang Wan suddenly slapped as Le Tu became stunned.


 “Who are you calling mother! My son is right here.” She grabbed Huang Xiao Mi, patting the latter’s chest: “This is my son.”


 “Look at my son!” Huang Wan said proudly: “My son is so strong and tall! He is such a wonderful lad.”


 “Oh son.” Huang Wan was smiling earlier but suddenly, she cried: “Mother let you down. I hid your identity from you and shaved your head because I was afraid that your hair might grow into a mushroom cap instead. Will you blame me?”


 Le Tu wept in agony as tears flowed like a river.


 But Huang Wan paid him no attention, she only looked at Huang Xiao Mi.


 For the first time, Le Tu looked at Huang Xiao Mi in a pleading gaze.


 Huang Xiao Mi nodded as he acted: “Mother, I won’t blame you, you will always be my wonderful mother.”


 Huang Wan shed tears of joy as she said: “Stupid rascal, I’m glad you forgive me. But don’t kill your father, don’t kill anyone else. I want you to live in peace and happiness, that is all I want. Let them off, conflict and slaughter only breeds deeper conflict and hatred, it will make you empty, it will torture you, it will make you unhappy.”


 “If you are not happy, you will not be Ah Le anymore.”


 The surrounding people were silent.


 Even Tu clan village head was the same.


 “You want me to spare these people?!” Le Tu’s eyes were red, he clenched his fists as his expression became distorted with rage.


 “How can I do that?!” He forced that question out through the cracks between his teeth.


 Tu clan village head smiled coldly, he had already lost completely, he became disheartened, he had no fear towards death.


 But Doctor Wu Xiao suddenly shouted: “There is hope, there is still hope! Your mother still has a chance of regaining her sanity.”


 Le Tu grabbed Wu Xiao’s shoulder and lifted him up: “Tell me, what method is it?”


 Wu Xiao quickly answered: “Even though your mother is mad, she still has a bit of her mind left in her. Look at her actions and words, they are pure and sincere, this is her inner heart. As long as you do not go against her wishes, in time, her condition will not aggravate, her mind will grow and recover.”


 “After that, with my healing, she will definitely be able to recover, there is still hope!”


 Wu Xiao shouted for his life, in order to live, he did not give up any opportunities.


 Bam.


 Le Tu threw Wu Xiao to the ground.


 “Ah—!” Le Tu raised his head to the sky and shouted in pain and agony.


 His two enemies were right in front of him, they were completely defenseless, but he could not take revenge!


 For the sake of his mother, he had to follow her wishes.


 “Fine, for my mother’s sake, I will spare you two today.” Le Tu gritted his teeth, he used so much force that his teeth were bleeding.


 The dream realm ended here.


 Meng Qiu Zhen’s soul returned to his body, he sighed deeply to himself.


 “To think that Paradise Earth had such an arduous and difficult life.”


 “Heroes often experience difficulties beyond an ordinary man.”


 “No wonder he had no hair in the depiction of his appearance that was left behind in history. But that green beast tattoo is also gone.”


 “Paradise Earth is actually the mixed blood of human and mushroomman? How did he become venerable?”


 “After that, did he manage to save his mother?”


 “When he was still young, he had a rash temper and deep killing intent, he was no different from any other person. How did he end up being the person he was?”


 The dream realm gave Meng Qiu Zhen many questions.


 And they could not be answered for now.


 But the fact was that his attainment level had risen.


 Fang Yuan’s earth path attainment level jumped to great grandmaster!


 Not only that, his poison path attainment also rose to great grandmaster.


 Before this, Fang Yuan’s poison path attainment level was at grandmaster. This dream realm that Paradise Earth left behind contained the true meaning of both earth path and poison path.


 Fang Yuan took a risk to raise his dream path clone into an immortal, the gains were quite apparent now.


 Not only were food path, poison path, and earth path elevated to great grandmaster, even luck path and ice and snow path were grandmaster now. Space path, metal path, wind path, cloud path, lightning path, information path, light path, and dark path were also at master level.


 After passing Paradise Earth’s dream realm, he only had a few dream realms left.


 Before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan would definitely be able to use up all of these dream realms.


 At this moment, he had basically no weakness in most cultivation paths. However, painting path, weapon path, and pill path were still blank.


 This could not be helped.


 These paths did not exist in any of Spectral Soul’s dream realms.


 This might be part of Spectral Soul’s plan, or maybe even he did not have attainment in those paths. After all, they were produced after Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s era. Meanwhile, painting path was kept in the hands of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, he did not let any information leak out, it was even more secretive than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path inheritance.


 Moreover, a portion of Spectral Soul’s dream realms were taken by Feng Jin Huang while pursuing Fang Yuan.


 But she obtained very few dream realms.


 It was not worth it for Fang Yuan to take them back.


 After all, Feng Jin Huang had immense luck.


 After becoming an earth path great grandmaster, Fang Yuan immediately started to modify the details of his earth vein project, he saved a lot of cost and reduced the time needed for it.


 “Looking at the time, Ke Xin Hong should have already arrived in Southern Border’s Wu clan and met with Wu Yong?”


 Fang Yuan counted and planned.



***
Chapter 2151 - Refining Gu in Exchange for Famous Mountains


***





 Chapter 2151: Refining Gu in Exchange for Famous Mountains 

 Southern Border.


 Wu Yi Mountain, Wu clan’s headquarters.


 In a hall.


 Ke Xin Hong had a faint smile as he greeted politely: “Ke Xin Hong pays respects to Wu clan’s first supreme elder.”


 Wu Yong sat and smiled: “Esteemed envoy, no need to be so polite.”


 Ke Xin Hong spoke openly and straightforwardly: “I came here with fan wind Gu, it has already been refined and raised successfully. Please do examine it now.”


 Wu Yong could not help but feel surprised: “So quickly? Does Fang Yuan have a method to refine fake Immortal Gu, is he here to scam me?”


 He received it and checked thoroughly, there were no flaws at all.


 “It is a genuine rank eight Immortal Gu. But how can Fang Yuan refine a rank eight Immortal Gu in such a short period of time?” Thinking of this, Wu Yong was uncertain again.


 In his mind, Fang Yuan’s main traits were craftiness, viciousness, shamelessness, unscrupulous, and ruthlessness. This number one demon in the world could not be assessed using common sense.


 “Envoy, please hold on, our Wu clan Gu Immortal will come and check it.” Wu Yong answered.


 Wu clan had their own refinement path Gu refinements, but they were not strong.


 Wu clan was not specialized in refinement path, they were best at wind path. Not only in Southern Border, even in the five regions, Wu clan was first rate in wind path.


 After a few minutes, Wu Yong received information that rank eight fan wind Gu was the real thing, it could not be fake.


 Wu Yong had a complex emotion.


 Immortal Gu were unique, because rank eight Immortal Gu were too hard to refine, they had an extremely important significance!


 Ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals did not even have one rank eight Immortal Gu. For example, Old Ancestor Xue Hu lost everything that he had worked to accumulate for many years on Snowy Mountain blessed land after trying to refine fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.


 Of course, this was because his ambitions clashed with Heavenly Court’s and Longevity Heaven’s benefits.


 “Even though the world has been changing in the last few years, with the movement of earth veins and rampaging of qi tides, a vast amount of immortal materials surfaced, it will likely cause a large increase in rank eight Immortal Gu. But for ordinary rank eight Gu Immortals, especially the lone immortals, they will still face problems getting one rank eight Immortal Gu.”


 “To think that my Wu clan has gained a new rank eight Immortal Gu.”


 Wu Yong was happy but also gained increasing wariness regarding Fang Yuan.


 “Even though I know that Fang Yuan had annexed Lang Ya Sect, it is still hard to believe that his refinement path ability has become so incredible, it feels like he had an easy time refining a rank eight fan wind Gu with no problems encountered at all.”


 On the other hand, Ke Xin Hong added: “Since you have checked it, which two Immortal Gu does your clan want to refine next? I can bring them both back next time.”


 Wu Yong became hesitant.


 Should he pass the seven-faced prestige wind Gu to Ke Xin Hong?


 If he could refine eight-faced prestige wind Gu, Wu Yong would gain a huge boost in strength. But precisely so, seven-faced prestige wind Gu was extremely important.


 If he gave it to Fang Yuan and the latter snatched it, what would he do?


 “Come to think of it, there are many options.” At this moment, Wu Yong felt that three chances were too few. He would want nothing more than to raise all of Wu clan’s Immortal Gu to rank eight!


 “To think that you acted so quickly, I am quite spoiled for choice at the moment, I need to think about it carefully. Envoy, why don’t you stay here and give me three days to consider?” Wu Yong asked.


 Wu Ba Chong heard this and added, urging Ke Xin Hong: “Speaking of which, this is the third time you’ve come to Wu clan, let us host you and bring you around.”


 “Alright.” Ke Xin Hong smiled lightly: “I do like Wu clan’s style a lot, I’ll trouble you with my stay. As for first supreme elder’s considerations, I understand. In fact, I have been tasked with another mission, I wonder if your clan would like to undergo another transaction with us?”


 “What transaction?” Wu Yong became alert.


 He thought of the secluded domain of heaven and earth Hu Land, it was akin to a quasi-rank nine Immortal Gu, but Fang Yuan forcefully bought it.


 Thinking of this, Wu Yong felt a slight heartache again.


 Ke Xin Hong explained the details while Wu Yong fell into contemplation.


 Wu Ba Chong shouted in shock: “What? Fang Yuan wants to dig away our Wu clan’s famous mountains? In return, he will refine rank eight Immortal Gu for our Wu clan?”


 “Precisely.” Ke Xin Hong nodded.


 Wu Ba Chong snickered: “How can that be? Any famous mountain is a large resource point at least. Most of them are giant resource points, a select few are super resource points, they can produce rank eight immortal materials! Even though you can refine rank eight Immortal Gu, you are still using our Immortal Gu as the foundation to raise their rank, you are not giving us additional Immortal Gu.”


 “Furthermore, Immortal Gu are hard to feed, rank eight Immortal Gu are too. Even if they are refined, they will expend our resources. Yet, famous mountains are able to produce resources continuously, they will almost never dry out. You want to take our famous mountains, you are trying to cripple our foundation, what intentions do you have, what schemes are you up to?!”


 Towards the end, Wu Ba Chong was basically screaming in anger.


 But Ke Xin Hong was prepared for this, he spoke calmly: “Not so, not so at all. Elder Wu Ba Chong, you are too pessimistic about this. Think about it carefully, your clan has just gotten many Gu Immortal seeds to undergo immortal ascension recently, but you only gained six new immortals, with most of them being external members.”


 “Even with more Gu Immortals, Wu clan’s territory is too big, you cannot defend it. Since that is the case, you might as well sell some territories. In that case, not only would Wu clan have higher ranked Immortal Gu, you will even have sufficient manpower.”


 “Furthermore.” Ke Xin Hong continued: “Immortal Gu are unique, I am sure Elder Wu Ba Chong knows how priceless rank eight Immortal Gu are. Immortal materials can be sold and bought, but can Immortal Gu be easily bought? They are unique, they can only be traded. Even if treasure yellow heaven is the number one market in the world, let me ask you, how many Immortal Gu have been traded in it over these years?”


 “The five regions are now one, the five regions chaotic war cannot be avoided. Gu Immortal battle strength is the most important thing, you can only consider the rest after having sufficient strength to defend yourself. A rank eight Immortal Gu can cause your clan’s strength to rise sharply, not only can you protect yourself, you can invade others and gain a huge amount of wealth in war.”


 “This...” Wu Ba Chong hesitated.


 Ke Xin Hong looked at Wu Ba Chong, he cast a secretive glance at Wu Yong without showing any signs, continuing to convince them.


 “Human Smoke Mountain is Chai clan’s headquarters, they sold it to us recently.”


 “What? There is such a thing?” Wu Ba Chong was stunned.


 Ke Xin Hong did not elaborate further, he took a step back: “If Wu clan does not want this trade, we will not force you. This time, other than bringing back Immortal Gu for refinement, I also need to find other clans and undergo this trade with them.”


 Wu Ba Chong’s expression changed mildly.


 If Wu clan did not deal with Fang Yuan but the other clans did, their battle strength would surge instead.


 Even if they give up on resources now and lose future potential, what if they decide to expand through invasion?


 By then, if Wu clan refuses to work with Fang Yuan, their battle strength would be surpassed by other clans, by then, Wu clan would fall from their throne of the number one Southern Border force, they would be bullied by others.


 Wu Yong tapped on the table with his finger as he fell into deep thought.


 “Fang Yuan is so domineering even when doing business, he gives others no way of rejecting!”


 “However, even though Ke Xin Hong is trying to convince us, he is not wrong about it.”


 “This trade is sensible, but we need to control the extent of our dealing!”


 At almost the same time, in Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 “Gan Ni pays respects to master!” Earth Extremity of the Eight Extremities knelt before Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 Earth Extremity Gan Ni was a female immortal, she cultivated earth path and refinement path, her refinement path attainment was quite deep.


 At this moment, she held four rank eight Immortal Gu and handed them over respectfully.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun inspected them for some time and felt pleased: “Gan Ni, you are our Longevity Heaven’s refinement path expert indeed. Since the fate war until now, you received my orders and refined four rank eight Immortal Gu, you have made a huge contribution.”


 Gan Ni quickly answered: “It was all thanks to master’s luck path methods, otherwise, with just my mere talent, we could not have refined so many rank eight Immortal Gu in these few years. But because of that, Longevity Heaven’s luck fell greatly...”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun interrupted her as he waved his hand: “In this world, there are losses where there are gains. To refine these Immortal Gu, luck expenditure was a necessary investment.”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun took one of these four Immortal Gu and observed it carefully in front of him.


 This Gu had a peculiar shape, it was cubic and resembled a wooden box.


 This was imitation Gu, it was eighth place on the List of Mystical Gu, originating from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable!


 If one placed this Gu with any Immortal Gu in the world together for some time, the Gu cultivator could activate imitation Gu to turn itself into that Immortal Gu.


 Immortal Gu were unique, but imitation Gu could bypass this logic to some extent. However, the imitated Gu could not compare to the real one in power.


 Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable asked Heavenly Court for human qi Immortal Gu and failed.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took another path, refining imitation Gu and turning it into human qi Immortal Gu. Next, with this ‘human qi Immortal Gu’ as the core, he established Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Other than this imitation Gu, the other three rank eight Immortal Gu were all blood path Immortal Gu!


 Divine Emperor City.


 Light flickered, the ten children of human path came out of the painting world, returning to the real world.


 “We... are finally back.”


 “It is a pity that we did not manage to take down those two new paintings.”


 “We were nurtured by Heavenly Court but the time is up, we needed to leave.”


 “What are you worried about? Even though we did not take it down entirely, the situation has been set. There are so many beast tamers in the painting world, even cultivators have appeared. Moreover, with the deep foundation that we created, there is no chance of failure.”


 “That’s true.”


 After the ten children of human path conversed for some time, their sect’s Gu Immortals arrived to bring them back.


 Qin Ding Ling and the rest concealed their traces, watching the scene unfold before them.


 “These ten people are the human path immortal seeds of our Heavenly Court. Regardless of the results from this Crazed Demon Cave expedition, we need to nurture these people, invest fully in them!” Qin Ding Ling announced.


 “Yes, madam.” The Gu Immortal in charge listened to Qin Ding Ling’s words and engraved it in his mind.


 “Let’s go.” Qin Ding Ling turned around and said to Genesis Lotus’ will.


 Genesis Lotus’ will nodded.


 At the next moment, Divine Emperor City moved, the huge city flew up again, heading straight from Central Continent with unparalleled momentum.


 The target was Crazed Demon Cave!



***
Chapter 2152 - Earth Vein’s Initial Formation


***





 Chapter 2152: Earth Vein’s Initial Formation 

 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Several variant human men gathered into a circle, they were busily engaging in an important business.


 “Slowly, slowly.”


 “Guys, relax a little, don’t be so anxious.”


 “Faster, faster, I can’t endure it anymore.”


 Bam.


 A loud sound was heard.


 A gigantic hill landed on the ground.


 This hill was not tall, it did not have clear waters of beautiful vegetation, there were mostly dust rocks and iron cloud stones on the mountain, causing it to look grey in most areas.


 And most amazingly, this entire hill was completely silent.


 Even though there were many life forms, when Gu Immortals spoke here, no sound could be transmitted unless they used specific methods.


 This was silent hill.


 It had the same reputation as Western Desert’s anti-sound desert, famous in the world. Any sound path killer move used here would be greatly weakened and suppressed.


 Silent hill was a famous mountain in Southern Border, but because it produced little resources, it had not been very useful to anyone.


 This time, Fang Yuan sent envoys all over the place to negotiate in transactions.


 Silent hill was sold to Fang Yuan as a result, these variant human Gu Immortals moved in groups, they were in charge of moving silent hill back into a specific location of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 But relocation was just the first step, next, they had to develop its mountain roots.


 The one in charge of this was a rockman Gu Immortal.


 He activated a method as silent hill’s mountain roots began to grow rapidly, stabbing into the surrounding environment.


 “Deeper, go deeper!” The leader instructed as he suddenly sighed: “Sigh, why did you stop? Are you finished so quickly?”


 The rockman Gu Immortal said impatiently: “Say, leader, can you keep quiet? I want to go deeper too, but I only have rank seven cultivation level. This is a famous mountain, it is very exhausting to influence and manipulate its mountain roots!”


 But the leader said: “That’s why I said you need to work harder. Your cultivation level is too low, when will you become a rank eight?”


 The rockman Gu Immortal rolled his eyes: “Boss, I was still rank six some time ago, I only went to pass the tribulation and reached rank seven because of our master. I also want to reach rank eight, but that is just too difficult.”


 The other Gu Immortals quickly spoke.


 “Leader is right, in our group, you’re the only one that can deal with the mountain roots, allowing them to grow thick and long. If you were stronger, we would complete our mission to a greater extent, we would receive better rewards as well.”


 “You are in charge of the mountain veins, your contribution is the highest among us!”


 “I heard that you went to sleep recently?”


 “I have not slept in two months, I have been doing mountain relocation missions the entire time.”


 “Master has such grand ambitions and inspirations, he is managing a project to create artificial earth veins. But this plan will eventually be completed, aren’t we grabbing onto this chance when it is available to us? Look at the other groups, the more missions they complete, the fewer we will have for ourselves.”


 The other Gu Immortals stared at the rockman Gu Immortal, they had a look of expectation and disappointment.


 The rockman Gu Immortal was very helpless: “Don’t you guys know? We rockmen have no lack of sleep in our lives. Because our bodies are too heavy, it is a huge burden on our soul. We need to sleep to pacify our soul.”


 “Then use the liver life formation!”


 “I already used it.”


 “On master’s contribution board, aren’t there soul path methods to raise your soul foundation?”


 “But I cultivate earth path, soul path methods are less effective on me. Instead of using my contribution points on them, I might as well raise my earth path attainment instead.”


 The leader gritted his teeth: “Stop arguing, let’s pool our funds and help our little rockman brother. Let’s gather some points and raise his soul foundation.”


 The other Gu Immortals agreed together.


 Right now, the rockman Gu Immortal was their group’s weakness, if he got stronger, the entire group would benefit from it.


 Fang Yuan handed out all sorts of missions, they were created after wisdom path deductions, their contents were simple but they had deep meaning.


 Be it the difficulty of the mission or the content itself, Gu Immortals often had to cooperate with others, it was hard to do any mission alone.


 This gave the Gu Immortals of various races a chance to work together intimately.


 After a long period of cooperation, they naturally developed camaraderie and friendship.


 Thus, within the entire sovereign immortal aperture, all the different tribes and races were seamlessly fusing together into one big community.


 Humans, rockmen, feathermen, inkmen, snowmen, and others, they were all working together, contributing blood and sweat for the sake of building their wonderful homeland.


 “Excellent, silent hill has been relocated already. All the famous mountains are distributed around the mini five regions, the most basic requirement has been met, we can now start developing the earth vein.”


 Fang Yuan had been paying huge attention to the famous mountain relocation plan.


 After seeing the situation over at silent hill, he started to take action personally.


 In order to construct the earth vein, he had already created many immortal formations in the important areas of the mini five regions.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan willed as immortal essence was expended, the immortal formations started to activate on their own.


 The ground of the mini five regions was shaking with greater intensity as time passed.


 The variant humans living in the various areas were lost and confused, while some showed expressions of joy.


 “What is happening? Is there another earthquake?” Most of the mortal Gu Masters did not understand the situation.


 “Master has started to take action. Oh heavens, he is affecting the entire mini five regions in one go, this is truly a huge project!” The Gu Immortals sensed the situation, they all felt intense joy and also deeper admiration towards Fang Yuan.


 Rumble...


 The ground continued to rumble but the extent was not too severe, there was not much loss from this.


 An earth vein started to form in a chain due to the effect of the Gu formations in various areas, using the famous mountains as its various nodes.


 This earth vein crossed through the mini five regions, it was present in Mini Eastern Sea, Mini Central Continent, Mini Northern Plains, Mini Southern Border, and Mini Western Desert.


 If one looked from above, this earth vein would resemble an irregular geometric shape, the lines were very clear and simple, it barely covered the area of half the mini five regions.


 The earth vein was successfully constructed, the ground returned to normal.


 The immortal formations of various places came to a halt, they were basically fueled by immortal materials that were almost completely expended, the formations were now incomplete and could not be used again.


 Fang Yuan started to carefully assess the outcome.


 He was very patient and thorough, after some time, he nodded in satisfaction.


 It had gone according to plan, the entire earth vein was created perfectly, no flaws could be observed.


 Of course, this had to do with the simple design of the artificial earth vein, it was simply too crude.


 The truth was, the hardest part of the artificial earth vein project was not the creation of the earth vein. The problem was the way to gather enough famous mountains to use as the nodes of the various regions’ earth vein.


 The second hardest thing was the method to create an artificial earth vein.


 “The earth vein is completed in its initial state, it is quite crude now and does not have an immediate impact on the entire sovereign immortal aperture. In fact, it might even cause problems to occur frequently during this initial period, but after some time when things go back to normal, the sovereign immortal aperture will become more stable than before!”


 Fang Yuan estimated in his mind, he withdrew his attention from the sovereign immortal aperture and used Cooking Luck Pot to inspect his luck again.


 With one glance, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined, joy was expressed in his gaze.


 The creation of his artificial earth vein had a huge effect on his luck.


 His luck was originally a grand pillar of silver light, but it was quite loose like cloud soil, it could scatter with one touch.


 Now, even though the silver pillar was smaller, it became more condensed.


 This was quite an assuring development.


 “But the luck of the other venerables has also grown stronger.” Fang Yuan frowned to himself.


 At the top of the silver light pillar, three clouds were looming over it, they represented Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Star Constellation’s cloud was still in control of the first level, it had expanded slightly.


 Spectral Soul was at the second level, while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was at the third.


 But there was an odd scene now, Star Constellation’s cloud seemed to be devouring Spectral Soul’s cloud.


 This scene was quite confusing to Fang Yuan, he had many guesses in his mind but he was not certain about anything.


 There was also another transformation.


 At the bottom of the silver light pillar, yellow-brown dust started to spin around it again. This earthy dust moved around the silver light pillar, seemingly stabilizing it.


 Through luck inspection, Fang Yuan confirmed that the artificial earth vein plan was very useful to himself, he became even more resolved to continue this plan.


 “But after getting an earth vein, I can no longer use myriad beings assimilation transformation.” Fang Yuan reminded himself.


 Myriad beings assimilation transformation killer move was the ultimate method of Beast Calamity Immortal, it contained the highest profundity of transformation path, able to turn dao marks of all other paths into transformation path dao marks. It could even influence heaven path dao marks, thus all sorts of tribulations could turn into beast calamities.


 Fang Yuan’s main body could not use it anymore.


 This move that transformed dao marks had a huge effect on the sovereign immortal aperture’s habitat.


 Fang Yuan had a terrifying number of dao marks now, ignoring anything else, just refinement path dao marks alone amounted to over six million. If these six million dao marks suddenly turned into another path’s dao marks, the sovereign immortal aperture would not be able to adapt to the change.


 By then, a huge issue would occur in the environment, the terrifying tribulation that occurs would have unimaginable consequences!


 For example, it was like a fish swimming in water but the water turned into lava, it was easy to guess the outcome of the fish.


 In the past, when Fang Yuan used myriad beings assimilation transformation, the sovereign immortal aperture’s development was still quite low, there were very few life forms inside. At that time, he also had far fewer dao marks.


 If he used myriad beings assimilation transformation now, there would be too many dao marks transformed, it could not be done. But if he transformed fewer dao marks instead, against venerables, it would not have any purpose in combat.


 Immortal killer move — Heaven and Earth Travel!


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan’s main body went from Eastern Sea to Southern Border.


 A tall mountain peered into the clouds, frost energy emanated from it, its mountain roots were cut already, Fang Yuan was here to retrieve it after the preparations were done.


 This was Frosty Peak.


 Back then, Fang Yuan disguised as Wu Yi Hai and sneaked into Wu clan, he had gotten into conflict with Xia clan over this mountain.


 Frosty Peak was a famous mountain of course, it produced ice and snow path resources. However, the originally white and beautiful Frosty Peak was now littered with holes all over as a result of excessive excavation, not only was it ugly, the production of resources was also affected.


 Thus, this Frosty Peak was sold to Fang Yuan by Wu clan.


 At this moment, there were many Gu Immortals surrounding Frosty Peak.


 Other than the variant human Gu Immortals that Fang Yuan dispatched, Wu clan’s Gu Immortals were here as well, Wu Yong was among them.


 “Fang Yuan, have you been well?” Wu Yong took the initiative to greet him, showing a complex expression at the same time.



***
Chapter 2153 - Lord Fang Yuan, Time to Get Going!


***





 Chapter 2153: Lord Fang Yuan, Time to Get Going! 

 Wu Yong wanted to meet Fang Yuan personally.


 If the pursuit of Fang Yuan had just ended, Wu Yong would not dare to get close to him at all.


 Fang Yuan was the number one demon in the world, Wu Yong would not dare to approach him, there was a threat of getting killed.


 It was too dangerous!


 But now was different.


 Fang Yuan had an entire series of methods for foreign affairs, he engaged in transactions with many major forces without using brute strength.


 The initial effect might be small but after so long, super forces like Wu clan, Fang clan, and Chai clan could see that Fang Yuan was someone who could work with principles and rules.


 After these super forces reassessed Fang Yuan, they decided to work with him.


 It was not easy to reach this stage.


 Would a rabbit have the guts to make transactions with a wolf?


 “But this man in front of me achieved this feat.” Wu Yong looked at Fang Yuan while feeling complicated internally.


 Wu Yong was a current generation hero, his talent and aptitude were top rate even among rank eight Gu Immortals. Seeing Fang Yuan’s actions these days, even Wu Yong sighed to himself as he developed feelings of admiration.


 Having strength but not abusing it or bullying the weak casually, this was not something easy to achieve. On the surface, this seemed like the demeanor of someone with self-control and an understanding that one could not abuse their advantage or they would eventually falter. But the truth was, he was unaffected by greed or ambition, his logic had always suppressed other emotions.


 In the current world, no, throughout time, throughout the history of mankind, how many people could reach this stage?


 Fang Yuan could even make these weaker forces undergo transactions with him without worries. Initially, there was only Wu clan, but Wu Yong soon found that almost all super forces were transacting with him, they sold some useless famous mountains in exchange for the chance to refine rank eight Immortal Gu.


 This was not easy.


 It showed that Fang Yuan had incredible interpersonal skills.


 Be it through threatening or temptation, even if he used other methods, the result was that he succeeded.


 “Fang Yuan is truly an incredible person! Even though he started from the demonic path, his mannerism and mindset has never been restrained by shallow ideas like factions.”


 “He can be righteous or demonic, he can either help the world or cause chaos in the world, everything depends on the methods he adopt. Even throughout history, such a demon is truly the most terrifying.”


 “Being born in the same generation as this person is also my blessing.”


 Wu Yong was wary of Fang Yuan, he had felt disappointment and rage because of Fang Yuan, but he had also gained morale and inspiration, he even saw the beauty of life because of Fang Yuan.


 Because from Fang Yuan, he saw himself, it was a testament to his own ideals.


 He had too many similarities with Fang Yuan. 

 Fang Yuan’s series of actions during this period allowed Wu Yong to see Fang Yuan’s vision, he knew that Fang Yuan was someone who saw ten steps ahead of each action.


 “Since everyone’s opinions and actions have changed because of Fang Yuan, why can’t I try to cooperate even more deeply with him?” After losing Hu Land, Wu Yong developed this thought.


 What to do with an enemy you could not beat?


 The best way was to cooperate with them, to turn from enemies to allies!


 Cooperating with Fang Yuan had huge potential for gains, it was very helpful to Wu clan.


 Wu Yong was someone with high restraint, but he also had the honor of the righteous path.


 Except that the honor of an ambitionist like him was worth less than a piece of paper. As long as the benefits were high enough, Wu Yong could tear this paper into pieces with no second thought.


 Thus, Wu Yong took the initiative to come and meet with Fang Yuan personally, he wanted to talk and try to see if he could deepen their cooperation!


 Seeing Wu Yong, Fang Yuan also revealed a faint smile.


 Wu Yong had once chased after his life, but so what?


 If you can kill me, that is testament to your strength! This is a world where the strongest survive, if I die because of you, that is because I am weak, it is my own lack of capability, it is my fault!


 The weak were devoured by the strong, was this not a natural thing?


 Thus, in Fang Yuan’s heart, he had never felt any pointless hatred or grudge.


 Wu Yong came here of his own accord, his intention to cooperate was obvious, then let’s cooperate!


 For Fang Yuan, working with Wu clan had benefits and gains too.


 Wu Yong was the leader of the Southern Alliance, while Wu clan was the number one super force in Southern Border. They would become a role model for other forces if they chose to cooperate.


 Like how Fang Yuan traded with other forces for famous mountains, he had used Wu clan’s transaction records to tempt them.


 But just when Fang Yuan was about to talk with Wu Yong, a Gu Immortal flew over in the sky.


 This Gu Immortal was dressed in a grey hemp garment and conical hat, he had a muscular body and a chin that was wide and thick, it was Lu Wei Yin.


 He had always been calm and composed, but now, he showed an anxious expression.


 Lu Wei Yin saw Fang Yuan and shouted from afar: “Lord Fang Yuan, I finally found you!”


 “What’s the matter?” Fang Yuan smiled.


 Lu Wei Yin flew towards Fang Yuan, casting a glance at Wu Yong but not greeting him.


 Wu Yong became quite curious, he had never seen Lu Wei Yin in such a frantic state.


 Lu Wei Yin spoke directly in front of Fang Yuan: “Lord Fang Yuan, do you know that yesterday, Divine Emperor City brought Heavenly Court’s immortals from Central Continent straight towards Northern Plains’ Crazed Demon Cave!”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s expression moved slightly.


 Lu Wei Yin continued: “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has likely revived, if she joins up with Heavenly Court, they will be able to work together, Crazed Demon Cave’s situation will be very dangerous. There is no time, we need to head there immediately and take control of the situation!”


 “What?” Wu Yong heard this and felt incredibly shocked.


 What in the world was going on?


 Why were Heavenly Court and Crazed Demon Cave involved in something?


 Wu Yong was very perceptive, he immediately realized that this was an incredibly important fight. Regardless of the result, it would definitely affect the entire Gu Immortal world, as well as the five regions and two heavens!


 But Fang Yuan was not anxious, he consoled Lu Wei Yin: “Your information network is really broad. But don’t worry, don’t be anxious, I still have matters to settle.”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan used a method to put Frosty Peak into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 “How can I not be anxious?” Lu Wei Yin took off his hat as he stared with wide eyes, urging: “We are going against Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven, the location is also Limitless Demon Venerable’s Crazed Demon Cave, as well as that secluded domain of heaven and earth, Primordial Domain. Lord Fang Yuan, we cannot lose our initiative in this fight.”


 “What? What? Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven... Limitless Demon Venerable... and Primordial Domain? The secluded domain of heaven and earth recorded in >?” Wu Yong had more and more questions in his mind, he felt more anxious as well.


 He wanted to know everything.


 Fang Yuan had a solemn expression: “I know that you want to make contributions, I’ve already promised you. If Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable wants to revive, I will help you. But I have my own judgment towards the situation, if I do not use my time to strengthen myself, how can I go up against the venerables? There is no need to rush me any further.”


 “This...” Lu Wei Yin pondered without speaking further.


 Fang Yuan turned to Wu Yong as he smiled again: “Wu Yong, regarding the sale of famous mountains, I think we can expand the scale of transactions. For example, Moon Bowl, Corpse Mountain, Phoenix Peak, or Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian, and others.”


 Wu Yong showed a difficult expression: “These famous mountains have higher value than Frosty Peak. The true value of Phoenix Peak is that phoenixes will gather every year to lay eggs. If you take the mountain, it might not have great value anymore.”


 “As for Corpse Emperor Yu Ding Tian or Corpse Mountain, they are things that Wu clan needs. Not long ago, we obtained the enslavement path true inheritance of the Corpse Emperor, we are trying to develop and use it, these two mountains are not for sale.”


 “As for Moon Bowl, as long as the price is reasonable, we can consider selling it.”


 Wu Yong spoke with a sincere tone but his mind was wandering elsewhere.


 He had been anticipating this conversation for a long time. But because of Lu Wei Yin’s words earlier, Wu Yong’s attention was drawn away to the issue instead.


 Fang Yuan negotiated with Wu Yong for some time, Lu Wei Yin was left unattended beside them.


 Fang Yuan truly needed more famous mountains now.


 Even though the earlier transactions were helpful, they were mostly useless mountains. But if Wu clan led the transaction, this huge deal between Fang Yuan and Southern Border’s super forces could go one step further.


 After the discussion, Fang Yuan waved his sleeves: “Alright, I’ll see you both another time.”


 Lu Wei Yin stretched out his hand: “Lord Fang Yuan...”


 Before leaving, Fang Yuan cast a cold glance at him: “I have other matters to attend to.”


 Lu Wei Yin could not speak any of the words that he had bottled up inside.


 At the next moment, heaven and earth travel was activated, Fang Yuan vanished on the spot.


 He really had things to do.


 This time, he went to Rotten Mud Mountain and took the mountain.


 “Sigh!” Lu Wei Yin sighed deeply to himself.


 Wu Yong smiled: “We have not met for some time. Why don’t we...”


 Lu Wei Yin waved his hand: “Wu Yong, I have matters to attend to, when I am free, I will definitely visit Wu Yi Mountain.”


 Saying so, Lu Wei Yin left.


 He did not have the mood to explain things to Wu Yong.


 Wu Yong also had a bunch of bottled up questions, he felt horrible internally.


 He immediately turned his gaze towards the variant human Gu Immortals that were present.


 His smile did not change, he asked these people.


 But what did these variant human Gu Immortals know?


 The leader replied calmly: “Without master’s permission, how can us subordinates speak out of line? Please do not blame us, Lord Wu Yong, we need to continue moving the mountains.”


 Wu Yong was helpless as he watched these people leave.


 Even though he spoke to Fang Yuan and achieved his original goal, Wu Yong could not be happy.


 He sensed acutely that he was starting to get left behind by Fang Yuan and others. He had no idea what was going on in Crazed Demon Cave, for example.


 “No wonder Fang Yuan is trying to work with the major forces... Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived? One can only imagine the pressure he is facing.”


 “Maybe I should use this to haggle for more conditions with Fang Yuan?”


 After understanding Fang Yuan’s difficulties, Wu Yong started to develop some thoughts.


 “Wait.” His eyes burst with bright light: “Lu Wei Yin could have transmitted those words to Fang Yuan, why did he speak in front of me purposely? It is likely that I can gain more information by asking him. He rejected me earlier to try to raise his status and get a higher price.”


 Wu Yong smiled bitterly internally.


 He knew that if he contacted Lu Wei Yin now, he would be extorted by the latter.


 But if he did not ask for information, how could he know if there was a chance to benefit from this situation?



***
Chapter 2154 - Looting Everything


***





 Chapter 2154: Looting Everything 

 Immemorial white heaven.


 Intense winds blew, Fang Yuan’s hair fluttered in the wind as a result.


 After preparation, he activated his killer move.


 A rank eight earth path grotto-heaven was devoured by the sovereign immortal aperture under Fang Yuan’s method.


 Like what he did earlier, Fang Yuan did not annex this grotto-heaven wholly, he chose to split it into different portions and placed them into the sovereign immortal aperture’s various areas.


 Of course, because this was a rockman earth path grotto-heaven, most of it landed in the mini five regions, only a small portion ended up in the mini nine heavens.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 As profound light faded, a mountain range appeared in Mini Central Continent out of nowhere.


 “It’s here, it’s here, our tribe’s Myriad Ravine Mountain Range!” Shi San Bai was incredibly excited.


 “Yes, this is our former Sacred Mountain, but now that it is inside the sovereign immortal aperture, it has become quite ordinary.” Shi Gua Bi had a complex expression, he felt dejected but also happy.


 These few rockman Gu Immortals gathered together for this moment.


 They were the Gu Immortals of this former grotto-heaven, but they were sent into Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture in advance.


 During this period of time, their cultivation levels rose rapidly, they also gained many Immortal Gu. They were simply on a whole new level than before.


 “Let’s go, let’s go in.” The rockman Gu Immortals flew into Myriad Ravine Mountain Range.


 “Greetings to supreme ancestor!”


 “The ancestors have finally returned!!!”


 Myriad Ravine Mountain Range still had a large number of rockman Gu Masters, after seeing the rockman Gu Immortals, they cheered loudly.


 “Indeed, this is our new home.”


 “We have a bright future living here.”


 After the rockman Gu Immortals gave them a speech, they started to take action.


 They had missions to do.


 This Myriad Ravine Mountain Range was a famous mountain too, it was going to be one of the cores of an earth vein.


 Fang Yuan spent several hours annexing this earth path grotto-heaven, during the process, certain changes developed in various places across the sovereign immortal aperture.


 In Star Collection City, Combat Beast King held the fort as he observed the commotions in the sovereign immortal aperture along with other Gu Immortals.


 “During this period of time, master annexed several grotto-heavens and caused the dao marks to rise in number. It can be expected that the various areas of the sovereign immortal aperture will have increasing commotion over time, with rising intensity.”


 “Isn’t this good? The more incidents there are, the more missions we have to do.”


 “Sigh, when will our tribe’s grotto-heaven be annexed by master?”


 The Gu Immortals talked among themselves, feeling expectant towards their future prospects.


 Their mindsets had already changed drastically.


 In the past, they were against Fang Yuan annexing their grotto-heavens, but now the situation was different, they looked forward to it. It was as if they could not gain their master’s acknowledgement if their grotto-heaven had not been annexed. Many Gu Immortals who had their immortal apertures annexed felt that they were a true part of the sovereign immortal aperture, they felt superior to the Gu Immortals of the two heavens.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, Lord Fang Yuan!” Lu Wei Yin shouted.


 He flew over from afar.


 Fang Yuan turned around and smiled: “It has been tough on you, you came all the way here to immemorial white heaven.”


 Lu Wei Yin smiled bitterly, he said in an urgent tone: “Lord Fang Yuan, you must know why I came here. Let’s set off now, do you know that yesterday, a rank eight Immortal Gu House flew from immemorial black heaven to Crazed Demon Cave.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Many people saw that, the Immortal Gu House should be the one that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, right?”


 “Indeed.” Lu Wei Yin nodded continuously, staring at Fang Yuan: “Right now, Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court have moved. If we still do not start taking action, we are going to lose this prime opportunity.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Fine, let’s go.”


 “Really?” Lu Wei Yin heard the answer he wanted, but he could not believe it.


 These last days, he had used information path methods to urge Fang Yuan to go, but he kept on refusing it.


 To think that Fang Yuan was actually going to move now.


 “Can I confirm when Lord Fang Yuan will go?” Lu Wei Yin was still in disbelief.


 Fang Yuan smiled: “How about now?”


 Lu Wei Yin was overjoyed: “Lord Fang Yuan is truly resolute, that is the best answer, let’s go, let’s go!”


 The truth was, Fang Yuan had already decided to go to Crazed Demon Cave now.


 He had already used up all of the dream realms, his attainment levels rose accordingly.


 Quasi-supreme grandmaster: refinement path, time path, enslavement path.


 Great grandmaster: theft path, transformation path, rule path, qi path, fire path, wisdom path, water path, earth path, poison path.


 Grandmaster: blood path, strength path, star path, dark path, formation path, soul path, sword path, human path, wood path, food path, phantom path, luck path, ice and snow path.


 Master: dream path, space path, metal path, wind path, cloud path, lightning path, information path, light path, sound path.


 As for the remaining paths like bone path, they were not at master level yet, but he still had some progress. Heaven path was the same.


 Even though he did not reach Spectral Soul’s level, Fang Yuan’s attainment levels were already top rate in the current world. Be it breadth or depth, he could be considered the number one person in the world!


 After all, Spectral Soul lost his attainment levels after leaving behind the dream realms, while Star Constellation and Giant Sun would not retain their supreme grandmaster attainment levels even if they revived now.


 Of course, he still had insufficiencies.


 For example, painting path, weapon path, and others, they were completely blank.


 These paths were just too rare, painting path was intentionally concealed by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, while weapon path was crudely created by Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal Che Wei recently.


 With the rise of attainment level, Fang Yuan could annex more grotto-heavens, the sovereign immortal aperture reached its limit once again.


 If there was some time to digest the new gains, the sovereign immortal aperture would become more stable.


 But there was neither time nor opportunity.


 Through luck inspection, Fang Yuan found that the situation had worsened again, even though there was still leeway, it had clearly gotten quite severe.


 With a resolute decision, Fang Yuan immediately went to Northern Plains with Lu Wei Yin.


 Ever since that pursuit battle over Fang Yuan ended, he had already used all his time to the limit, recuperating and raising his strength as much as he could.


 Now, it was time to face the venerables head on!


 Years had passed, Fang Yuan returned to Crazed Demon Cave again.


 Initially, when he first came here, he only had rank seven cultivation level and was restricted by an alliance agreement.


 Now, he looked down towards Crazed Demon Cave, ready to engage in battle with venerables.


 The first layer of Crazed Demon Cave was a huge land of yellow soil.


 This was a huge cave, it was almost circular at the entrance, spanning hundreds of kilometers, it looked extremely grand.


 Inside the cave, there was a lush rain forest, filled with the colors yellow and green. Desolate beasts formed into groups, vines and trees tangled together, growling could be heard everywhere, it was a primitive sight.


 “We will go down from there.” Lu Wei Yin said.


 “No rush.” Fang Yuan raised his hand: “These immortal materials are useful to me.”


 He opened his immortal aperture’s entrance, many variant human Gu Immortals were let out.


 These Gu Immortals were talking among themselves, they went down in groups, causing chaos in the entire first layer.


 “Quick, there is a desolate plant here!”


 “Dig it up, bring it back.”


 “Oh oh, there’s a group of desolate beast monkeys here, let’s work together.”


 “Squeak squeak...” The monkey group cried out together.


 “These rocks are immortal materials, bring them back, bring them all back.”


 “These are all contribution points!!”


 The Gu Immortals worked enthusiastically, they were like a group of bandits that entered a mortal village.


 Even though the first layer of Crazed Demon Cave had wild beasts and plants, Fang Yuan’s subordinates were superior in numbers, there were also many rank eight Gu Immortals among them that possessed rank eight Immortal Gu and rank eight killer moves.


 The first layer of Crazed Demon Cave was completely looted!


 Lu Wei Yin watched with a dazed expression.


 In just this short period of time, how did Fang Yuan’s subordinates become so strong, didn’t their strength rise too absurdly?


 “I have too many people under me, our resource expenditure is very high, especially when I made the artificial earth vein recently. This is really embarrassing.” Fang Yuan smiled.


 Lu Wei Yin quickly waved his hand: “Of course not, I feel admiration towards you instead. In the current world, only Lord Fang Yuan is capable of making use of these chaotic immortal materials.”


 Because Crazed Demon Cave had demonic sounds at set intervals, dao marks would become chaotic and all the immortal materials would be useless. Living beings would rampage and lose their senses, even rank eight Gu Immortals became lunatics in such an environment.


 A while later, the first layer that was filled with vitality became a barren land.


 The variant human Gu Immortals were still not satisfied as they brought the vast amount of resources back into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin went into the second layer after that.


 Crazed Demon Cave’s second layer was an incredibly hot land of burning rocks. A large amount of rocks were piled up together, big and small, the large ones were like huge elephants, the small ones were like pebbles.


 These Gu materials also had chaotic dao marks, but they were mostly made of fire path and earth path dao marks.


 “Take them all.” Fang Yuan ordered, the variant human Gu Immortals moved again.


 They swept the area like a locust swarm, emptying the entire second layer.


 After that, Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin went into the third layer.


 The third layer was covered in dense fog, it had a vast number of fog worms and cloud bamboos. These life forms were also senseless and chaotic, they were all taken down or chopped down and collected by the variant human Gu Immortals.


 There was even a Fog City here.


 A ghost city of dead people.


 The Gu Immortals who died in Crazed Demon Cave gathered together with vengeance and created this Fog City.


 When Fang Yuan came here before, he avoided it as he had rank seven cultivation level, if he entered it, he would definitely die, there was no way to escape.


 But it was different now.


 Fog City?


 Mine.


 Take it away!


 After looting everything in his path, Fang Yuan arrived at the seventh layer of Crazed Demon Cave.


 He spent much less time compared to his previous expedition.


 Back then, Fang Yuan was led by Not Immortal, they kept taking detours. The deeper they went, the more turns they had to make, sometimes, the straight distance seemed to be short, but they had to make a long detour. With their strength back then, detours actually saved them more time than taking a straight path.


 But now, Fang Yuan moved unhindered.


 No matter what obstacles he met along the way, he placed them all into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The seventh layer of Crazed Demon Cave was filled with bright colors. The rocks, grass, soil, and trees were all shining in bright lights.


 Every piece of soil or rock here was a quasi-rank nine immortal material.


 But the dao marks were chaotic, they could not be used at all.


 Of course, that was the case for most Gu Immortals in the world.



***
Chapter 2155 - Paradise Earth’s Sacred Tomb


***





 Chapter 2155: Paradise Earth’s Sacred Tomb


 Fang Yuan was the exception, of course.


 As demonic sounds rang, Fang Yuan had already prepared himself. Back then, he was able to deal with the demonic sounds, now, it was simply too easy.


 Under the demonic sounds’ influence, dao marks of the same path in the seventh layer gathered together and formed large areas of beautiful rainbow lights, they were no longer as scattered and random as before.


 “Such an incredible sight!” Lu Wei Yin sighed in amazement: “Eh...”


 At the next moment, he saw Fang Yuan taking out Immortal Gu House Thieves Den.


 Steal dao killer move activated!


 Large numbers of dao marks were stolen, forming into corresponding rank nine immortal materials within Thieves Den.


 These rank nine immortal materials were very pure, they only had one path’s dao marks, they had immense value.


 Lu Wei Yin watched, he became tongue-tied.


 He estimated that in just over ten breaths of time, Fang Yuan obtained at least three rank nine immortal materials!


 Rank nine immortal materials!


 Wasn’t he obtaining them simply too easily?


 Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin moved together, everywhere they went, large areas of dao marks vanished.


 The beautiful sight turned into something that resembled cheese gnawed by rats, everywhere Fang Yuan went, there were large pieces of black and white spots.


 Lu Wei Yin watched, his eyes turned slightly red.


 Fang Yuan’s gains were too huge, the benefits were large enough for him to feel envy internally.


 “Such wealth, he’s earned a fortune! This is the first time I’ve seen anyone gain a vast number of rank nine immortal materials so easily!!” Lu Wei Yin shouted internally to himself.


 He could no longer guess how many rank nine immortal materials Fang Yuan had obtained.


 The only thing he was knew, his gains were huge, enormous, unthinkable.


 Continuing to move forward, they finally arrived at the entrance of the eighth layer.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was slightly pale, the burden of using Thieves Den and the killer move steal dao along the way was not small, especially in terms of immortal essence expenditure.


 Lu Wei Yin became slightly worried: “Lord Fang Yuan, do pay attention to your immortal essence storage.”


 “No need to worry.” Fang Yuan smiled mildly: “I have rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.”


 Lu Wei Yin heard this and his expression froze before replying: “Impressive, impressive, as befitting of Lord Fang Yuan.”


 At the entrance, Fang Yuan saw three paths ahead again.


 One path was filled with golden light, luck surged around it. It was the luck path left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 One path was dark and horrifying, killing intent filled it. It was the soul path left behind by Spectral Soul when he entered the eighth layer.


 One path was humble and plain, giving a virtuous aura. It was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s path.


 Because Lu Wei Yin had methods prepared beforehand, he could enter Paradise Earth’s path.


 But Fang Yuan waved his hand, Thieves Den activated, the three paths were completely devoured, they disappeared.


 A large number of rank nine immortal materials were produced as a result.


 Lu Wei Yin moved his lips but he did not manage to say anything, he followed Fang Yuan into the eighth layer wordlessly.


 Nothingness!


 This was a boundless void that resembled a huge ocean with no shore in sight.


 Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin who entered were like two bugs in the ocean, extremely minuscule and insignificant.


 Fang Yuan had once come here, he had a deep impression of the place.


 In this boundless void, countless worlds were created and destroyed, deriving brand new heaven path dao marks.


 He had once tried to enter the ninth layer but he did not succeed.


 This void was evidently the profundity of phantom path, but Fang Yuan did not have phantom path attainment back then, he could not deduce the location of the ninth layer’s entrance.


 This time, he came prepared.


 His phantom path attainment level had reached grandmaster.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan used his phantom path method.


 “Hmm?” At the next moment, Fang Yuan raised his brows: “The void here is different from the one I experienced last time.”


 But Fang Yuan could not point out the exact difference.


 Even though he made huge progress in phantom path, he was still very far from understanding or breaking Limitless Demon Venerable’s eighth layer arrangements.


 “Please follow me.” Lu Wei Yin activated a certain killer move and found his direction, leading the way.


 Fang Yuan followed after Lu Wei Yin.


 Along the way, he saw worlds created and destroyed, it was truly an extraordinary sight.


 But different from before, these worlds were moving along the void, no matter which world it was, they went in the same direction.


 Fang Yuan’s deductions finally had some results.


 He was evidently moved: “I understand now, this void is contracting. At the final moment, all of the worlds and heaven path dao marks will be squeezed together, they will be completely fused into one. Is this Limitless Demon Venerable’s plan?”


 Lu Wei Yin shook his head: “I only know the location of Yellow Earth Great World, we need to hurry and head there.”


 The two immortals flew for a few more hours before finally seeing their destination.


 “This is?!” Lu Wei Yin expressed shock on his face, because he did not just see Yellow Earth Great World, he also saw the worlds that Reckless Savage and Genesis Lotus left behind.


 Fang Yuan squinted: “The three great worlds are fusing into one, not just that, there are also many small worlds following beside them.”


 These worlds were motionless within the void.


 Each world was like a bubble, the three great worlds were the largest bubbles, being green, yellow, and red respectively. The three worlds were joint together at the center, the periphery was filled with smaller bubbles that were linked to the surface of the three great world bubbles.


 “Oh no, lord, please look!” Lu Wei Yin pointed at the yellow bubble and said anxiously.


 Fang Yuan turned his gaze and saw that Yellow Earth Great World was currently attacked by the joint efforts of the other two great worlds.


 Even though the view outside the bubble was quite vague, Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin could still sense the intensity of the battle inside. Especially when the connecting area of the three worlds was filled with corpses, it was the most intense area of the battle.


 “Lord, with my method, Yellow Earth Great World will not resist us. Let’s go and reinforce them!” Lu Wei Yin charged in like a falling meteor.


 Fang Yuan followed after him, his body was also shrouded in a yellow light.


 It was this yellow light that allowed them to easily pass through the bubble and enter Yellow Earth Great World.


 Looking at the great world, the thing that attracted Fang Yuan’s gaze the most was that huge mound at the center.


 This mound resembled a mountain, the mountain itself was quite flat, it looked man-made.


 But Fang Yuan could see the true essence of the mountain at first glance: “This is Tomb Earth of the Ten Earths? This is such a huge tomb.”


 This unprecedented tomb had a tombstone on it.


 The tombstone had six words written on it — Tomb of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable!


 Seemingly sensing Lu Wei Yin and Fang Yuan, the tomb suddenly emitted a grand pillar of light.


 It rose up into the skies, resembling a pillar that held up heaven itself, the entire battlefield froze, everyone’s eyes were attracted to it.


 “The Sacred Tomb is shining, heaven and earth can bear testament to it. Our sage has arrived!” After a few breaths of time, a huge roar erupted in Yellow Earth Great World, it was like a huge tsunami.


 The people of Yellow Earth Great World became energized and surged with morale, they started to counterattack.


 Green Lotus Great World.


 This was the Dao field of Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, look at it, forests and vegetation were abundant, it was filled with greenery and vitality, giving off an unfathomable aura.


 In this densely green world, there was a black and white mountain.


 At the peak of the mountain, there were rows of chairs that extended downwards.


 The top two chairs were unoccupied, while Qin Ding Ling sat at the fourth seat!


 “Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin arrived after all!” After receiving the information, Qin Ding Ling snorted coldly.


 During the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin took the initiative to help Fang Yuan, not only did he help to kill Spectral Soul, he even helped Fang Yuan escape.


 Lu Wei Yin was Southern Border’s Paradise Earth inheritor, after that, Paradise Earth’s intention to cooperate with Fang Yuan became obvious.


 The Paradise Earth Sacred Tomb at the center of Yellow Earth Great World was also openly seen to everyone, the Gu Immortals of the three worlds knew of it.


 Thus, there was nothing strange about Lu Wei Yin and Fang Yuan showing up here.


 Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth as she said: “Currently, we need to split up into two groups, one group will advance and attack Yellow Earth Great World, the other will aid Demon Judgment Board in suppressing and resisting Savage Wilderness Great World as well as restraining Longevity Heaven. As for the other Gu Immortals, you can go conquer the small worlds in groups.”


 “Originally, our side was cooperating with Longevity Heaven to devour Yellow Earth Great World, but now that Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin showed up, Yellow Earth Great World is no longer meat on the chopping block, we can suffer losses if we are careless.”


 Saying so, Qin Ding Ling stood up and bowed to the Gu Immortal on the third seat: “Lady Ming Hao, please allow this subordinate to use Divine Emperor City and personally lead the group invading Yellow Earth Great World to resist Fang Yuan.”


 Qin Ding Ling was originally the leader of Heavenly Court, but here, she was only fourth place, she had to obey the three fairies at the top.


 Currently, the first and second fairies were not around, only the third Fairy Ming Hao was here to control the situation.


 This Fairy Ming Hao had the appearance of a three to four year old girl, she was cute and delicate, her large eyes shined with sparkling starlight specks.


 She blinked her large and shiny eyes, she pondered before replying with a childish voice: “I’ve heard of Fang Yuan, but do you need to deal with him personally? Let them go instead.”


 Saying so, her tiny arm waved as a Gu worm flew out.


 This information path Gu worm flew to the middle of the mountain and landed in front of two Gu Immortals.


 These were neither human nor variant human Gu Immortals.


 One was an old tree with a thin and dry trunk, it had countless branches of different length but had no leaves on them. It had thin and long roots that number to a hundred. The tree’s name was Mu Cha Lang.


 The other was a long bamboo that was green like jade, its name was Qing Hao Zi.


 Qing Hao Zi floated in the air, casually and peacefully sleeping.


 Mu Cha Lang was lying on the mountain rock that seemed like a chair, its branches wrapped around a small rock like a person resting his legs on a stool, it was very relaxed.


 After seeing the information path Gu worm, Mu Cha Lang stood up immediately.


 It extended its branches to nudge Qing Hao Zi: “Stop sleeping, stop sleeping, the sage has sent an order.”


 Qing Hao Zi waved back and forth because of the nudge but it did not land on the ground.


 After getting awakened, it straightened its body and remained in the air: “To think that we are going to move out so quickly.”


 Next, the two immortals left the mountain, leading their troops to the front lines.



***
Chapter 2156 - Heaven Extremity Gai Mei


***





 Chapter 2156: Heaven Extremity Gai Mei 

 Savage Wilderness Great World.


 A grand and ancient dark gold palace floated in the sky.


 It was Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 Within the palace, Bing Sai Chuan sat on a cushion with one information path Immortal Gu on the tiny table in front of him.


 Several Gu Immortals were standing towards his left and right.


 Bing Sai Chuan stared at the information path Immortal Gu, he frowned slightly.


 Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin came together, it created a huge uncertainty in the battle of the three great worlds. What should Longevity Heaven, which occupied Savage Wilderness Great World, do?


 Should they retreat first or send more people to probe Fang Yuan’s strength?


 Bing Sai Chuan could not decide immediately.


 He thought for a while and cast his gaze towards the first person on his left.


 A fatty was sitting there.


 The fatty was lying down on the table, fast asleep, there was even saliva flowing out of his mouth, onto his sleeves and the table below.


 Bam bam bam!


 Bing Sai Chuan knocked on the table with his knuckle several times.


 The fatty was woken up by this noise, he opened his sleepy eyes and asked in a daze: “What happened?”


 Bing Sai Chuan withheld his anger: “Gai Mei, you are the Heaven Extremity, you cultivate wisdom path. The newest information is here, I want you to deduce what our following actions should be.”


 Saying this, the information path Immortal Gu flew and landed on the fatty’s head.


 The fatty did not use his hand to touch it, he looked into the Immortal Gu directly, his pupils shrank immediately.


 “What? That demon Fang Yuan is here?” The fatty shrugged: “See, weren’t my previous deductions correct?”


 Bing Sai Chuan knocked on the table again: “I want you to deduce what action our side should take for this situation. Originally, Yellow Earth Great World was weak, with our control over Savage Wilderness Great World, and Heavenly Court’s control over Green Lotus Great World, we could invade Yellow Earth Great World and strengthen ourselves before deciding the victor between us. But now that Lu Wei Yin and Fang Yuan appeared in Yellow Earth Great World, if we attack it by force, they might counterattack and expend our strength instead.”


 Bing Sai Chuan was not afraid of Fang Yuan’s counterattack, he was worried about the impact on the overall situation instead.


 After all, the current situation was more complex than before, the three worlds were resisting each other. If any two forces went ahead and fought too intensely, the third force would benefit.


 “Then let me deduce it.” The fatty Gu Immortal, Heaven Extremity Gai Mei, waved his loose sleeves and stretched out five fat fingers, he pretended to make a deduction.


 “Oh, I deduced it, let’s follow our original pan.” Gai Mei said.


 Bing Sai Chuan watched with a dumbfounded expression: “Can you use your Immortal Gu to activate a killer move and make a proper deduction?!”


 Gai Mei blinked innocently: “What? How did you know I was pretending? You actually found out, you are so smart! You must be the wisdom path cultivator instead, right?”


 Veins bulged on Bing Sai Chuan’s forehead: “Do you think you are Southern Border’s Wu Yong? You have no methods to conceal your aura, hurry up and make a deduction!”


 Gai Mei waved his wide sleeves again, exposing his five fat fingers, he was about to make a deduction when he suddenly sighed: “Sigh! Forget it, the killer move is too tiring to activate. Why don’t we just ask our lord ancestor instead?”


 Bing Sai Chuan was livid with anger, he shouted: “Absolutely not! Our lord is working with Earth Extremity, Black Extremity, and Space Extremity to deduce Limitless Demon Venerable’s plot, how can we disturb him?”


 “Currently, Heavenly Court already has the initiative, they obtained Book Mountain. We are relying on our lord to have any hope of catching up to Heavenly Court. Heaven Extremity, can’t you see the big picture?”


 Gai Mei pouted unhappily: “Stop calling me Heaven Extremity all the time, I didn’t even want to be Heaven Extremity, you guys forced it on me.”


 Yellow Extremity Jiao Huo who was sitting beside Gai Mei tried to convince him: “Brother Gai, just help out and make the deductions. This is not just about the strength of Yellow Earth Great World, it also concerns Fang Yuan’s possible actions.”


 “This demon Fang Yuan has no regard for his identity as a human. I am more worried that he might relocate the local Gu Immortals of Yellow Earth Great World and the ones he captures from our forces into the sovereign immortal aperture. Look at what he did in the five regions, he recruited the variant humans to become his subordinates and almost rejected nobody. In my opinion, it is likely he would do this.”


 “In that case, it might foil our lord’s plans.”


 Jiao Huo spoke, trying his best to convince Gai Mei, but he still shook his head, smiling instead: “Actually, you guys don’t have to be so worried. Isn’t Heavenly Court just as worried as us? Let’s see what Heavenly Court is doing now, wouldn’t that do? They are guarded by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, she is the number one wisdom path expert in history, she is definitely better than me at deductions.”


 Jiao Huo’s expression froze: “Even so, if Heavenly Court deduces first, they will gain the initiative. If we join them in their plan, we will fall behind them.”


 “Regardless, I am not going to work!” Gai Mei rolled his eyes as he went back to sleep on the table.


 Jiao Huo and Bing Sai Chuan stared at him angrily, but he completely ignored them.


 “Charge, charge with me!”


 “Force back all of these enemies.”


 “Charge—!”


 Thousands of Gu Masters engaged in battle on the ground, the front lines looked disorderly, blood flowed everywhere.


 The sky was the battlefield for Gu Immortals as they fought, more than ten Gu Immortals engaged in a chaotic battle at once.


 On the ground, Yellow Earth Great World’s Gu Master army launched a powerful counterattack, while in the sky, Yellow Earth Great World’s Gu Immortals were suppressed.


 Yellow Earth Great World’s sage had already descended, the Gu Masters were spirited and motivated, but in the battle between Gu Immortals, morale alone could not make up for their difference in strength.


 After all, Yellow Earth Great World had fewer Gu Immortals than Green Lotus Great World.


 This could not be helped.


 The three great worlds were made one after another, Savage Wilderness Great World had the longest history, but it had a lot of internal conflict over the years. Green Lotus Great World was second while Yellow Earth Great World was the most recent. After all, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was the most recent venerable.


 Yellow Earth Great World had very few Gu Immortals to begin with, it was even attacked by the joint force of two other worlds, they had fewer and fewer Gu Immortals gradually, the situation was dire.


 “Our sages have arrived, there is still hope.”


 “I will defend Yellow Earth Great World, I will defend my homeland!”


 The Gu Immortals of Yellow Earth Great World shouted together, raising their morale.

