
 Green Lotus’ side laughed coldly.


 “Even if your sages arrive, they cannot stop us from killing you guys.”


 “You have sages but so do we. The result of this battle will not change!”


 “We don’t want to do this too, but we have orders from our sage, we need to kill all of you and devour all the worlds to prevent the apocalypse from happening.”


 The Green Lotus Gu Immortals continued to attack.


 Yellow Earth’s Gu Immortals were specialized in defense, even though the situation was dangerous, they were barely able to hold the line, struggling at the brink of defeat.


 Right at this time, from the huge tunnel connecting Yellow Earth Great World and Green Lotus Great World, two armies appeared.


 They were led by the Gu Immortals Qing Hao Zi and Mu Cha Lang.


 Immortal killer move — Spring Upon Withered Tree!


 Mu Cha Lang shouted as green leaves appeared all over its entire tree body, the new leaves flew out and landed on the Green Lotus Gu Immortals.


 The Green Lotus Gu Immortals were not severely injured to begin with, their large injuries became small while their small injuries healed completely.


 The condition of the Green Lotus Gu Immortals improved immediately!


 Immortal killer move — Green Life Taker.


 Qing Hao Zi flew with extreme speed, creating a green trail in the sky, piercing the body of a Yellow Earth Gu Immortal.


 The Yellow Earth Great World’s Gu Immortal was a black bear, it grabbed its empty chest.


 After gasping, it fell to the ground.


 The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals were anguished.


 After dealing the fatal blow, Qing Hao Zi looked at these Gu Immortals arrogant and said: “The Sacred Mountain gave orders, you will all die.”


 Mu Cha Lang laughed loudly: “So what if your sage is here? The eventual victor will only be our Green Lotus Great World!”


 At the same time, in another battlefield.


 Savage Wilderness Great World’s main forces were fighting against another group of Yellow Earth Great World inhabitants.


 “Die! Die! Die!”


 A six legged black tiger that was as large as a mountain charged around in the sky, it managed to grab a Yellow Earth Great World Gu Immortal.


 “I finally caught you!” The six legged black tiger laughed and exerted force with both claws.


 Swoosh!


 With a soft sound, the giant-like Yellow Earth Gu Immortal was torn into two by the six legged black tiger, dying on the spot.


 “Hahaha!” The six legged black tiger laughed loudly, the giant’s blood spurted all over its face, the tiger licked and showed a maniacal and bloodthirsty expression.


 “Little Rock Monarch was killed by Hei Liu Biao.”


 “Let’s retreat, we are not these people’s match.”


 “Indeed, our sage has already arrived, let’s return and ask him to take charge of us.”


 The Gu Master armies were still fighting on the ground, but in the sky, Yellow Earth Great World’s Gu Immortals had lost their fighting spirit, they wanted to retreat.


 Suddenly, there was an eagle cry as white light flashed in the sky.


 Everyone turned to look, they saw a snow wing eagle pecking a Yellow Earth Gu Immortal and devouring him whole.


 “Xue Li Du!”


 “He ate another person!!”


 The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals were furious and shocked.


 Snow wing eagle Xue Li Du said in a shrill voice: “Escape? Don’t even think of running!”


 The morale of the Yellow Earth Gu Immortals collapsed at once.


 At Paradise Earth’s Sacred Tomb.


 “Kan Ke La greets both sages!”


 “Big Rock Monarch greets both sages, we implore you, please save our Yellow Earth Great World!!”


 A group of Gu Immortals knelt on the ground.


 They were either beasts or plants. Some even had peculiar forms, some seemed like they had been formed from casually molded clay, some were like children’s doodles, there were no pure humans.


 These Yellow Earth Gu Immortals were all injured, some had severe injuries, on the brink of death.


 But because of the commotion that Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin caused when they arrived, these sick and injured Gu Immortals came over.


 Fang Yuan took a glance at them, seeing a ‘familiar person’.


 This was a giant grey fish, it resembled a goldfish but had the size of a whale.


 When Fang Yuan first entered the eighth layer, he met with this fish and forcefully enslaved it, it was named Little Flower.


 Right now, as Little Flower saw Fang Yuan, it was very excited and wanted to say something, but in this situation, it chose to control its emotions as the timing was inappropriate.


 Fang Yuan nodded, saying: “I wanted to see the ones behind Green Lotus Dao field as well.”


 “Lord Fang Yuan, you cannot attack rashly.” Lu Wei Yin suddenly transmitted.


 Fang Yuan looked at Lu Wei Yin with a peculiar gaze, seemingly saying: ‘Didn’t you invite me here because of my battle strength?’



***
Chapter 2157 - Rushing Forward Together


***





 Chapter 2157: Rushing Forward Together 

 Lu Wei Yin secretly transmitted as he explained in detail: “Lord Fang Yuan, you may not know this, because of your high battle strength, it will trigger a retaliative method from Limitless Demon Venerable. After our obvious arrival, why did Heavenly Court send more troops to provoke us? It was to probe our strength and try to lure you into attacking, which would be the best outcome for them.”


 “What are the details about this?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Lu Wei Yin smiled bitterly: “I’m not sure about the exact situation, but I know that Limitless Demon Venerable exerted huge effort to create Crazed Demon Cave back then, it was to make derivations regarding the Heavenly Dao, to find the true path of eternal life. At this point in time, the arrangement is finally about to reveal the result and bear fruit.”


 “The current eighth layer void is contracting and shrinking now, all the various worlds are lured to the center, fusing into or annexing each other, until only one great world is left in the end.”


 “And this great world might be the result of Limitless Demon Venerable’s derivation, it might contain the answer to eternal life.”


 “If we attack abruptly and cause a huge commotion in battle, we may disrupt the eventual derivation of Crazed Demon Cave, Limitless Demon Venerable’s method will immediately activate to deal with us.”


 “That will incur an unfavorable loss to our side.”


 “Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven will be happy to see that happen. If we end up suffering mutual losses with Limitless Demon Venerable’s method, we will be less threatening to them while Limitless Demon Venerable’s method will also be exposed, they will be able to discern information about it.”


 Fang Yuan pondered: “In that case, we can only make a move when the final great world is formed? Then why would Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven come here early to take charge of their respective great worlds?”


 Lu Wei Yin explained patiently: “More precisely, only people with battle strength like yours cannot make a move. I am still able to take action here.”


 “If our side can control Yellow Earth Great World and emerge victorious, we will have the upper hand in the final battle. When the final great world is created, the amount of control we have over it will determine our gains. Thus, we need to invade more worlds and devour them to expand our territory.”


 After his transmission, Fang Yuan finally understood the situation.


 Currently, he could not take action.


 Once he took action and caused a big commotion, he would disrupt Crazed Demon Cave’s final derivation, it would trigger the retaliative method of Limitless Demon Venerable.


 Of course, Fang Yuan could suppress his strength to take action.


 But there was no need to.


 Suppressing his strength would mean that Fang Yuan was about as strong as other Gu Immortals, he might be slightly superior but that would not have an impact on the overall situation. In fact, after making many moves, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven would gain information about his methods, he would even waste his luck in advance.


 Thus, Lu Wei Yin invited Fang Yuan over mainly to deal with the final eventual battle.


 Once the final world was formed, Fang Yuan, Star Constellation, and Longevity Heaven might have equal battle strength, they would fight it out for the final fruit in Crazed Demon Cave.


 At that time, they would fight for real.


 Before that, Lu Wei Yin could still make a move (he was pseudo venerable battle strength only in terms of defense) to try to make Yellow Earth Great World the victor of this war.


 This would have significant impact on the final battle.


 If Lu Wei Yin could succeed, Fang Yuan would gain the initiative later.


 “Even if Yellow Earth Great World cannot win in this battle, we cannot let the other two worlds gain too much of a lead. As long as we defend the Sacred Tomb, during the final battle, Lord Paradise Earth will be able to revive successfully. By then, our battle strength will reign above the other two forces.” Lu Wei Yin explained his meticulously crafted plan to Fang Yuan.


 The conclusion was to defend now and counterattack later.


 Defending their base initially while stirring conflict in secret, to make Savage Wilderness Great World and Green Lotus Great World fight each other and expend their strength, to make sure the three forces were eventually matched in the end.


 At the later stage, after Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable revives, he would gain Fang Yuan’s support and use their superior battle strength to gain victory over the others.


 This was a logical arrangement to bide for time, it suited Lu Wei Yin’s nature.


 But...


 This was not Fang Yuan’s style.


 Fang Yuan looked at the kneeling Yellow Earth Gu Immortals before turning to Lu Wei Yin, smiling: “Taking hits passively is not how I do things. Since we cannot use our top battle strength easily, it means that Heavenly Court is taking advantage of the fact that we lack subordinates.”


 “In that case...” Fang Yuan smiled as he looked towards Green Lotus Dao field: “Everyone, come outside.”


 Saying so, he opened his immortal aperture’s entrance.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh.


 A large number of Gu Immortals flew out.


 “We pay respects to master!” Dozens of Gu Immortals greeted at once.


 Their voices were thunderously loud, all of the Gu Immortals had evident excitement on their faces.


 “The details are listed on the mission board, go.” Fang Yuan waved his hand casually.


 Swoosh swoosh!


 These Gu Immortals immediately split into two groups, charging towards the two battlefields.


 The kneeling Yellow Earth Gu Immortals were dumbfounded.


 “How did so many Gu Immortals appear at once!”


 “These people seem to be calling that handsome sage master.”


 “We are saved, Yellow Earth Great World is saved!”


 After the Yellow Earth Gu Immortal reacted, they all relaxed and some even wept in joy.


 Not just them, even Lu Wei Yin was shocked.


 He had seen Fang Yuan dispatching variant human Gu Immortals all over Southern Border to collect mountains, he also knew that Fang Yuan led the variant human alliance, his force was not small.


 But after seeing the main force that Fang Yuan sent out, Lu Wei Yin was filled with shock.


 “So many Gu Immortals, they number to over fifty!”


 “And from their aura, there are eighteen rank eight Gu Immortals, the rest are all rank seven Gu Immortals.”


 “How can there be so many rank eight Gu Immortals?”


 “The rank seven Gu Immortals also have surging auras, they are close to the realm of rank eight already.”


 “No, there is no way Fang Yuan has zero rank six Gu Immortals, this means that these Gu Immortals are not his entire force?”


 “That’s right, Fang Yuan’s clone Wu Shuai has not showed up either.”


 As Lu Wei Yin analyzed, the disbelief in his heart intensified.


 He also felt worried.


 “Did Fang Yuan spend all of his recent time nurturing these subordinates? According to his personality, he should not be this unwise...”


 “Also, even though these Gu Immortals are high in number and have high cultivation level, who knows how high their actual battle strength is.”


 The ones that Lu Wei Yin was confident in were Xiao He Jian and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 Front lines.


 “Go and die!” Qing Hao Zi killed another Yellow Earth Gu Immortal.


 But its injuries were not light either.


 It had to temporarily stop its movement and go to Mu Cha Lang.


 After Mu Cha Lang’s healing killer move was used, Qing Hao Zi recovered greatly.


 “This is all thanks to you, my old friend.” Qing Hao Zi was overjoyed.


 Mu Cha Lang said in admiration: “This is all I am skilled at, I feel admiration towards your ability to kill so many people. But don’t be too rash and forget your defense, the final struggle of these Yellow Earth Gu Immortals will not be simple to heal if you get hit.”


 “Don’t worry.” Qing Hao Zi raised its bamboo tail: “I will try to kill four people.”


 “Hey, you guys should calm down, leave some for me to kill.” Qing Hao Zi called out loudly as it entered the battlefield again.


 Right at this time, a group of Gu Immortals flew over from the sky.


 They were led by rank eight snowman Gu Immortal, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 He shouted: “We are the subordinates of Yellow Earth Sage, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, we are here to help and kill the Green Lotus Gu Immortals!”


 The Gu Immortals were stunned.


 The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals who were in deep peril saw hope, they became overjoyed.


 The Green Lotus Gu Immortals started to feel their hearts pounding wildly.


 It could not be helped.


 Together with Mu Cha Lang and Qing Hao Zi, they only had eight people.


 But there were over twenty Gu Immortal reinforcements!


 Among them, there were nine rank eight Gu Immortals!


 On Green Lotus’ side, only Mu Cha Lang, Qing Hao Zi, and Old Forest Moss had rank eight cultivation level.


 Weren’t their reinforcements simply too large?!


 Mu Cha Lang gritted its teeth, shouting: “Don’t be scared by numbers, who knows what their actual battle strength is!”


 The Green Lotus Gu Immortals regained their morale upon hearing this.


 That’s right, cultivation level was just part of the battle strength, only by fighting could their true strength be seen.


 If they did not even dare to fight and retreated immediately, how would they face the sages on the Sacred Mountain?


 The Green Lotus Gu Immortals disregarded the Yellow Earth Gu Immortals, they faced Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group instead.


 Immortal killer move — Snow Avalanche!


 Immortal killer move — Crashing Rock Slide!


 Immortal killer move — Great Earth Collapse!


 Immortal killer move — Refine Life!


 Immortal killer move — Multi-layered Five Poisons!


 ...


 Bam Bam Bam Bam...


 The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals who were disregarded opened their mouths in shock as they watched.


 The moment they fought, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group erupted with their full strength.


 All sorts of killer moves were sent out like fireworks, the commotion was huge, resounding in heaven and earth.


 Green Lotus’ group also unleashed killer moves but the quantity was lower, their strength was also largely inferior.


 Only after just one round, the Green Lotus Gu Immortals faced a terrible loss.


 “Retreat, quickly retreat!” Old Forest Moss shouted.


 “How can this be? The other side has so many rank eight Immortal Gu!” Qing Hao Zi shouted.


 He had become a rank eight Gu Immortal long ago but he had never obtained a rank eight Immortal Gu, in this life, he had not even seen three rank eight Immortal Gu!


 But Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was quite unsatisfied, he scolded: “Don’t launch a barrage like this, it is very wasteful, understand? The moves conflicted with each other, half of it was wasted, only thirty percent landed on the enemies! Find your individual targets and don’t let them escape!”


 Even though the first round had huge commotion, a lot of the moves’ strength was wasted.


 The outside world was not the sovereign immortal aperture after all.


 Thus, the Green Lotus Gu Immortals managed to survive.


 But the first round of combat gave them huge gains too.


 The Green Lotus Gu Immortals were completely scared and lost their morale, they wanted to retreat now.


 But Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group had advantage in number, they dispersed and encircled the enemies.


 Battle resumed.


 The Green Lotus Gu Immortals were soon beaten up harshly, they were battered and bruised.


 “These Gu Immortals have an absurdly perfect set of Immortal Gu!” Qing Hao Zi shouted.


 “We can only focus on one aspect, but all of them have superb healing methods.” Mu Cha Lang said bitterly.


 “They have too many killer moves, they are all incredible methods!” Other Gu Immortals shouted.


 Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment was number one in the world, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven could only look at him in admiration.


 After obtaining a vast number of immortal materials from the various grotto-heavens, compared to other forces, Fang Yuan had the highest number of Immortal Gu in the world.



***
Chapter 2158 - Too Brutal!


***





 



 Immortal Gu were unique, Immortal Gu were the most fundamental.

 After sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals obtained Immortal Gu, they were also able to easily exchange for corresponding killer moves.

 Even though they lost some dao marks, these gains were simply too immense, completely negating the flaw of fewer dao marks.

 A moment later, the Green Lotus Gu Immortals ran with all their strength.

 Only three rank eights escaped, the rest were all killed by Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group.

 “Without a battlefield killer move, we cannot kill Gu Immortals efficiently.” Bing Yuan sighed.

 “Cannot kill efficiently?” The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals looked at the five corpses on the ground, their hearts beating wildly.

 “Too timid, too timid!” Shi Zong sighed in pity: “They actually ran away, they are a disgrace to all rank eights!”

 The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals looked at each other and transmitted secretly: “Even if I have rank eight cultivation level, I would have ran away in this situation too?”

 “How can we face our master with just these results?” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch gritted his teeth, making a decision: “Chase, we will pursue and kill them!!”

 The Yellow Earth Gu Immortal were shocked, they quickly urged: “Everyone, don’t be too rash. There are still a number of Green Lotus rank eight Gu Immortals, they did not join the battle.”

 “Indeed, we barely managed to win this fight, we should go on the defense instead.”

 “Green Lotus Great World has many Immortal Gu Houses with terrifying strength, many Gu Immortals were killed on the spot because of their rampage.”

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was completely unmoved, he looked at the Yellow Earth Gu Immortals indifferently: “We are the subordinates of Sage Gu Yue Fang Yuan, we only obey his orders. You can all stay and clean up the battlefield.”

 Be it the Immortal Gu or immortal apertures of these fallen Gu Immortals, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group did not take any.

 That was Fang Yuan’s order.

 The Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu that belonged here were part of Limitless Demon Venerable’s derivation results.

 Killing these Gu Immortals would promote the fusion of the great worlds.

 At the same time, in another battlefield.

 Xiao He Jian and the rest arrived before Hei Liu Biao and Xue Li Du.

 “So many reinforcements!”

 “Wonderful, we’re saved.”

 There were only two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals left.

 “Be careful, these two are powerful rank eight experts from Savage Wilderness Great World, they are very strong!”

 “They are specialized in…”

 “Noisy!” Xiao He Jian took charge as the leader, he shouted and interrupted the advice of the Yellow Earth Gu Immortals.

 This miniman Gu Immortal’s eyes seemed to be glowing red, he pointed at the mountain-like six legged black tiger and shouted: “This guy belongs to me, I will fight anyone who contests with me!”

 Roar—!

 Hei Liu Biao was triggered: “Tiny little bug, you are going to die, I will kill you, no Gu Immortal had ever treated me with such an attitude!!”

 Hei Liu Biao charged in a frenzy towards Xiao He Jian.

 The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals were deeply scared and shocked.

 “Numbers do not determine everything!” Xue Li Du also smiled coldly, charging into the Gu Immortal group.

 Bam Bam Bam Bam…

 An array of fireworks erupted, it was a beautiful sight.

 Bam.

 With a loud sound, Hei Liu Biao crashed onto the ground, creating a huge and deep crater.

 It stared with wide eyes, struggling to get up.

 Boom!

 Xiao He Jian flew like a meteor, charging down.

 Behind him were five to six rank eight Gu Immortals, they also attacked.

 Bam bam bam bam!

 The ground shook intensely, dust clouds rose, almost covering the rays of the sun.

 With an intense wind that swept by, the dust clouds were dispersed.

 The crater was even deeper now.

 Hei Liu Biao was lying at the bottom of the crater, holding onto its last breath, its six tiger claws were twitching.

 “I told you guys not to interfere!” Xiao He Jian shouted.

 “On what basis?”

 “Whoever kills it gets the contribution points!”

 The other Gu Immortals shouted in retaliation.

 Xiao He Jian rolled his eyes: “We all attacked, so who killed him? Who can be sure of it?”

 “Easy, we can split up the contribution points. Whoever gets the largest part of the corpse will get the most points.”

 Nobody knew who was the one who suggested this.

 But at the very next moment, the rank eight Gu Immortals flew down into the pit, splitting up the corpse of Hei Liu Biao.

 “The leg is mine!”

 “Hmph, I only got a tail! Give me back the butt.”

 “Head, this tiger head, hahaha, it is mine!”

 The rank eight Gu Immortals shouted loudly, some were happy while others were dejected.

 Those who did not get enough body parts directed their gaze towards snow wing eagle Xue Li Du.

 But Xue Li Du had been killed already, it died even earlier than Hei Liu Biao.

 The corpse was also completely split up between the Gu Immortals.

 The Yellow Earth Gu Immortals watched in a daze.

 Too brutal.

 Too brutal!

 Weren’t these Gu Immortals the subordinates of the sage? Why were they so brutal?

 Not only did they kill the Gu Immortal, they even dissected the corpse.

 And they were so happy when dissecting the corpse?

 Too brutal!

 Too vicious!

 Yellow Earth Great World was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, his ideal was to live in harmony and peace, emphasizing on unity and love. Even though Yellow Earth Great World had its own internal conflicts, the main trend had always been the same.

 The action of Fang Yuan’s subordinates was completely the opposite of Yellow Earth Great World, this was a huge contrast to the expectations of these Yellow Earth Gu Immortals.

 “There are some Gu Immortals left.” The rank eight Gu Immortals’ eyes flashed.

 But those rank seven Gu Immortals quickly shouted: “Before coming here, we already decided that the rank sevens belong to us. You rank eights already took the bulk of the gains, shouldn’t you leave some to us?”

 The rank eight Gu Immortals pouted: “Then hurry up, don’t waste time! Otherwise, we will help you out and take a portion of the contribution points…”

 “Wishful thinking!” The rank seven Gu Immortals quickly exerted effort and killed all of the Savage Wilderness Great World Gu Immortals in a moment’s time.

 “Hahaha, these Gu Immortals are so stupid, none of them ran away.”

 “Indeed, I was afraid that we lacked a battlefield killer move and could not stop them from escaping.”

 The Gu Immortals started to discuss heatedly.

 The two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals looked at each other, they had peculiar expressions.

 The Gu Immortals of Savage Wilderness Great World were combat maniacs, their ferocity was always the thing that made Yellow Earth Great World and Green Lotus Great World’s Gu Immortals wary. Savage Wilderness Great World’s Gu Immortals would rather fight to the death than retreat, they were courageous maniacs who did not care about their own lives when they were in combat.

 But in the perspective of the sage’s subordinates, they were stupid?

 “How much did you snatch?”

 “I only got this much.”

 “Heh, only? You earned a lot!”

 “Hehe, it was all thanks to master who handed out such a lucrative mission.”

 The Gu Immortals collated their gains as they tossed away the corpses in their hands.

 Fang Yuan had given specific instructions, be it immortal aperture, body, or Immortal Gu, they were all to be thrown away.

 These subordinates did not dare to defy him.

 Seeing the scattered corpses, the two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals’ eyelids twitched.

 If you were going to throw them away, why snatch them with such intensity earlier?

 Was it just for fun?

 What sort of monsters were these Gu Immortals!

 The two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals who had just mustered up courage to express their gratitude instantly lost all motivation to do so.

 They breathed in deeply and wanted to speak but suddenly, Xiao He Jian’s group’s expression changed.

 “Master sent orders, we need to gather with the other group and attack Green Lotus Great World.”

 “Go, let’s go! Don’t let Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s group gain the initiative.”

 Swoosh swoosh.

 The Gu Immortals left rapidly in a hurry, leaving the two Yellow Earth Gu Immortals who stayed behind with a dazed expression on their faces.

 They looked at the Gu Master battlefield that was still fighting (Yellow Earth Gu Masters were already moving forward and pursuing the enemies), they felt completely lost for words.

 For some reason, they started to feel pity for the Green Lotus Great World’s Gu Immortals.

 Fang Yuan watched from afar, capturing the scenes of the two battlefields with his eyes.

 After those Gu Immortal corpses landed on the ground, they were quickly absorbed into the world. Immortal apertures disintegrated rapidly, the Gu worms inside faced the same end, there was no winds of assimilation produced, no traces were left at all.

 Fang Yuan was not feeling calm internally.

 “This is the profundity of refinement path!”

 “Except that Limitless Demon Venerable is not refining Immortal Gu, he is refining the entire world.”

 “If I want to become venerable on the path of refinement, this is an aspect that I lack as well!”

 In his later years, Limitless Demon Venerable wanted to break free from Fate and obtain the way to attain eternal life, but he could not find an answer from Heavenly Court of that time.

 Thus, he created Crazed Demon Cave, he decided to use his own method and derive the method of eternal life.

 After all, fate Gu was still around back then, completely intact.

 The unified great world that was formed in the end might be the result of his plan, it might contain the method of eternal life. And now, the fighting and slaughter of these Gu cultivators became the fuel and sacrifice for this derivation.

 After understanding this, Fang Yuan would not take the corpses of these Gu Immortals or their Immortal Gu.

 This huge battle between worlds was definitely going to have countless dead Gu cultivators, be it mortal or immortal.

 As for how many could survive in the end? Would there be thousands, or just one person?

 Nobody knew.

 But so what if that was the case?

 Be it Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, Heavenly Court, and Longevity Heaven, they did not care about that answer.

 They had their own objectives.

 The Gu Immortals born here obeyed the orders of their sages, they fought and killed, using their lives and wits to resist the others, they were necessary sacrifices that were determined from the start.

 Fang Yuan casted his gaze towards Green Lotus Great World, he saw that his army had gathered and invaded Green Lotus Great World.

 “If an outsider Gu Immortal died here, what would happen?” Fang Yuan had a calm gaze as he watched with anticipation.

 These Gu Immortals were just his pawns after all!

 When it was time to sacrifice them, Fang Yuan would not be stingy to do so.

 “But I should prevent unnecessary deaths if possible.” Thinking so, Fang Yuan said to Lu Wei Yin: “Friend Lu, I would like you to go and help out my subordinates. If the situation turns dangerous, your life is the highest priority, you can ignore the rest if necessary.”

 Lu Wei Yin nodded and he flew away.

 Fang Yuan’s subordinates were so ferocious, Lu Wei Yin was quite pleased and surprised.

 At the same time, he agreed with Fang Yuan’s plan.

 They were already behind to begin with, having such a large force, they had to work hard and catch up to the rest, to make up for their difference!

 Savage Wilderness Great World.

 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.

 Bing Sai Chuan looked at the information path Immortal Gu on the table with a grim expression: “To think that Fang Yuan’s force is so powerful, Hei Liu Biao and Xue Li Du are powerful rank eight experts in Savage Wilderness Great World, they actually died so easily.”

 “But now, Fang Yuan’s two groups have gathered to attack Green Lotus Dao field.”

 Saying so, Bing Sai Chuan let out a breath of turbid air, feeling emotions of joy and gladness.

 He was glad that he did not send reinforcements, because Heavenly Court sent more troops against Fang Yuan, he sent his army to find trouble with them.



***
Chapter 2159 - Fairy Ming Hao


***





 



 “That’s why I said we should continue with our previous plan, my deduction was not wrong.” Heaven Extremity Gai Mei drank wine and ate snacks while saying shamelessly.

 Bing Sai Chuan could not be bothered to retort him, he looked at the rest: “Fang Yuan has such a huge force, it is very unexpected. If he attacks us, we will land in a passive spot. Even though Savage Wilderness Great World has the most Gu Immortals, most of them have their own intentions, they do not obey orders. If we could unify and rule them, we would have been the number one world long ago, suppressing Heavenly Court.”

 Heaven Extremity rolled his eyes: “Don’t you know the reason? That Yellow Earth Great World was the arrangement of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable to begin with. Green Lotus Great World is also created by Heavenly Court’s Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. Meanwhile, Savage Wilderness Great World was made by Reckless Savage Demon Venerable but our lord obtained it, without a proper relationship, how can we convince them?”

 Bing Sai Chuan could not help but tap on the table: “Forget about the reason, let’s try to deal with the current problem. Do you guys have any good ideas to recruit those savage Gu Immortals?”

 Green Lotus Great World.

 Once in a while, an information path Gu worm flew over.

 Qin Ding Ling was frowning deeper.

 “Fang Yuan’s subordinates are so ferocious, in just half a day, not only did they defeat our main troops, they even invaded and broke three of our defense lines!”

 “We’ve already lost close to twenty Gu Immortals, the defeated rank eight Gu Immortals have suffered huge injuries, they came to the mountain to seek an audience with the sage.”

 “Oh?” The third seat Fairy Ming Hao showed an expression of curiosity: “As expected of Fang Yuan I guess. To think that he is skilled at nurturing subordinates too.”

 After pausing for a moment, Fairy Ming Hao asked in a child-like voice: “This means to say that Longevity Heaven also sent more troops out?”

 “Yes.” Qin Ding Ling nodded: “After sensing that Fang Yuan gathered his groups to attack us, Longevity Heaven immediately sent more people to stall Lady Yu Xiu’s group, this might be the scene that Fang Yuan wants to see.”

 Fairy Ming Hao laughed heartily: “Since they want to attack us, let them come. Withdraw our defense lines, let them come and attack us.”

 “Yes.” Qin Ding Ling immediately ordered and reorganized the troops without a hint of questioning.

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian moved unhindered, they charged all the way until the center of Green Lotus Great World, below the Sacred Mountain.

 Looking at the mountain, they saw that it had a peculiar appearance.

 The entire mountain was black and white, all of the mountain rocks looked like they were drawn with black lines and filled with patches of white paper.

 All of the life forms on the mountain were also altered.

 They were all white paper people that were drawn with black lines.

 A tiny white paper person flew down from the mountain, after leaving the area of the Sacred Mountain, she turned back into flesh and blood, looking like a cute and innocent young girl.

 Xiao He Jian and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch looked at each other, feeling that the situation was not simple.

 The latter half of their trip was unhindered, that made them uneasy already.

 And after reaching the enemy’s headquarters, they only sent one rank eight Gu Immortal.

 This was Heavenly Court!

 No matter how weak they became, they had those rank eight Gu Immortals who escaped earlier at least right?

 Why did they send a little girl?

 Even though Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian had surging momentum, they were already feeling uneasy internally.

 This army was mainly made up of people from the two heavens’ grotto-heavens.

 They had spent most of their lives hiding in the grotto-heaven, living a life of trepidation and fear, afraid that the five regions’ humans would discover them.

 If Fang Yuan did not have such demonic might that suppressed them, and also with the huge increase in their strength and confidence during these few fights, they would not dare to attack with such intensity in their previous state.

 “What do we do now?”

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian transmitted their thoughts, sending out one person to test the enemy’s strength.

 This Gu Immortal was Ke Xin Hong.

 He cultivated poison path and was the strongest expert of the mushroomman Gu Immortals.

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian did not choose their own members, they chose him instead.

 After all, the mushroommen were the last group that joined Fang Yuan, they did not join the current major factions. Thus, as the seniors, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian worked together to target them.

 And truthfully, many people were jealous of Ke Xin Hong recently.

 He had the most envoy missions, he was almost the sole beneficiary of these missions that could gain huge rewards by just talking.

 Many Gu Immortals were jealous.

 Ke Xin Hong took in a deep breath, stepping forward and facing Fairy Ming Hao.

 Brilliance shined in his eyes, he had soaring fighting spirit.

 On one hand, after many envoy missions, he gained a lot of animosity from the rest, he needed to prove himself through combat. On the other hand, he wanted to use this chance to make a huge contribution, to make sure the mushroomman tribe was the number one faction in Fang Yuan’s subordinate force, he would be able to protect his tribesmen in the future.

 “Our mushroomman tribe joined master the latest, we are naturally ostracized by the senior members.”

 “Even though we want to establish a good relationship with Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian, it seems that master does not want to see that.”

 “Why did master give me envoy missions time and again, he might not have planned this from the start, but as time went on, his intentions became increasingly deep.”

 “Master has a total of two factions under him, they are the variant humans and the humans. There are fewer humans, forget about them now. There are far more variant humans instead, led by Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian, these two groups are getting larger and more influential, as time passes, they will definitely clash over benefits, because of their large influence, master will not be able to control them easily.”

 “Thus, from the start, master did not want us mushroommen to join them. The reason why master gave me envoy missions time and again is to help our mushroomman tribe gain power and sow discord between the variant human forces.”

 Ke Xin Hong sighed internally.

 The longer he joined Fang Yuan, the more he felt Fang Yuan’s unfathomably deep schemes, as well as his experienced political skills and methods.

 Ke Xin Hong had already expected Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian to ostracize him in such situations.

 He calmed his mind and collected all his scattered thoughts, he gathered his spirits and looked at the young girl, cupping his fists: “I am Ke Xin Hong, I would like to exchange pointers with you.”

 The young girl smiled: “I am Fairy Ming Hao, Ke Xin Hong, I know about you, is your poison path method used like this?”

 Saying so, Ming Hao moved her tiny arm as poisonous fluid flew out.

 Each lump of yellowish brown poisonous fluid flew into the air and turned into a goose.

 Soon, an army of poisonous geese danced around in the sky, changing their formation constantly.

 Ke Xin Hong was shook internally: “This is my uniquely created method, why can she use it?”

 “Is she also a poison path Gu Immortal?”

 “But why can she use my unique method?”

 Ke Xin Hong stabilized his mind: “Fairy Ming Hao, that is an amazing method, but this move has a variation move, watch.”

 Saying so, Ke Xin Hong used the same poison path killer move.

 After the geese were formed, they cried out as poison seeped out wherever their voices reached.

 Ming Hao’s eyes shined, she moved her poisonous geese to fight them as she observed carefully.

 After a few breaths of time, she smiled and laughed: “So that’s how it is, look, is this how the move works?”

 Saying so, she activated Ke Xin Hong’s variation move and caused her own geese group to cry out as well.

 “What?!” This time, not only was Ke Xin Hong shocked, even the other subordinates were shook.

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian thought to themselves: “This immortal is very strange, she can mimic other people’s killer moves. But she only has rank eight cultivation level, our army is huge, how can we falter to one person?”

 The two of them had similar thoughts, they immediately ordered and led the other immortals to get around Ming Hao and attack the Sacred Mountain behind her.

 Fairy Ming Hao sighed: “Oh you guys, can’t you play along? Why are you in such a rush?”

 Saying so, her aura surged as she resonated with the Sacred Mountain behind her.

 Next, the Sacred Mountain made of black lines and white paper shot out profound lights that had countless killer moves flying out of them.

 Fang Yuan’s subordinates were busy resisting the attacks.

 Bam bam bam…

 After an intense clash of killer moves, Fang Yuan’s subordinates’ attacks were all dealt with.

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian showed expressions of shock.

 “What killer move is this? It can actually mimic all of the killer moves that we used earlier?!”

 “This mountain is not normal, it is not just a famous mountain, it is a secluded domain of heaven and earth!”

 “Is this the legendary Book Mountain recorded in >?”

 Fairy Ming Hao chuckled: “This killer move was casually created by me, it uses humility Gu as the core, it is called humble reciprocation. This move can use the information recorded on Book Mountain to deduce and unleash the killer moves that you use. Every killer move that you use is a present for me. Thank you very much.”

 “Is that really Book Mountain?”

 “Humble reciprocation? That is clearly a human path killer move.”

 Fang Yuan’s subordinates were shook internally, they attacked again.

 But Fairy Ming Hao unleashed humble reciprocation killer move again, dealing with all of their offenses.

 Fang Yuan had many subordinates but they were all stopped by one person.

 “Master often told me that a lack of reciprocation is a lack of proper manners. After receiving so many gifts, I should return the favor. Take these.” Fairy Ming Hao raised the intensity of her attacks.

 The attacks came in waves, they were hard to block.

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian had to use their full strength to defend and retreat.

 At the crucial moment, a muddy yellowish light shot out and blocked most of the attacks, helping Fang Yuan’s subordinates stabilize their footing.

 It was Lu Wei Yin who had helped.

 Fairy Ming Hao casted her gaze and smiled: “You are the current generation Paradise Earth’s inheritor? You finally showed yourself?”

 Lu Wei Yin frowned deeply, bowing at Fairy Ming Hao: “Greetings to Fairy Ming Hao, I wonder what is your relationship with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?”

 Fairy Ming Hao blinked cheekily: “Make a guess?”

 Saying so, she stretched out her tiny finger and pointed at Lu Wei Yin.

 Boom!

 A five pointed starlight speck shot out with intense speed, once it was activated, it arrived before Lu Wei Yin.

 Lu Wei Yin’s expression did not change, he did not dodge either.

 The starlight speck arrived before him and got blocked by a yellowish light wall, turning into nothingness.

 Lu Wei Yin sensed something from this as he raised his brows, saying with peculiarity: “Carefree Wisdom Heart?”



***
Chapter 2160 - Book Mountain


***





 



 “You are quite perceptive.” Fairy Ming Hao smiled.

 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!

 Around her, starlight specks continued to shoot out towards Lu Wei Yin.

 Lu Wei Yin flew up against the attack and started to engage in battle.

 Initially, he was able to fight evenly with Fairy Ming Hao. But soon, he started to get suppressed.

 Fairy Ming Hao only used the flying stars to attack her enemy.

 Initially, she shot out the flying stars one by one, but soon, they started to shoot out in groups of three, five, or even ten at once.

 The power of her flying stars did not increase, but Lu Wei Yin faced increased pressure when they landed on him!

 “These flying stars are very profound, this seems to be an endless consecutive move! I am going to face greater and greater pressure as time passes.” Lu Wei Yin had a grim expression as he felt fatigue in defending himself.

 Both sides only fought for some time, Lu Wei Yin had to retreat as he fought, Fairy Ming Hao had the complete advantage.

 Each time she waved her hand, a large cloud of fragmented starlight specks flew out.

 Each time the stars shot out, their quantity rose, they were already over a hundred in number.

 Starlight shined as the stars moved in the air, the sound of air getting pierced was unceasing, it was a dazzling sight.

 “This Ming Hao cultivates wisdom path and star path, she definitely has pseudo venerable battle strength. I should retreat for now!” Lu Wei Yin had intentions of retreating.

 Fang Yuan also gave out orders to retreat at the appropriate time, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest let out a sigh of relief as they quickly backed out.

 Fairy Ming Hao smiled: “You all came here to seek death, why don’t you stay here for good?”

 Fairy Ming Hao attacked the immortals.

 “Don’t even think about it!” Lu Wei Yin blocked her.

 Fairy Ming Hao chuckled, a mysterious light flashed in her eyes, shooting towards Lu Wei Yin’s forehead.

 Lu Wei Yin felt an indescribable change in his mind, he only had the capacity to store up half of his original thoughts.

 At the same time, when his thoughts moved, they became much faster but each time, they would stop preemptively. It seemed like all of his remaining thoughts became ‘rash’, they collided impatiently, trying to deduce the results more quickly.

 Lu Wei Yin fell into a predicament immediately.

 When using killer moves, he needed to mobilize thoughts.

 The more killer moves he used or the more complex they were, the more thoughts he would need to use.

 But now that he had only half his thoughts left, he could not think as easily as before. More importantly, even when these thoughts collided, they would resolve in advance, he could not get the most useful result that he wanted.

 This was quite fatal.

 Once Lu Wei Yin’s thoughts end preemptively when he activates a killer move, towards the end when he prepares his killer move, it would end up in failure.

 With the killer move activation failing, Lu Wei Yin would suffer a heavy backlash himself.

 “Such an incredible wisdom path method!!” Lu Wei Yin was helpless, he could only defend himself, he could not care about the rest.

 Fairy Ming Hao grasped the absolute advantage, she immediately ordered the rank eight Gu Immortals of the Sacred Mountain to move out and chase after Fang Yuan’s subordinates and kill them.

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian retreated with huge losses.

 Along the way, they lost nine Gu Immortals, among which three were rank eight Gu Immortals.

 The immortal apertures of these Gu Immortals landed on the ground and got absorbed by Green Lotus Great World, their Immortal Gu were also quickly dissolved.

 When the Gu Immortals died, their obsession was left behind but Fang Yuan did not see the birth of any land spirit or heavenly spirit.

 After Fang Yuan’s subordinates returned to Yellow Earth Great World, Fairy Ming Hao judged the situation and stopped her advances.

 Lu Wei Yin led the immortals to meet Fang Yuan, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian quickly knelt down and sought for forgiveness.

 But Fang Yuan consoled them amicably: “This loss is not your fault. I could tell clearly that this Fairy Ming Hao had outstanding strength, she possesses pseudo venerable battle strength. To think that this place could nurture an expert of such a level.”

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest were relieved, they started to calm down.

 While retreating, they were all worried that Fang Yuan would be enraged and kill them all to vent his anger.

 After that, Fang Yuan sent out these Gu Immortals to be stationed at all the various defense lines of Yellow Earth Great World. The emphasis of their defense was on the boundary and connection points of Yellow Earth Great World and the two other great worlds, Green Lotus Great World, and Savage Wilderness Great World.

 “I am ashamed. To think that Heavenly Court actually has such a female immortal, she possesses an incredible combat system, I am not her match.” Lu Wei Yin said with an expression of guilt.

 Fang Yuan also consoled him.

 Fang Yuan knew that Lu Wei Yin had already used his full strength at this point.

 After all, in the previous fight, he had worked with Lu Wei Yin to fight against Spectral Soul and Heavenly Court, it was a near death situation, during that time, Lu Wei Yin had no way of concealing his strength if he wanted to live.

 When fighting against Fairy Ming Hao, Lu Wei Yin had already used all of the methods that Fang Yuan knew he had. Yet, he was still not the enemy’s match.

 “Since this is war, there will be sacrifices. Maybe in the future, you and I might lose our lives too. This is the world of the Gu Immortals, we do not need to harp on it.” Fang Yuan was quite satisfied with this result.

 The conclusion was that Fang Yuan’s losses were smaller than Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven. This was considered a victory.

 Furthermore, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian even forced someone like Fairy Ming Hao to take action, Fang Yuan gained useful information about her.

 Fang Yuan nurtured Gu Immortals for the purpose of sacrificing them to begin with.

 If these cannon fodder could display their value, it would not be his loss.

 “The biggest pity is that Lord Fang Yuan lost many Immortal Gu.” Lu Wei Yin added: “But now, Northern Plains’ Paradise Earth true inheritance is right before us, lord might have something to gain from it.”

 Lu Wei Yin was referring to Paradise Earth’s Sacred Tomb.

 Even without his explanation, when Fang Yuan sent him on this mission, he had already done his investigations.

 “The tomb of Paradise Earth contains extraordinary profundity, I have not gotten any useful leads yet.”

 Fang Yuan said frankly before asking: “Do you know anything?”

 Lu Wei Yin smiled bitterly: “I am ashamed, I know nothing about it.”

 Fang Yuan nodded and said: “The wisdom path killer move that hit you earlier was the key that resulted in your loss, what do you think about it?”

 This wisdom path killer move was too powerful, since it was exposed already, Fang Yuan wanted to create a counter for it.

 Lu Wei Yin thought about it and said with uncertainty: ‘It seems that the core Immortal Gu of that move is… pride Gu?”

 Fang Yuan nodded again: “That is what I deduced as well.”

 Lu Wei Yin took in a deep breath of cold air: “Fairy Ming Hao is not a simple person. She possesses the Carefree Wisdom Heart Physique, she also has humility Gu and pride Gu, this reminds me of the description within >.”

 “According to what I know, there is no such person in the history of Heavenly Court, and she seems to have a deep connection with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.”

 >, chapter five, section thirty-five states —

 Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial went through great hurdles and finally arrived before Qian Kun Crystal Wall.

 Qian Kun Crystal Wall was straight and stood upright in the void, it was like a huge mirror that reflected everything that happened in the world.

 Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial went inside Qian Kun Crystal Wall.

 Numerous flowers, birds, fish and insects converged into a colorful dazzling shadow that filled Great Strength True Martial’s vision. The sound of the waves, thunder, and birds’ singing in his ears rippled together, there was a fresh, sweet, exciting, spicy taste dancing on his tongue. At times, he felt like he was walking on a steep mountain path, at other times he felt like he was swimming in the waves, and at other times he felt as if he was falling from a great height.

 “Father, father! Where are you?” Great Strength True Martial shouted.

 But Ren Zu could not hear Great Strength True Martial, he could not see Great Strength True Martial, the color of white filled his vision, it was boundless and vast.

 “Oh son, where are you?” Ren Zu sprinted, wanting to find Great Strength True Martial.

 Ren Zu ran and ran and ran, after a long time, he saw a black dot at the furthest point within his vision.

 Initially, he felt happy and thought it was Great Strength True Martial. But when he approached the black dot, he found that it was actually a huge mountain.

 This mountain was very special, the mountain rocks and vegetation were made of white paper, the streams and waterfalls were made of black ink.

 This was Book Mountain.

 At the foot of Book Mountain, there was a village with many inkmen living in it.

 Ren Zu went into the village, causing a huge commotion to arise.

 “This is really a rare sight.” The inkman spoke: “When ordinary lifeforms enter Qian Kun Crystal Wall, they would get lost after a few steps, they cannot resist the allure of the material world or the countless temptations within it, they can never reach here. You are the first person to arrive here.”

 Ren Zu was confused: “Why so?”

 The inkman elder replied: “Oh human, you are only left with a skeleton, you cannot see, hear, taste, smell, or touch, it allowed you to roam Qian Kun Crystal Wall freely without losing your life.”

 Qian Kun Crystal Wall existed when the world was first created, it reflected everyone and everything, it contained all the secrets of the world’s past and present. Once a person enters it, they would face the barrage of endless information, after some time, they would die from information overload.

 After Ren Zu heard this, he felt very worried about Great Strength True Martial, he asked the inkman elder about the way to survive, the elder thus brought Ren Zu to ascend the mountain.

 On Book Mountain, there was a largest ink waterfall, and below it was a deep pool.

 The inkmen called this pool literature spring.

 The ink waterfall continued to flow as it landed on the literature spring, water splashed about. These black color splashes flew in the air as the water droplets formed into ink texts.

 “If a person wants to continue living in Qian Kun Crystal Wall, the ink text will be your best helper. The reason why we inkmen can live here is also because of the ink text.” The inkman elder told Ren Zu about this big secret.

 Ren Zu received the inkman’s advice, he collected a lot of ink texts and left the mountain.

 Every time he walked for some distance, he would leave behind some ink texts as reference points.

 In this vast world of whiteness, the pitch black ink text became very conspicuous. Even though ink

 texts faded over time, using them, Ren Zu no longer walked on unnecessary trails, he eventually found Great Strength True Martial.

 Great Strength True Martial received Ren Zu’s ink texts, every step he walked, he would leave behind some ink texts.

 The ink texts recorded the information that barraged Great Strength True Martial, turning them all into pieces of literary work. These literary pieces turned into pieces of tiles that were layered below Great Strength True Martial’s feet.

 Great Strength True Martial was finally free, his eyes were not blurry, his ears were not buzzing, he could no longer smell the mix of countless fragrances as well.

 Stepping on these tiles, he followed Ren Zu back to the inkman village.

 Ren Zu asked the inkman elder again: “Oh elder, how can I find wisdom Gu inside Qian Kun Crystal Wall?”



***
Chapter 2161 - Carefree Wisdom Heart


***





 



 “The inkman elder told Ren Zu: "Even though wisdom Gu often stays within Qian Kun Crystal Wall, it is hidden very deeply. To find it, you will need to venture deep into the crystal wall, it will not be possible with just ink texts and the tiles that are formed below your feet. These tiles only record all sorts of information on the superficial level, with the endless barrage of other information the limited ink texts within the tiles will change in content, they will disappear quickly and cannot last for long."

 The inkman elder said again: "Oh human, you need to turn all the information into knowledge. Only with knowledge can you explain information clearly, you will be able to write them down in words, ”

 “allowing you to create a real path instead of just tiles made of texts."

 Ren Zu was troubled: "How can I turn them into knowledge?"

 The inkman elder laughed: "There are many bookworms on Book Mountain, they record the knowledge that our inkman seniors have left behind. Oh human, you can go look at them."



 "It is not difficult to gather the knowledge yourself either. Firstly, you need memory Gu to store all of this information inside your mind. Next..."

 Before the inkman finished his words, cognition Gu appeared, saying to Ren Zu: "After that, I can help you to refine knowledge."

 The inkman elder nodded with a smile: "Indeed, cognition can produce knowledge."

 Ren Zu: "Then I will thank you all in advance.”

 “The inkman elder shook his head: "No need to stand on ceremony."

 Cognition Gu: "Don’t say that human. We have always been good friends, and this situation benefits myself as well."

 If cognition did not take in new information, it would quickly get outdated. Only by receiving new information and thinking about it could cognition create useful new thoughts that were healthy and vibrant, innovative and lively.

 Ren Zu gathered many bookworms on Book Mountain, he obtained a lot of new information.

 Next, with cognition Gu’s help, he created many new knowledge from the vast amount of information.

 He used ink texts to write down his knowledge, scattering them on the ground and creating a black path made of ink texts.

 Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial walked on this path, they walked for a long time, far longer than any of their previous trips.

 "Oh no, I don’t have enough knowledge left." Ren Zu walked to the end of the path, feeling very dejected and upset. He had gathered many ink texts but the knowledge in his mind was insufficient already.

 Ren Zu and Great Strength True Martial’s first attempt failed, they had to return to Book Mountain.

 Great Strength True Martial continued to collect ink texts while Ren Zu gathered all the bookworms, with cognition Gu’s help, he refined even more knowledge from them.

 With more and more knowledge, Ren Zu found that his mind was getting filled up.

 “I have too much knowledge now." Ren Zu was very satisfied, he said confidently: "Let’s go, I am sure we can reach the deepest part of Qian Kun Crystal Wall this time!"

 However, they still failed in their second attempt.

 "Why did this happen? My mind was already filled with knowledge." Ren Zu said dejected: "This is all the knowledge I can hold."

 "No, oh human, look closely again." Self Gu suddenly spoke to remind him.

 Ren Zu inspected his mind, he found a Gu hiding inside it.

 Ren Zu realized at once: "So you are occupying my mind, preventing me from getting more knowledge. What Gu are you?"

 The Gu answered: "I am pride Gu."

 Ren Zu said anxiously: "Can you hurry and get out, you are occupying such a huge area, I want to fill the place with knowledge instead."

 But no matter how anxious Ren Zu was, or how he urged, pride Gu refused to leave.

 When Ren Zu was out of ideas, Great Strength True Martial spoke: "Oh father, don’t be anxious. Don’t forget that I still have humility Gu. I will give it to you."

 Great Strength True Martial took out humility Gu and gave it to Ren Zu.

 Pride Gu was chased away by humility Gu, it had to fly out of Ren Zu’s mind and land on Great Strength True Martial instead.

 Strong Gu was very happy: "The strong have their own pride!"

 After Ren Zu chased pride Gu away from his mind, he returned to Book Mountain to continue gaining knowledge.

 “After Ren Zu gained humility Gu, he realized that the more knowledge he had, the more he found ”

 that he was lacking knowledge, and the more he wanted to fill his mind with even more knowledge.

 Ren Zu’s mind was quickly filled.

 Self Gu urged him: "Oh human, stop now, your mind is already full of knowledge."

 But Ren Zu replied: "But I think that it is insufficient, I am certain that I still do not know a lot of things, I need to continue gaining knowledge."

 Ren Zu continued to refine his knowledge, his mind was getting bloated, it was hurting and could not hold anymore information, but humility Gu made him feel like he was still lacking in knowledge.

 Suddenly, there was a loud boom.

 Eventually, Ren Zu’s mind could not take it anymore, it exploded from an overload of knowledge.”

 The knowledge scattered on the ground as a little girl stood up from within.

 "Father, father." The little girl hugged Ren Zu’s leg happily: "My name is Carefree Wisdom Heart, I am your daughter."

 ...

 Northern Plains.

 Sincerity grassland.

 Chen Cheng was dressed in green, his arms were crossed behind his back as he stood arrogantly upright.

 He stared at the foreign female immortal before him as he shouted: "Who are you? Why did you request to meet me here?"

 The female immortal standing before him wore a half-mask covered her nose, mouth and cheeks, only revealing the upper half of her face which ”

 showed her strong contours, sharp and long brows, bright eyes and a heroic aura.

 She wore a dark gold armor that covered her whole body, bringing a heavy feeling of suppression on any that looked at it, she was definitely not an ordinary person.

 "You can address me as Fairy Black Moon." This female immortal said.

 "Fairy Black Moon?" Chen Cheng raised his brows: "Where are you from?"

 Now that the five regions were merged, Gu Immortals no longer had region specific auras, that was why Chen Cheng asked the question.”

 Fairy Black Moon smiled lightly: "My identity and origin are not important. Chen Cheng, you are called the Sincerity Immortal, you cultivate rule path. Back then, you had an agreement with your friend, the loser in the battle would recognize the winner as their owner and assist them. Do you remember this?"

 Chen Cheng’s pupils shrank as he frowned: "I was young and arrogant then, I did not know what that truly meant, that was why the agreement was made. I was still a mere Gu Master back then, who are you exactly? You know such an obscure secret!"

 Fairy Black Moon smiled coldly: "I’m only asking you, Chen Cheng, is this agreement still effective?"

 Saying so, she took out a token.

 Chen Cheng received it as his expression changed again: "This token is real, where did you get it? What relationship do you have with my friend?"

 Fairy Black Moon said again: "I said these are not important."

 Chen Cheng took a deep breath, he said with a solemn expression: "I understand now, you want us to have a fight, if you win, you will make me your servant! Since you took the initiative to find me, I am sure you are confident in your own strength. But I need to remind you, even though I am a lone cultivator, after roaming Northern Plains for so many years, I have gathered many trump cards. If you win this battle, I will acknowledge you as my master. But if you lose, I will be your master!"

 Fairy Black Moon laughed heartily: "Everyone calls you the Sincerity Immortal, someone who keeps his words and promises. After meeting you, it seems that this is true after all. Let’s fight!"

 Chen Cheng was furious: "Regardless of who you are, today, I will see what you are capable of!"

 At the next moment, thunder rumbled as the battle of two immortals ensued.

 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.

 He Chun Qiu was taking charge of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.

 Splash splash splash.

 The water of time moved erratically, creating the mesmerizing sound of waves.

 A rank eight Immortal Gu was quickly forming, landing in He Chun Qiu’s hands.

 "Good, all of the destroyed rank eight Immortal Gu have been refined successfully." He Chun Qiu nodded, feeling satisfied about the progress.

 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool had the ability of Regret Pool, any Immortal Gu that it refined would have an insignia left behind. When the Immortal Gu is destroyed, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool would use the power of the tributary of the River of Time together with the insignia to refine the Immortal Gu again, the success rate would be higher than refining a new rank eight Immortal Gu normally!

 When Fairy Ming Hao forced Fang Yuan’s subordinates to retreat earlier, Lu Wei Yin expressed his pity over the destroyed Immortal Gu.

 But he did not know that Fang Yuan’s refinement path methods were unimaginably powerful, in just a few days, he refined all three rank eight Immortal Gu that were destroyed in that battle.

 But Fang Yuan was still not satisfied with his current refinement path attainment.

 Several days had passed since Ming Hao defeated Lu Wei Yin and the rest.

 These days, the three worlds were quiet and safe, battle had stopped, there was temporary peace.

 Since it was not time for the actual fight yet, Fang Yuan used this time to comprehend the profundity of the place.

 He had already investigated Paradise Earth’s tomb, there were countless dao marks distributed in it, the structure was complex and profound, the scale was immense, he could not unravel it in a short time.

 Fang Yuan spent most of his energy on the countless big and small worlds here, trying to comprehend the refinement path profundity that they contained.

 "Sage, Savage Wilderness Great World’s envoy seeks your audience." At this time, a Yellow Earth Gu Immortal reported respectfully.

 "It’s Bing Sai Chuan." Lu Wei Yin came over as well, bringing accurate information with him.

 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: "It is about time they came here."

 Earlier, the loss of Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian was actually part of Fang Yuan’s scheme.

 Even though Heavenly Court lost to him before, Fang Yuan had never underestimated their foundation.

 Heavenly Court placed a huge focus on Crazed Demon Cave, they even brought Divine Emperor City over, how could Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian defeat Heavenly Court?

 With the current situation, even though Longevity Heaven, Heavenly Court, and Fang Yuan had one of the three great worlds each, Heavenly Court was still the dominant party.

 The three sides were contesting but there was still the strongest and weakest side among them.

 Together with Bing Sai Chuan taking the initiative to cooperate with Fang Yuan during the fate war, after Lu Wei Yin and the rest returned in defeat, Fang Yuan waited patiently for Bing Sai Chuan’s envoy to come.

 It was just that Bing Sai Chuan, one of the Four Desolation Immortals, actually came here personally.

 It showed Longevity Heaven’s sincerity right away.

 "Friend Fang Yuan, have you been well?" Bing Sai Chuan smiled.

 But Fang Yuan’s expression was cold: "I am working together with Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable to help him revive. Bing Sai Chuan, it is really unwise that your Longevity Heaven wants to cooperate with us. After all, when the time is ripe and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable revives, our strength will rise sharply, we can even suppress Heavenly Court."

 "This..." Bing Sai Chuan’s expression froze immediately.



***
Chapter 2162 - Cooperating Once Again


***





 



 The purpose of Bing Sai Chuan’s visit was obvious, he wanted to work with Fang Yuan and resist Heavenly Court.

 Fang Yuan did not want to waste time, he directly stated the obstruction towards their cooperation instead.

 Paradise Earth’s tomb was huge as a mountain, Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court knew about it long ago.

 The reason why they attacked Yellow Earth Great World earlier was also because of this.

 Bing Sai Chuan was a rank eight expert renowned in history after all, he laughed, the stiffness on his face vanished at once: “Fang Yuan, do you know where this Book Mountain originates from?”

 Fang Yuan had a thought: “Book Mountain is not originally an arrangement of Heavenly Court?”

 Bing Sai Chuan nodded: “Indeed, that is so. Book Mountain was originally in the ninth layer of Crazed Demon Cave, but because of Heavenly Court’s immense foundation in wisdom path, they comprehended a portion of the profundity and took out Book Mountain from the ninth layer in advance.”

 “Oh?” Fang Yuan did not acknowledge nor reject the answer.

 But Lu Wei Yin’s expression changed.

 This was something that the Gu Immortals of Yellow Earth Great World did not know of.

 After all, it happened deep within Green Lotus Great World.

 “Heavenly Court has such a method? They have already started comprehending the ninth layer and even managed to bring out Book Mountain? Did Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliative method not activate?”

 Bing Sai Chuan sighed deeply: “If it worked, we would not have come here so urgently to seek an alliance.”

 Fang Yuan replied in a solemn tone: “Did you see Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?”

 Bing Sai Chuan shook his head: “Not even once.”

 Fang Yuan asked again: “Then what is the relationship between Fairy Ming Hao and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?”

 Bing Sai Chuan replied honestly: “Since the arrangement of Limitless Demon Venerable exists, until the right opportunity arises, we will not use our full strength, thus, we did not force Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to show herself. But Heavenly Court had three female immortals that appeared, they all possess pseudo venerable battle strength, Fairy Ming Hao is one of them.”

 “These three female immortals are Ming Hao, Yu Xiu, and Feng Ya respectively, they cultivate wisdom path with star path secondarily. Your side has already seen Fairy Ming Hao’s strength, Fairy Yu Xiu is stronger than her, days ago when we fought, our side had to send reinforcements to stall them and form a stalemate.”

 “As for Fairy Feng Ya, she seems to be even stronger but she has never taken action, she has been secluded in Crazed Demon Cave to comprehend the ninth layer profundity. Book Mountain is the fruit of her labor.”

 Lu Wei Yin could not help but sigh: “Heavenly Court is the number one force in the world after all, their foundation is unfathomably deep. After Duke Long died, they lacked pseudo venerable battle strength, but to think that three of them were hidden in Crazed Demon Cave! This shows the importance Heavenly Court is placing on Crazed Demon Cave.”

 Bing Sai Chuan added: “Other than these three pseudo venerables, there are also rank eight elites like Qin Ding Ling. In addition, regarding the forces they have out in the open, there are Divine Emperor City, Demon Judgment Board, and Heaven Overseeing Tower. With Heavenly Court’s foundation, it will not be strange for them to bring out more Immortal Gu Houses.”

 Lu Wei Yin gritted his teeth: “Heavenly Court even transferred a portion of the immortal graveyard into Crazed Demon Cave, this immortal graveyard was created here by using the Tomb Earth they collected. At the crucial moment, the immortal graveyard’s slumbering experts in history would awaken, they have terrifying strength too.”

 “Precisely so.” Bing Sai Chuan concluded: “Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin, both our sides need to cooperate. Otherwise, how can we force Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to show up? How can we defeat three pseudo venerables? How can we ensure the revival of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable?”

 Bing Sai Chuan’s intention was obvious.

 Heavenly Court’s advantage was too great, if they were not stopped in time, even before Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable revives, Heavenly Court would have won already!

 Thus, there was a need for them to work together.

 Lu Wei Yin looked at Fang Yuan, who nodded slightly, agreeing to this cooperation.

 Longevity Heaven seemed to have no fear regarding Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s revival, they were very confident in themselves, their trump cards were definitely not few. But currently, with Heavenly Court in the lead, they had to do something to slow them down.

 Savage Wilderness Great World and Yellow Earth Great World stopped fighting between themselves, they sent out troops to attack Green Lotus Great World together.

 Even though there was cooperation with Longevity Heaven, the extent was quite limited.

 Fang Yuan suggested that they should exchange true inheritances. He wanted to use venerable true inheritances of equal value to exchange for Longevity Heaven’s luck path true inheritance of Giant Sun.

 Bing Sai Chuan rejected him with a polite tone but his attitude was firm.

 Fang Yuan also suggested that they should exchange immortal materials. He wanted rank nine luck path immortal materials but Bing Sai Chuan rejected him as well.

 Fang Yuan’s force had already inflated to this level, when he sent out his subordinates earlier, even Bing Sai Chuan was completely stunned from their collective strength.

 Bing Sai Chuan and the rest had a strong opinion against Spectral Soul and Red Lotus! To help Fang Yuan destroy fate Gu, they had truly given him too much help.

 In just these few days, Fang Yuan’s force had already grown to this terrifying level!

 And what about his own strength?

 How much had he grown until now?

 In this situation, how could Longevity Heaven make a transaction with Fang Yuan? Wouldn’t that be helping his growth?!

 Due to the cooperation of Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven, the situation changed greatly.

 But Heavenly Court seemed to have predicted this, even though the two sides attacked with their full strength, they were still defending themselves firmly.

 At times, when the defensive lines were about to break, Fairy Ming Hao and Yu Xiu would take action personally, either maintaining Heavenly Court’s position by forcing enemy Gu Immortals to retreat, or using the battle opportunity to invade Savage Wilderness Great World and Yellow Earth Great World instead, causing huge destruction and countless deaths.

 Fang Yuan also saw Fairy Yu Xiu’s strength for the first time.

 Fairy Yu Xiu had an exceptional combat system. Her attacking methods were very special, they relied on the difference between the two sides’ attainment level. The bigger the difference, the stronger the attacks.

 Ever since the first time they reached the base of Book Mountain, Fang Yuan’s subordinates made no such advancement again.

 Like this, the three sides fought with each other, the situation was in a deadlock, days went by one by one.

 A large number of Gu cultivators died, their sacrifice made the three worlds grow larger with an increasing number of stable dao marks. The more Gu cultivators died in this place, the more the boundaries of the three great worlds faded, and the larger the area which the worlds were connected to became.

 On this day, at the peak of Book Mountain.

 Fairy Yu Xiu gathered the Heavenly Court immortals, she spoke: “Right now, Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven have cooperated, this is giving us huge pressure. Our immortal graveyard has a backup hidden force but Fang Yuan’s Wu Shuai clone has not shown up yet, Longevity Heaven is also hiding their strength.”

 “Since the situation is now in a deadlock with all three sides wary of each other, the small worlds around the three great worlds will be the key to our victory.”

 “These small worlds might be weak but they still have Gu Immortals. If we can get them to join us, we will gain an advantage in the fight between the three forces.”

 During this time, Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven cooperated, managing to suppress Heavenly Court.

 Heavenly Court was losing more and more members.

 Zhou Xiong Xin sighed: “These small worlds are easy to defend but hard to attack, even though we tried many times and are able to win by force, very few Gu Immortals decided to join us sincerely.”

 Prince Feng Xian added: “These Gu Immortal inhabitants lack sufficient intelligence, they are very stubborn as well, most of them bear animosity towards the three great worlds. They think that fusing their world into the great worlds would cause the destruction of their homeland, they hold a firm attitude.”

 “Thus,” Fairy Yu Xiu smiled: “I will hold a lesson at the peak of Book Mountain to teach the countless masses. Any Gu cultivator, mortal or immortal, can join this session.”

 “How will you do that?” Wan Zi Hong asked.

 Fairy Yu Xiu explained the details, Heavenly Court’s immortals had changes of expressions.

 “Lady Yu Xiu has such an incredible method? We are truly in admiration!”

 “In that case, we will not have to worry about these Gu cultivators not joining us sincerely.”

 “These lowly Gu cultivators actually have such a great fortune to be able to get a Dao lesson from Lady Yu Xiu, this is too good for them.”

 “Haha, they are all just cannon fodder, they will be sacrificed in the end, there is no harm in doing this.”

 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals discussed among themselves, the atmosphere slowly became relaxed.

 Divine Emperor City.

 Qi howling painting world.

 A group of beggars stood around Fang Di Chang, facing a huge elephant.

 The huge elephant was pure white in color, its four legs stomped on the ground, it was unmoving like a sturdy mountain.

 The beggars were in a stalemate for a long time, their morale was falling, they started to feel like they could not resist this huge elephant.

 Fang Di Chang was frowning deeply: “This qi monster is made from righteous qi, the longer we fight it, the more disadvantageous it is for us.”

 Qi monsters had all sorts of shapes and sizes they were not fixed, they could be made from all kinds of qi, having varying temperament and strength.

 For example, qi monsters made of domination qi would be domineering, qi monsters made from death qi would love to be in places filled with many deaths. Qi monsters made of life qi would have strong recovery abilities, while qi monsters made from luck qi would be hard to kill, once they were killed, the benefits to the Gu cultivator would not be small.

 Even though Fang Di Chang was Fang Yuan’s clone and shared his attainment level, he had lost his body and soul. With just his will left, he resided within the human path beggar Gu.

 Thus, he could not resist this white elephant made of righteous qi.

 But thankfully, the righteous qi white elephant was not rampaging, it did not make a move in the end, only staring at the beggars.

 “I have arrived!” Shen Shang finally fought his way to them.

 After finishing off his earlier opponent quickly, he came to help out Fang Di Chang.

 He fought against a group of blood qi monsters earlier, he was bathed in blood.

 Fang Di Chang immediately sighed in relief as he made the beggars fall back and let Shen Shang in.

 Shen Shang fought against the white elephant using human path methods.

 This rank eight Gu Immortal was indeed the human path quasi-supreme grandmaster chosen by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, he quickly gained the upper hand.

 But right when he was about to finish off the elephant, the ground started to shake.

 Rumble…

 About ten thousand bull shaped qi monsters stampeded together while creating huge dust clouds behind them.

 Shen Shang and Fang Di Chang’s expressions changed.

 The righteous qi elephant screeched in fear as it escaped in panic.

 Shen Shang did not bother with it, he grabbed Fang Di Chang and quickly ran in another direction.

 The stampede of countless bulls was like a tsunami that swept heaven and earth, it could not be stopped.

 Shen Shang and Fang Di Chang managed to escape with their lives, they watched as the bulls charged away.

 “These qi monsters are made of charging bull qi, but isn’t the size of the group too big, who can block it?” Shen Shang sighed.

 Fang Di Chang replied: “The bulls are running towards the closest camp. Who knows how many will die, but that camp is going to end up in ruins.”

 Shen Shang nodded: “Indeed, once the camp is destroyed, we can only retreat to another camp further back. Our exploration will get tougher.”



***
Chapter 2163 - Endless Learning


***





 



 The two of them had deduced something earlier, thus they worked together and explored deeper into qi howling painting world, in order to find and communicate with Heavenly Court’s enemy at the depths of the painting.

 The enemy of an enemy was a friend.

 But even after Shen Shang and Fang Di Chang did their best, they could not reach the deepest part of the painting.

 Qi howling painting world was too huge, Fang Di Chang’s strength was at a limit, even though Shen Shang had rank eight cultivation level, it was severely restricted in here, the difference between mortal and immortal was not evident.

 The only good thing was that Shen Shang’s illness was greatly alleviated here. Ever since he entered the painting world, he had not relapsed again.

 According to Shen Shang’s estimations, the dense human path environment here was helping him.

 “Sigh, the ten children of human path have left. Without their help, how can we get through this painting and meet the one suppressed at the deepest part of the painting?” Fang Di Chang sighed.

 Shen Shang was about to speak when his expression changed suddenly, he shouted: “This is?!”

 Next, Fang Di Chang also sensed the aura of a rank eight Immortal Gu rapidly spreading towards him.

 The two no longer cared about qi howling painting world, they quickly returned to the central area of the original painting world.

 The two of them saw a rank eight Immortal Gu at the same time, it was floated in the air, shining with radiance.

 “Divine Emperor City is truly deep, it actually contains this legendary Immortal Gu!”

 “If I am not wrong, this should be the learning Gu recorded in >!!”

 The two conversed, seeing the shock on each other’s expressions.

 “Learning Gu is a human path Immortal Gu, this is likely the highest ranked human path Immortal Gu in the current world.” Fang Di Chang sighed.

 “I get it now!” Shen Shang’s eyes suddenly shined with bright light: “Why did beast tamers and qi cultivators appear earlier? It was the result of this learning Gu’s effect. Of course, this should not be the only Gu used, it is likely a killer move. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had such grand ambitions, his arrangements were truly deep.”

 Fang Di Chang frowned: “But why did this learning Gu activate on its own now? Did something happen in the outside world?”

 Shen Shang was troubled, he did not know about the situation outside.

 But he quickly reacted: “This is a prime opportunity! Learning Gu must be one of the cores of Divine Emperor City, regardless of what is going on outside that caused this core to be used alone, at this point, Divine Emperor City’s intact structure has a crack in it, we can find this weakness and make use of it!”

 “Good idea!” Fang Di Chang’s pupils expanded as he looked at Shen Shang excitedly: “Let us work together and explore the secret of Divine Emperor City.”

 At the same time.

 Crazed Demon Cave.

 Eighth layer.

 Green Lotus Dao field, above Book Mountain.

 Fairy Yu Xiu sat at the peak of Book Mountain, within her immortal aperture, Divine Emperor City’s learning Gu spread out its radiance, cooperating with Fairy Yu Xiu’s other Immortal Gu to form a human path killer move —

 Endless Learning!

 At the middle and bottom of Book Mountain, there were countless Gu cultivators.

 The killer move’s radiance was light blue in color, it spread down and covered all of these Gu cultivators.

 Their bodies shook intensely.

 “This is?!”

 The immortals’ expressions changed, they were filled with deep shock.

 An indescribable profundity of the Great Dao flowed into the depths of their hearts like a gentle river.

 The attainment levels of these immortals started to rise!

 “There is actually such an incredible killer move in this world, if I am not experiencing this personally, I will not be able to imagine it!”

 “This is the teaching of the sage, the sage is merciful and benevolent!”

 Many Gu Immortals were so touched they shed tears on the spot, others knelt down on the ground, kowtowing to Fairy Yu Xiu at the peak of the mountain.

 These were all non-standard Gu Immortals, but they were receiving the most traditional Gu cultivation method now.

 They were all clear about how hard it was to raise attainment levels!

 This was truly an unprecedented fortuitous encounter for them!

 “In this world, there are indeed other methods to raise attainment level other than dream realms. Human path… Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had already made his arrangements to this degree. It is definitely not wrong for Heavenly Court to develop human path!” Qin Ding Ling was very excited internally.

 Heavenly Court’s members, with her at the lead, sat down together and closed their eyes to comprehend calmly.

 Fairy Yu Xiu opened her eyes slightly, looking down below her with a glance.

 Sweat had gathered on her forehead, all the thoughts in her mind were used to sustain this move.

 Endless learning was a human path method of strategical value, its benefit for any super force was huge beyond imagination.

 Its greatest advantage was that it did not expend the user’s true meaning, it created true meaning in the mind of the targets instead!

 Rule path and wisdom path Gu Immortals were more adept at extracting their own true meaning compared to other paths.

 When other Gu cultivators take the true meaning, their attainment levels of the corresponding path would rise sharply.

 But the Gu cultivator who extracted their true meaning would experience a fall in attainment level, the losses could not be regained.

 This was why true meaning was so rare in the world.

 Endless learning was a killer move that made use of Fairy Yu Xiu’s attainment level, the secluded domain of heaven and earth Book Mountain, as well as learning Gu.

 This move could create new true meaning in the mind of the targets.

 Once the true meaning was created, it would be instantly absorbed by the Gu cultivator and cause their relevant attainment level to rise.

 This was the greatest advantage of the killer move endless learning, it did not consume anyone’s attainment level.

 But at the same time, this advantage was also its weakness.

 Because the true meaning created by the killer move had limitations.

 The limitations were the Gu cultivator themselves.

 The Gu cultivator’s aptitude, talent, comprehension and personal experiences were conditions that restricted their production of true meaning.

 Attainment level profundity of the same level would vary across the different people who were comprehending them. If one reached their limit and could not comprehend the profundity, they would start to develop illusions.

 As expected, not long after, Gu cultivators on Book Mountain started to see illusions.

 Some of them saw surging golden lotuses, some saw azure rain, some saw surging bloody water, some saw bone forests, or rainbow colored phoenixes that growled loudly.

 “I, I can’t persevere anymore!” A moment later, someone spat out blood and fainted.

 More and more people followed.

 But some Gu cultivators were still enduring.

 With this, the talent, personal experiences and comprehension of the Gu cultivators were also clearly distinguished.

 But by the time, those among Qin Ding Ling’s group started to waver as sweat appeared on their foreheads, about ninety percent of Green Lotus Dao field’s native Gu Immortals had already fallen.

 “Even if these natives become Gu Immortals, they are still inferior to humans, who have the highest natural talent and intelligence.” Fairy Yu Xiu nodded to herself.

 After some observation, she had already gained a clear understanding of the strengths and weaknesses of the Gu Immortals from Green Lotus Dao field.

 When Qin Ding Ling and the rest started to waver, the other Gu cultivators on the mountain had already fainted.

 Bai Cang Shui fainted, Zhou Xiong Xin also fainted, followed by Jun Shen Guang.

 Eventually, only three Heavenly Court members were left.

 They were Qin Ding Ling, Che Wei, and Gu Yue Fang Zheng.

 “Brother?” Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s eyes were filled with blood, he grunted before fainting.

 Thereafter, Qin Ding Ling smiled bitterly as she lost consciousness as well.

 Che Wei lasted until the end.

 Fairy Yu Xiu nodded to herself: “As expected of the creator of weapon path. Hmm? I actually misjudged.”

 Fairy Yu Xiu’s expression suddenly changed as she shifted her gaze from Che Wei to a meteor at the bottom of the mountain.

 This meteor was large as an elephant, it was also a Gu Immortal.

 Earlier, it had fallen into a state of semi-unconsciousness. Even Fairy Yu Xiu did not expect that a certain strength would gather within the rock.

 At this point, the mystical strength reached its limit, there was a qualitative change occurring.

 Rumble!

 With a thunderous sound, the meteor shattered as golden light shined in all directions.

 From the piercing and blinding light, a rock monkey flew out.

 The rock monkey landed on the ground and scratched its ears, shouting: “Brilliant, truly brilliant!”

 Plop.

 At the other end, Che Wei could no longer endure it, he fainted on the spot.

 Fairy Yu Xiu’s expression became even more peculiar: “This rock monkey is born from heaven and earth, it is extraordinary. It even has incredible talent surpassing Che Wei. With such potential, it will definitely reach great heights in the future!”

 “Amazing, amazing.”

 “What a pity, what a pity.”

 Fairy Yu Xiu sighed continuously.

 She was referring to Limitless Demon Venerable when she said ‘amazing’.

 Limitless Demon Venerable created Crazed Demon Cave, the derivation of new heaven path dao marks went on for over a million years, the results were huge. This rock monkey was the proof of it!

 This rock monkey’s potential and comprehension ability even surpassed Heavenly Court’s members, it defeated Che Wei!

 If this rock monkey was nurtured well and grew successfully, it might create its own path in the future.

 But this rock monkey was destined to have a pitiful ending, it could not live for long.

 It was meant to be Limitless Demon Venerable’s sacrifice!

 Even Heavenly Court could not let it off.

 Because it was not a pure human.

 This was also why Fairy Yu Xiu said ‘what a pity’.

 The rock monkey lasted for a few more minutes before falling on the ground, unconscious.

 Fairy Yu Xiu stopped using the killer move, she started to rest.

 Even though she did not consume her attainment level, the price of using this move was quite high. Be they thoughts, immortal essence, or her own lifespan, they were expended.

 Not long after, the Gu Immortals started to wake up.

 They started to cheer, unable to control themselves.

 Their attainment levels had all risen, the problems that they faced normally with killer moves or incomplete Immortal Gu recipes were all resolvable now.

 Many Gu Immortals even had new ideas regarding the modification of their current killer moves.

 “Thank you, sage, for imparting the Dao to us!”

 “Sage has unsurpassed virtue for imparting the Dao to us!”

 The Gu Immortals knelt on the ground of their own will.

 Fairy Yu Xiu smiled, her voice spreading throughout Book Mountain, before spreading to the entire Green Lotus World: “Three days later, I will hold another session to impart the Dao on Book Mountain again.”

 The immortals were stunned, at the next moment, a thunderous cheer resounded.

 Three days later, not only on Book Mountain itself, even a large number of Gu Masters gathered near the base of Book Mountain.

 Gu Masters could only surround Book Mountain but not ascend it, on the mountain base and the sides, many new Gu Immortals showed up.

 These Gu Immortals came from various small worlds, hearing that a sage was imparting the Dao on Book Mountain, they came of their own accord to benefit from it.

 Fairy Yu Xiu used endless learning again.

 As illusions started to show up, everyone saw different sights.

 “I can see many flowers!”

 “So many pig heads are flying in the sky…”

 “Fairy, don’t run, you can’t escape from me! Hehehe…”

 “That rascal is dead meat, I’m telling you, even a Gu Immortal cannot save him!”

 “The man of my dreams is an unparalleled hero who will come and marry me while riding on a rainbow cloud, even though I am also a man.”



***
Chapter 2164 - Ant Poison Appears Again


***





 



 All sorts of illusions appeared.

 Soon, the Gu Masters outside of the mountain quickly fell unconscious one by one.

 Next, the ones on the mountain, those Gu Immortals who had attended the previous session also fainted in succession.

 During the first session, they had already reached their limits. After just three days, the growth of their foundation was very limited.

 Even Heavenly Court’s members were no exception.

 After them were the various mutant Gu Immortals of the small worlds. They had deep foundations and this was their first time attending the Dao lesson.

 “Hmm?” Fairy Yu Xiu expressed her surprise again.

 Among these mutant Gu Immortals, she found another genius this time.

 It was a lump of deep green colored tornado, it persevered until the end. The aptitude and comprehension ability it displayed was equally matched with the rock monkey.

 When this tornado Gu Immortal fell unconscious, Fairy Yu Xiu also stopped using her killer move.

 By the time they awakened, she announced again: Three days later, the next session will be held.

 For the third Dao lesson, even more Gu Immortals came.

 Not only the mutants of the various small worlds, even Savage Wilderness Great World’s and Yellow Earth Great World’s Gu Immortals came.

 Eventually, the one who lasted until the end was a lizard Gu Immortal.

 This immortal came from Savage Wilderness Great World, its aptitude was on par with the rock monkey and tornado, they were extraordinarily talented.

 Fairy Yu Xiu conducted three Dao lessons in total, the influence was not just kept in the three great worlds, it even spread to the remaining small worlds. Not only the small worlds at the boundaries of the three great worlds, but even many other small worlds that were currently being drawn to the central area.

 Fairy Yu Xiu achieved her goal, the effect was evident.

 Their impression on the various Gu Immortals of Green Lotus Grand World improved greatly, many Gu Immortals chose to join them.

 Yu Xiu chose three leaders from among them, they were the rock monkey Bu Tian Kong, the tornado immortal Nie Kuang Feng, and finally, the lizard Gu Immortal from Savage Wilderness Great World, Duan Hu.

 But a large number of Gu Immortals still chose to watch on the fence.

 These Gu Immortals mostly came from small worlds, their worlds were still moving now, they had not landed near the three great worlds yet.

 “Since this change occurred in the void, the unification of the worlds cannot be avoided, we need to find a good allegiance!”

 “Indeed, we are all rulers of our small world, we can influence where we end up in to a certain extent.”

 “Green Lotus Great World’s sage gave a Dao lesson, I wonder if the other two worlds’ sages will do the same?”

 Unavoidably, these Gu Immortals started to hold expectations.

 A capable person will often choose to find a capable leader.

 Even though they were native Gu Immortals that were not human, they had ample intelligence and were quite astute.

 From Fairy Yu Xiu’s Dao lessons, they sensed that she was trying to recruit them.

 The three great worlds were in heated conflict, the amount of losses was huge and severe, it was the stage for them to shine on.

 They even started to spread the word.

 “If the other two great worlds do not give such a benefit, we will join Green Lotus Great World!”

 “The three great worlds have existed for so long, Green Lotus Great World’s sage imparted wisdom on everyone, they are truly magnanimous and benevolent. I am sure that the other two worlds’ sages are the same.”

 “We will join whichever world gives the greatest benefits.”

 These Gu Immortals wanted to gain the most benefits for themselves.

 As for which world they would end up joining?

 Haha, they can decide that after getting the benefits!

 The situation changed abruptly, Lu Wei Yin quickly went to Fang Yuan for a discussion.

 Lu Wei Yin sighed: “Currently, Heavenly Court has the initiative again, after cooperating with Longevity Heaven, we managed to destabilize Heavenly Court’s advantage over us, but with Fairy Yu Xiu’s Dao lessons, all our efforts ended up in vain. But thankfully, the situation is salvageable, how should we go on to recruit those Gu Immortals who are still on the fence?”

 Fang Yuan was silent.

 These mutant Gu Immortals who were still roaming around were top tier cannon fodder, Heavenly Court’s recruitment of them was a great move.

 Fairy Yu Xiu’s method also expanded Fang Yuan’s horizons.

 “Learning Gu… endless learning…”

 Other than the dream realm, this was the first time Fang Yuan saw a killer move capable of directly raising attainment levels.

 In the five hundred years of his previous life, he had no recollection of such a killer move.

 From what he gathered and from Lu Wei Yin’s information, there was no warning or hint that such a killer move existed.

 This meant that the killer move was likely a new creation of Heavenly Court.

 Heavenly Court had deep foundation and countless elites who progressed and developed with time.

 Lu Wei Yin looked at Fang Yuan as he said: “This killer move is extraordinary, it can raise the power of an entire force. Attainment level is very hard to raise, even I am slightly moved by Heavenly Court’s offer. There is also something more worrying, within >, there are records that Ren Zu and the other two went into Primordial Domain using true meaning.”

 “Heavenly Court possesses the killer move endless learning, this means that they have a method of creating true meaning that is unique in this world. This method might allow them to enter Primordial Domain earlier than others, or even like Book Mountain, they might be able to obtain Primordial Domain from the ninth layer!”

 Fang Yuan nodded slightly.

 Lu Wei Yin was very astute, all of his words made sense.

 Primordial Domain was the key factor in the conflict of the three parties, even if a venerable revives successfully, to become a true Dao Lord again, they need to rely on Primordial Domain.

 One could say that whoever obtains Primordial Domain first would gain the greatest advantage, they would become the eventual winner of this fight!

 Fang Yuan pondered: “Endless learning is truly incredible and useful, but we also have a strategic level killer move ourselves. I have already used it.”

 Lu Wei Yin’s expression turned to joy as he guessed: “That lingering poisonous ant plague killer move?”

 Fang Yuan nodded while adding: “I used this move in Eastern Sea before, let’s see how Heavenly Court deals with it. Other than that, we need to keep an eye on Longevity Heaven, I am quite curious about their following actions.”

 Lu Wei Yin thought about it and added: “Lord, since you have already used lingering poisonous ant plague, we should take the initiative to attack and exert pressure, when Heavenly Court is busy dealing with it, they will not have the time or energy to resist this move.”

 Fang Yuan had already shut his eyes: “You can go handle this matter. I want to deduce the Paradise Earth true inheritance here.”

 Lu Wei Yin immediately took his leave, his best idea was to communicate with Longevity Heaven and attack in unison.

 After getting Lu Wei Yin’s invitation, Longevity Heaven did not hesitate, they cooperated smoothly.

 The truth was, their pressure was higher.

 Many Gu Immortals defected from Savage Wilderness Great World to Green Lotus Great World, even more than Yellow Earth Great World. The most famous among them was Duan Hu.

 This rank eight expert was very famous in Savage Wilderness Great World, with him taking the lead to join Heavenly Court, the influence on Longevity Heaven was dire.

 Days later, Longevity Heaven and Fang Yuan sent out their troops again to attack Green Lotus Great World.

 In the sky, Gu Immortals fought intensely.

 “Kill!” Golden Fur Immortal Monarch held two large hammers on both hands as he attacked aggressively.

 He was covered in thick golden fur, he had many Immortal Gu and killer moves, allowing his defense to be tight, he had no worries about charging forward.

 The formation of Heavenly Court’s mutant Gu Immortals were disrupted many times because of him.

 “Don’t be too arrogant.” A child-like wood path Gu Immortal with grass growing on his head gritted his teeth as he blocked Golden Fur Immortal Monarch.

 Golden Fur Immortal Monarch’s advancement was halted, he fought against this immortal.

 After dozens of rounds, there was no clear victor.

 “Hmph!”

 “I am Grass Head Child, I was born with an Immortal Gu, I am blessed with great fortune.”

 “You have Immortal Gu, but my Immortal Gu are also not fewer than yours!”

 This wood path Gu Immortal shouted with a confident disposition.

 Suddenly, his expression became distorted as his body started twisting around.

 “So itchy!” Suddenly, Grass Head Child could not endure the intense feeling.

 Wave of ants crawled out of his body, piercing his grass skin.

 “What is going on? What are these things!” Grass Head Child was shocked, he quickly retreated.

 “Hahaha, where are you going!” Golden Fur Immortal Monarch saw the chance and chased relentlessly.

 Grass Head Child was hit by the killer move lingering poisonous ant plague, he was greatly distracted and lost his momentum, after several rounds, he was smashed into pulp by Golden Fur Immortal Monarch’s hammer, dying on the spot.

 Similar scenes were occurring to the other mutant Gu Immortals.

 With the activation of lingering poisonous ant plague, the situation was immediately changed.

 Originally, Heavenly Court had many mutant Gu Immortals, they were able to enter a deadlock with Fang Yuan’s subordinates who were better equipped, but now that their immortal apertures were getting attacked, they lost all their morale, they had no will to fight.

 “Run!”

 “Why are there ants on my body as well?”

 “Don’t kill me, I surrender!”

 The formation collapsed entirely, Fang Yuan’s subordinates chased after them and obtained great results.

 “This is the outcome for siding with Green Lotus Great World!”

 “All the Gu Immortals who sided with them faced the judgment of lingering poisonous ant plague.”

 “Kill all the captives, our master has given orders, we will not accept them!”

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and the rest cheered loudly, resounding in the entire battlefield.

 They worked with another group from Longevity Heaven, making great advances and forcing Heavenly Court’s mutant Gu Immortals to run in fear, unable to retaliate.

 The defeated mutant Gu Immortals found that they could not resolve lingering poisonous ant plague killer move, they had to rush to Book Mountain and kneel towards the peak, requesting for the sage’s help.

 At the peak of Book Mountain.

 Qin Ding Ling frowned: “Fang Yuan used that move after all! If we cannot resolve it, our great advantage is going to be lost entirely.”

 Many of the mutant Gu Immortals were still watching in anticipation.

 If Green Lotus Great World was too weak, even if the benefits were huge, they would not join them.

 After all, great benefits were pointless unless one had sufficient lifespan to enjoy them.

 At this moment, Fairy Yu Xiu defended Book Mountain while Fairy Ming Hao went to the front lines, preventing Longevity Heaven’s troops from causing any more trouble.

 Fairy Yu Xiu was also quite troubled: “You have already given us the information of this lingering poisonous ant plague killer move. This is quite an impressive move, it contains poison path, enslavement path, refinement path, wood path, food path, and even heaven path profundity.”

 “It contains heaven path profundity?” Qin Ding Ling was deeply shocked: “No wonder Eastern Sea’s Righteous Qi Alliance can only alleviate the effects of this move but not remove it completely!”



***
Chapter 2165 - Operation of Heaven and Earth


***





 



 Peak of Book Mountain.

 Regarding Fang Yuan’s lingering poisonous ant plague, Fairy Yu Xiu explained: “Thankfully, this move had already been used in Eastern Sea before, you also made Zui Xian Weng infiltrate Righteous Qi Alliance and obtained first-hand information about it. Thus, I am prepared against it.”

 “But the current lingering poisonous ant plague has been modified by Fang Yuan. My original method isn’t going to be suitable, I need to modify it as well.”

 Qin Ding Ling heard this as her expression eased up slightly: “That will be good.”

 Fairy Yu Xiu smiled: “I only need three days to succeed. During this period, Heavenly Court can spread the news regarding lingering poisonous ant plague to everyone.”



 Qin Ding Ling acknowledged and left.

 Not long after, the mutant Gu Immortals learned of the situation, they became very angry.

 “Yellow Earth Great World’s sage is truly too vicious!”

 “I’ve heard that Yellow Earth Great World’s Gu Immortals are united and harmonious. To think that their sage is such a vicious person, this is really a huge disappointment to everyone.”

 “In comparison, Green Lotus Great World’s sage is really magnanimous, they have the disposition of a sage. Even Savage Wilderness Great World’s sage pales in comparison.”

 The observing Gu Immortals were very disappointed. They waited for so long but neither Longevity Heaven nor Fang Yuan gave the response that they wanted.

 They gained nothing from waiting, Yellow Earth Great World and Savage Wilderness Great World directly sent their troops and started the war!

 These mutant Gu Immortals were very disappointed, but they also started to get angrier.

 “The sages of these two great worlds are acting like this, are they not afraid that we will join Green Lotus Great World?”

 “Hmph, the sages of these two worlds are too high and mighty.”

 “Forget it, I will join Green Lotus Great World instead!”

 All of the observing mutant Gu Immortals chose to join Heavenly Court.

 “Heavenly Court’s wisdom path method is quite formidable. The emotions of these mutant Gu Immortals were influenced, according to what I know, many Gu Immortals made the decision to join Heavenly Court in a spurt of anger.” Lu Wei Yin sighed as he explained to Fang Yuan.

 Heavenly Court first spread information of Fang Yuan’s vicious method before helping the mutant Gu Immortals resolve their lingering poisonous ant plague without asking for compensation, finally, they even used a method to influence the emotions of these mutant Gu Immortals.

 After this series of actions, not only did they alleviate lingering poisonous ant plague’s terrifying effect, they even retaliated and caused Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven’s position to be worse than before.

 “Currently, Heavenly Court has recruited many mutant Gu Immortals, their advantage in numbers is increasingly evident. Should we recall our troops at the front lines?” Lu Wei Yin asked.

 Fang Yuan smiled as he waved his hand: “Heavenly Court is formidable, according to my deduction, this mysterious wisdom path killer move contains heaven path profundity too, it is similar to heaven’s will and has the ability to influence the thoughts and emotions of living beings.”

 “Lingering poisonous ant plague has been troubling the Righteous Qi Alliance but Heavenly Court managed to resolve this move so easily.”

 “In fact, I even modified this move once again.”

 “However, Longevity Heaven is taking action now, let’s watch and see before making a decision.”

 Gu Tou Luan was one of the mutant Gu Immortals who joined Heavenly Court.

 After making the agreement with Heavenly Court, she traveled through the void and returned to her small world.

 Using several days, she set up an immortal formation.

 This immortal formation was Heavenly Court’s reinforcement, after activating it, it could influence the travel route of the small world, allowing it to land on the boundary of Green Lotus Great World.

 “Green Lotus Great World’s sage is truly unfathomable. This immortal formation is amazing and has huge power but the expended immortal essence is so little.”

 Gu Tou Luan praised internally as she activated the immortal formation.

 The immortal formation burst out with profound light, spreading from the inside to the outside of the small world.

 The small world had always been moving towards the center of the void, but under the effect of the immortal formation, it started to change its trajectory slightly.

 “Hmm?!” After several breaths of time, Gu Tou Luan’s expression turned to shock.

 “What is going on? I activated the immortal formation but the small world is uncontrollable, it is forcefully moving towards another direction!”

 “Is the immortal formation ineffective?”

 Gu Tou Luan quickly checked and was shocked to find out: It was not that the immortal formation was useless, but a profound force had been influencing her small world from long ago.

 Compared to this vast force, the immortal formation had no strength to counter it.

 Gu Tou Luan could only watch as her homeland flew and landed on the boundary of Savage Wilderness Great World.

 This was not a unique situation, many small worlds were influenced and landed on Savage Wilderness Great World, while others were still on their way.

 Gu Tou Luan and the other mutant Gu Immortals were stunned.

 They joined Green Lotus Great World, but their own small worlds ended up in Savage Wilderness Great World, they would definitely be absorbed by Savage Wilderness Great World and fuse into it.

 “This is the method of Savage Wilderness Great World’s sage!”

 “Unbelievable, that sage already took action long ago. He is actually able to attract all the small worlds.”

 “Only those small worlds at the periphery were spared.”

 “What do we do?”

 Many Gu Immortals were starting to feel regret. Had they known this, they would not have joined Green Lotus Great World so quickly.

 Peak of Book Mountain.

 “This is Giant Sun’s heaven and earth luck method.” Qin Ding Ling sighed: “Fate is fixed while luck is a variable. Longevity Heaven disregarded the cost and brought Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace here, they have already started to influence the heaven and earth luck of the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave. Thus, these small worlds were all drawn to them.”

 “It is a venerable method after all.” Fairy Yu Xiu sighed. Even though they could understand Longevity Heaven’s method, they had no way of resolving it.

 Not only because Longevity Heaven was superior to Heavenly Court in terms of luck path methods.

 But because this method was used by Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, to resolve it, they had to destroy the palace.

 And Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace had been hiding deep within Savage Wilderness Great World, now that pseudo venerables could not use their full strength, who could reach it and destroy it?

 Heavenly Court had no answer, they could only sit and wait.

 This way, Heavenly Court gathered most of the mutant Gu Immortals, they had advantage in numbers. Longevity Heaven obtained most of the small worlds, Savage Wilderness Great World was growing and expanding rapidly.

 Only Fang Yuan’s side was the weakest, during this period, not only did they not recruit many mutant Gu Immortals, they also failed to get many small worlds.

 Heavenly Court started to instruct the mutant Gu Immortals to retaliate, the front lines that went deep into Green Lotus Great World started to be pushed away outwards again.

 Gu Masters gathered into armies, fighting and killing all over the battlefield.

 Immortals fought in the air, it was an intense battle.

 Rock monkey Bu Tian Kong roamed unhindered, with a sudden roar, it vanished on the spot.

 “This move again!” Bing Zhuo’s eyelids were twitching, he quickly looked around him: “Where? Where will he show up?!”

 But Bu Tian Kong did not attack Bing Zhuo, it teleported behind Shi Zong instead.

 “Take my fist!” Bu Tian Kong shouted.

 Shi Zong quickly defended himself but his defensive killer move was quickly broken through.

 Bu Tian Kong’s fist pierced Shi Zong’s chest, protruding out of his back.

 Bu Tian Kong snickered, its body shook as a killer move was activated, Shi Zong exploded and shattered into pieces that flew everywhere.

 Shi Zong and Bing Zhuo were rank eight Gu Immortals, while Bu Tian Kong also had rank eight cultivation level, to think that he managed to kill Shi Zong while going up against two opponents.

 “No matter what formation this is, I will send it flying!” At the other end, Nie Kuang Feng, who was inside the Rotting Smell Vicious Cloud formation, shouted.

 The six eggman Gu Immortals from Rotten Egg grotto-heaven formed into the ancient battle formation Rotting Smell Vicious Cloud as they trapped Nie Kuang Feng for some time, at this point, they were unable to hold on anymore as the latter broke out from within.

 The six eggman Gu Immortals spat out blood in response, they were either dead or injured.

 And on another battlefield.

 Duan Hu fought against Lu Tong Lan.

 Lu Tong Lan was the Desolate Extremity of the Eight Extremities, but she actually fell into a disadvantage.

 Duan Hu’s attacks were powerful and wild, its body was tough like a mountain, when colliding, it felt like one was colliding with the world itself, Lu Tong Lan’s blue phoenix totem killer move was almost destroyed in the fight.

 “These three immortals were born with immense innate luck, they are the luck children of Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer. Originally, Yellow Earth Great World should have produced such an expert too, it is a pity…”

 Fang Yuan understood the reason behind these three immortals’ existence, he casted his gaze at Paradise Earth’s tomb.

 Using luck inspection killer move, he saw that this Paradise Earth’s tomb had immense luck that resembled a yellow soil mountain, it was unmoving and incredibly dense.

 These days, with their losses at the front lines, many of Fang Yuan’s subordinates also died.

 But Fang Yuan remained calm as ice, these fatalities were just numbers to him.

 The longer this dragged on, the more advantageous it was for him.

 Fang Yuan had already comprehended a lot of the profundities regarding Paradise Earth’s tomb, in the past he did not have the ability to create his own Tomb Earth, but now, he could create a huge graveyard in the sovereign immortal aperture to act as a node of the earth vein.

 Most of Fang Yuan’s time and energy were spent comprehending the refinement path profundity here.

 Ordinary Gu Immortals refined Immortal Gu, while Limitless Demon Venerable refined the worlds of heaven and earth.

 This gap in refinement path was now quickly filled up by Fang Yuan, he was even gaining huge results from it.

 At the same time, Fang Yuan gained a deeper and clearer understanding of Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements.

 “It is time.” Fang Yuan muttered lightly, he gazed afar with his deep abyss-like eyes.

 Crack!

 A shocking flash of lightning landed on the battlefield.

 The immortals on the battlefield were shocked.

 In an instant, lightning bolts crashed down like a forest, the immortals had to stop and retreat immediately.

 Thereafter, tribulations of various intensity rained down like a torrent, occurring to all three great worlds and their boundaries.

 At the peak of Book Mountain, Qin Ding Ling was shocked: “What is going on?”

 After making some deductions, Fairy Yu Xiu explained confidently: “This is Limitless Demon Venerable’s method, so it turns out that when the fusion of worlds reach a certain stage, tribulations will befall.”

 At the same time, Fang Yuan’s gaze focused on these tribulations that were extremely far away.

 Waves of comprehension emerged in the depth of his mind.

 “All tribulations are superb methods in refining heaven and earth.”

 “Gu Immortals manage their immortal aperture, under normal circumstances, their main source of dao marks come from tribulations.”

 “When Gu Immortals successfully pass a tribulation, they would gain a large number of dao marks. These dao marks will modify the immortal aperture and cause the environment to change, this is the refinement of heaven and earth.”

 By expanding this logic, all tribulations were refinement path methods.

 Fang Yuan smiled lightly.

 At this point, the refinement path profundity regarding the refinement of the world and heaven and earth had already been comprehended by him to a large extent.

 “Earlier, my luck gave me an indication. Now is the time to use that move.”

 Fang Yuan started to activate heaven’s envy Immortal Gu!



***
Chapter 2166 - Heaven Envies Heroic Geniuses


***





 Chapter 2166: Heaven Envies Heroic Geniuses 

 The sky was in chaos, Gu Immortals fought intensely everywhere.


 Wild winds blew, wind blades shot all over the place.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch paused for a moment, his body was surrounded by wind blades from all directions.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s square face was covered in frost, he snorted coldly, he shot out immense crystal frost qi that destroyed all the wind blades.


 But at the next moment, Nie Kuang Feng suddenly arrived right before him.


 Nie Kuang Feng was a green tornado to begin with, it condensed into a ball and burst out with a terrifying suction force!


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch wanted to dodge but it was too late, he was trapped by the tornado, unable to escape for the moment.


 “Oh no!” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s expression changed.


 It was too late to use extreme ice crystal light immortal suppression coffin now.


 Normally speaking, the stronger the killer move, the longer the time needed to use it. When fighting against Nie Kuang Feng, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch could not find the time or opportunity to use this move.


 At the crucial moment, this move could no longer be used. During a deadlock, using this move would expose weaknesses for the enemy to exploit. Even if he used it, with the enemy on guard, the effect would not be decisive either.


 “Hehehe, this is my signature killer move — Wind Suction Life Twister! I spent thirty years to painstakingly create it, before spending a hundred years to modify it. Nobody has ever survived against this move, you will be no exception.”


 Nie Kuang Feng laughed wildly.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s expression was grim, it was too late to dodge now, he could only activate his defensive killer moves desperately.


 “Ahh—!”


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch cried out in pain.


 First, his arms were absorbed into Nie Kuang Feng’s body, even though they were covered in thick ice crystals, they only lasted for a few moments before disintegrating.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s arms were directly shredded into particles!


 Next was Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s body.


 “I am finished.” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch felt despair at this moment, but suddenly, a bolt of black lightning shot down.


 Nie Kuang Feng was directly hit and suffered a huge blow, its suction force stopped for a moment.


 The speed of Nie Kuang Feng’s wind ball tornado fell greatly, within the green wind, there was a large area of black ink-like color that got corrupted.


 “Damn it, tribulations appeared again.” Nie Kuang Feng gritted its teeth.


 Since several days ago, tribulations started to occur at all corners of the various great worlds.


 Especially places with more Gu Immortals, they would encounter more tribulations.


 Now that there were many Gu Immortals fighting intensely on the battlefield, it was not strange to have many tribulations occurring here.


 Nie Kuang Feng’s attention was drawn to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch again: “Die!” 

 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch tried his best to break free but he could not get away from Nie Kuang Feng’s suction force, he was pulled into Nie Kuang Feng’s body inch by inch.


 “I am finished!” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch felt despair at this moment once again, but suddenly, a bolt of black lightning shot down.


 Crack, the black lightning bolt landed on Nie Kuang Feng.


 Nie Kuang Feng froze again, the black color in the green wind tornado became denser.


 “This tribulation is so strong, it can actually cause such injuries to me.” Nie Kuang Feng sighed, growling at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch: “But you cannot escape, your life is mine!”


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was sucked into the tornado again.


 “It seems that my life is really going to end here.” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch sighed again, but at this moment, a bolt of black lightning shot down on Nie Kuang Feng.


 Nie Kuang Feng’s movements froze, the tornado twisted and almost seemed like it would explode!


 “What happened?”


 “What is going on with this tribulation?!”


 “Why did it hit me three times in a row? I am so close to Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch yet it did not even hit him once?”


 “Is his luck that good? I don’t believe it!”


 “I’ll suck him in with me!”


 Crack.


 Black lightning shot down, landing on Nie Kuang Feng.


 Nie Kuang Feng refused to believe its luck: “I’ll do it again.”


 Crack.


 “I do not believe it, I’ll draw him in!”


 Crack, crack, crack!


 Nie Kuang Feng could not take it anymore.


 As black lightning bolts continued to shoot down, they landed on his head without any deviation.


 Nie Kuang Feng’s body almost collapsed, it could not draw in Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch anymore.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch took the chance to retreat, quickly getting away from Nie Kuang Feng.


 “I actually survived? What in the world is going on?” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch was lucky to survive, he was filled with disbelief and surprise.


 Far away, black lightning continued to land on Nie Kuang Feng.


 No matter where Nie Kuang Feng went, black lightning seemed to target it specifically.


 No, not only black lightning, soon, tribulations like blood dragons and grey spirits also went to approach Nie Kuang Feng.


 Nie Kuang Feng was going crazy, at this moment, it felt like the entire world was going against it!


 Of course, tribulations also landed on other Gu Immortals, but Nie Kuang Feng experienced the most animosity from these tribulations.


 While Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch healed himself, he observed and found another person who faced the same situation as Nie Kuang Feng.


 It was rock monkey Bu Tian Kong!


 This unlucky monkey was currently fighting against several rank eight Gu Immortals like Solid Rock Warrior.


 Countless bats and white flying cranes attacked him, disrupting the rock monkey’s attacks and causing it to lose momentum.


 Even though Solid Rock Warrior and the rest were also affected by the tribulations, they were less targeted and found an opportunity to retaliate fiercely.


 The rock monkey was very troubled, in this situation, it could only turn from offensive to defensive.


 Peak of Book Mountain.


 “What is going on?” Qin Ding Ling stood up, her expression had changed.


 Book Mountain was an information path secluded domain of heaven and earth, because of Heavenly Court’s method, it had been collecting the information of the two battlefields.


 Thus, even though Qin Ding Ling stayed at the headquarters, she quickly observed many of the changes in the battlefields.


 Currently, Heavenly Court’s troops had already moved into Savage Wilderness Great World and Yellow Earth Great World.


 The tribulations in Savage Wilderness Great World were quite low regardless of strength or quantity.


 Green Lotus Great World had an ordinary number of tribulations.


 But Yellow Earth Great World was clearly abnormal, not only were they more severe, they even targeted Nie Kuang Feng and Bu Tian Kong.


 “What is going on here?” Qin Ding Ling was uncertain and shocked.


 Fairy Yu Xiu had started her deduction long ago, after getting the result, she said: “Amazing move, this should be Fang Yuan’s work. This mysterious killer move can actually amplify calamities and tribulations of heaven and earth, prioritizing the targets that have the most outstanding aptitude and talent.”


 “Nie Kuang Feng and Bu Tian Kong represent the small worlds and Green Lotus Great World respectively, they are two of those who have the greatest innate luck among all the inhabitants of Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer.”


 “Thus, they were targeted specifically!”


 “Hmm?” Saying this, Fairy Yu Xiu’s expression suddenly changed: “This killer move’s range is increasing rapidly, it has already arrived here.”


 “Oh no.” Qin Ding Ling’s expression changed yet again as she raised her head to look up.


 Above Book Mountain, tribulation clouds rumbled, covering the entire sky with endless thick layers of over ten thousand li of space!


 “The tribulations are still intensifying, what is going on?” Qin Ding Ling gritted her teeth, even someone like her felt a terrifying might from the tribulation clouds above her.


 Fairy Yu Xiu’s expression was grim: “This tribulation is targeting Fairy Feng Ya. She possesses talent Gu, she has been in closed cultivation to deduce Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangement to the best of her abilities.”


 When wisdom path Gu Immortals made deductions, they were also exposing themselves.


 Thus, heaven and earth detected Fairy Feng Ya’s existence, it started to create a tribulation to exterminate her!


 “Fang Yuan’s mysterious killer move actually makes use of Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangement to attack our Heavenly Court, he is really vicious.” Qin Ding Ling said in anger: “Lady Yu Xiu, please allow me to bring Divine Emperor City to the front lines and find trouble with Fang Yuan so that he cannot use this move casually.”


 “No. That is exactly what Fang Yuan wants to see.” Fairy Yu Xiu shook her head and said with a firm attitude: “The key now is to protect Fairy Feng Ya. We will gather our formation and resist the tribulation, we will give Fairy Feng Ya the most optimal environment to make deductions.”


 At almost the same time, in Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun also sensed Fang Yuan’s method, he praised in amazement: “This method contains heaven path profundity, it is truly out of my expectations that Fang Yuan seems to be cultivating heaven path! I wonder what the name of this move is?”


 “Hmph!” Desolate Extremity Jiao Huo said in displeasure: “Fang Yuan has already allied with us, yet he is using this move on our Savage Wilderness Great World as well, causing our subordinates to face its effects too.”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun smiled lightly: “When we made the alliance agreement, he had already considered this, thus he used the loophole and is not breaking our alliance. After all, this move is mainly targeting the Gu Immortal Duan Hu.”


 “But our Gu Immortals are being weakened by the tribulation, that is the truth.” Jiao Huo said.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun nodded, his gaze turning deeper: “He is forcing me to take action. Hahaha, very interesting, then I shall make my move to deal with this method.”


 “Master!” All the Gu Immortals in the hall shouted in concern.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun waved his hand: “Don’t worry, the fate war has ended for a long time already, my strength has been recovering steadily. Moreover, I am taking action now not just to deal with Fang Yuan’s killer move but also to participate in the operations of the worlds, I want to observe Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements more deeply.”


 At the next moment, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace shot out with a beam of light soaring to the sky, it was grand and powerful, shining in golden radiance.


 “Very good, Longevity Heaven took action already.” Fang Yuan soon sensed the commotion at Savage Wilderness Great World.


 He looked over there, his gaze crossing a huge distance as he analyzed Savage Wilderness Great World.


 “Longevity Heaven had a trump card indeed.”


 “At this moment, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace activated and surged with luck path aura. This effect mixed into the operations of the worlds, combining with Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements to hasten the fusion of the small worlds.”


 “No, there is also the method of all living beings luck in use.”


 “Longevity Heaven’s subordinate mutant Gu Immortals are being taken care of, they are facing less pressure from the tribulations now.”


 Fang Yuan observed for some time and gained great insights.


 At his current level, he could already gain comprehension of other paths using his own as a foundation. Right now, by just observing a move from Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, Fang Yuan could deduce a lot of the profundity of all living beings luck and heaven and earth luck.


 The move that Fang Yuan activated was called heaven envies heroic geniuses, it used heaven’s envy Immortal Gu as the core and targeted those people with outstanding talents.


 Originally, Fang Yuan wanted to use this move on venerables, but now, it was unleashed at a superb timing, it complemented Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements and used his power to allow this move to spread out across the various great worlds, amplifying its strength!



***
Chapter 2167 - Wooden Statue Lord Wu Guang


***





 Chapter 2167: Wooden Statue Lord Wu Guang 

 It rained not long ago.


 The sky of Northern Plains was pale white, it looked extremely clear.


 A Gu Immortal lowered his altitude, he was only tens of feet above the ground, flying rapidly as he scanned the area below him, seeming trying to find something.


 This Gu Immortal was bare chested, his body was well proportioned and his muscles were bulging. He has an ordinary face, a sharp nose and pursed lips, giving the impression of a man with perseverance.


 He looked at the ground with lush growing grass, a field of green filled his vision. But observing closely, he found that the ground below the grass were cracked and shattered, there was something going on here.


 Because the Northern Plains Gu Immortal had sensed something amiss here, he came to investigate.


 Now, he had already inspected the range of a hundred li.


 Suddenly, a green shadow flashed in the crack of the ground.


 “Found you!” The Northern Plains Gu Immortal’s eyes shined, he flew down rapidly with a grey shadow around him, he was filled with determination like an eagle hunting its prey.


 Rumble!


 The Northern Plains Gu Immortal directly crashed into the ground, causing a huge explosion, rocks flew while grass swayed in the air from the shock wave.


 The Gu Immortal hit the target with one attack!


 “Hmm?” At the next moment, his pupils contracted.


 The ground cracked open, revealing a huge body below the topsoil, it resembled a huge yellow dragon.


 But looking closely, it was not a dragon but a huge trunk of a ginseng.


 The ginseng trunk was yellow in color, covered in wrinkles and gave people a feeling of great strength.


 Even though it was attacked, the ginseng trunk exploded with terrifying power, as if a giant dragon was turning over its body.


 Boom, boom, the surrounding ground was cracked again, grass and soil splattered, the Northern Plains Gu Immortal was sent flying by this action.


 He flew up into the sky and saw the entirety of the ginseng. In the surrounding hundred li of area, yellowish ginseng roots were protruding out of the soil, it looked like a forest had appeared.


 Several hundred roots that resembled yellow dragons attacked the Northern Plains Gu Immortal in a frenzy.


 The Gu Immortal took a deep breath, grey shadows appeared around his body.


 Under the cover of the grey shadows, his figure became blurred like a shadow, he alternated between intangible and solid.


 As the ginseng roots landed on his body, they passed through like he was an illusion, there was no effect.


 The Northern Plains Gu Immortal was like the moon in the lake, no matter how the water rippled, he was completely unaffected.


 The Gu Immortal thus regained his footing and started to prepare his offensive method.


 As the killer move was unleashed, greenish grey wooden spikes with the size of ancient trees stabbed into the ginseng roots, pinning them to the ground.


 The Gu Immortal continued to use this move as the surrounding ginseng roots fell in number.


 “What a good thing!” The Northern Plains Gu Immortal was called Wu Guang, he was a rank seven wood path Gu Immortal, titled Wooden Statue Lord.


 He observed the ginseng roots for some time, his gaze becoming increasingly heated.


 This yellowish ginseng was a mysterious product, even the wood path cultivator Wu Guang did not know much about it.


 But this was quite a common situation. After the five regions merged, earth veins rumbled and qi tides surged, a vast quantity of cultivation resources appeared one by one, among which were many strange and mysterious things.


 This ancient desolate plant was one of them.


 It was found by Wooden Statue Lord Wu Guang by chance.


 This gigantic ginseng had extraordinary value.


 If Wu Guang could successfully obtain it, it would be a profitable source of revenue in the long run. But it was not easy to subdue a wild ancient desolate plant, compared to those desolate plants who were cultivated from saplings.


 Subduing an ancient desolate plant required enslavement path methods, this was not Wu Guang’s expertise.


 But he was not asking for much now, he wanted to kill the giant ginseng and get a huge quantity of immortal materials.


 Problems would arise if this dragged on, he was currently in the territory of the Huang Jin bloodline tribes, if they found him, the lone immortal Wu Guang would not reap any gains.


 Immortal killer move — Decaying Wooden Death!


 After the roots surrounding Wu Guang thinned to a certain extent, Wu Guang pushed with both palms, a loud explosion could be heard, a grey light pillar shot through the sky, landing on the trunk of the ginseng.


 On the ginseng trunk, a huge hole was formed, it got instantly pierced by the light pillar.


 The roots that were still attacking Wu Guang seemed to have lost all their strength, they fell to the ground like feeble insects, no longer having their strength like before.


 “It is over.” Wu Guang smiled lightly, but suddenly, his expression changed!


 Rumble!


 At the next moment, the ground shook intensely like heaven and earth was flipping around. A thousand ginseng roots appeared at once, they were tall and mighty, each being over a hundred feet in height, roots filled the entire place as their shadow cast down on Wu Guang’s body.p


 Wu Guang was greatly shocked to realize that the ginseng trunk he perceived earlier was merely a larger branch of the entire plant.


 “This ancient desolate plant likely has tens of thousands of years of history. It is very close to rank eight, it is at the peak of an ancient desolate plant!” Wu Guang was deeply shook.


 Countless roots slammed down.


 Wu Guang quickly dodged them.


 But right at this moment, the wild Immortal Gu living in a certain part of the ginseng burst out with power, causing Wu Guang’s speed to fall rapidly.


 Wu Guang was hit by many roots at the same time.


 At the crucial moment, the grey shadows appeared again!


 A thousand ginseng roots rampaged like huge whips, cracking the air as they moved, creating huge shock waves.


 Wu Guang’s body shook intensely, his immortal essence expenditure was very high.


 “Oh no.” Wu Guang could sense the aura of death. At this rate, his immortal essence storage was going to be emptied.


 Even though he relied on a defensive method and managed to stay alive, this defensive killer move had a huge flaw, once activated, the Gu Immortal could not move, they had to stay at the same spot.


 Wu Guang fell into danger again.


 The situation changed too quickly, at the next moment, he was at the brink of life and death.


 Wu Guang was feeling bitter internally.


 He had been too overconfident, he did not investigate the situation more clearly.


 As a matter of fact, the ginseng had been moving underground, it was not easy for Wu Guang to find it and force it to come to the surface. If he had to make a thorough investigation, by the time he finished, the ginseng would have escaped into the ground already.


 “It is too late to say anything now, to think that I, Wu Guang, would die in the hands of an ancient desolate plant.”


 As his immortal essence dried out, Wu Guang started to feel despair.


 Roar—!


 Right at this moment, a fierce tiger attacked.


 The tiger was black in color and gave off a metallic luster, it was huge like a mountain and had sharp and powerful claws, it easily tore the ginseng roots to shreds, it was extraordinarily fierce.


 “What ancient desolate beast is this? No, wait, this is a killer move.” Wu Guang stared with wide eyes, feeling surprised and curious.


 The black tiger fought against the ginseng roots, the two were stuck in a deadlock, being evenly matched.


 Rumble!


 At the next moment, the ground shook again.


 The ginseng roots suddenly straightened before falling to the ground with a loud thud, no longer moving again.


 “What? This mysterious ancient desolate plant got killed by someone in one move!” Wu Guang was shocked, his internal worry became much deeper.


 Often, humans were much scarier than beasts or plants.


 Wu Guang did not need to think to know that the Gu Immortal who killed the ancient desolate plant was very strong, extremely strong!


 Once Wu Guang escaped death, he saw a green robed Gu Immortal.


 Wu Guang knew this person, he immediately cupped his fists: “So it was you who saved my life, Chen Cheng.”


 Gu Immortal Chen Cheng waved his hand: “I was only assisting, the one who saved your life is my master.”


 “Master? Whose servant did you become?” Wu Guang was shocked.


 At this moment, the ground cracked as a figure flew up into the sky.


 Wu Guang stared with wide eyes at this female immortal, she wore a half-mask that covered the lower half of her face.


 Her brows were sharp and her eyes shined with brilliant light, she wore a black-gold armor with an aura of domination around her, intimidating her foes.


 The one who entered the ground to kill the mysterious ginseng was Hei Lou Lan.


 Roar—!


 The black tiger roared as it returned to her, turning into a tattoo on Hei Lou Lan’s skin.


 It was the totem killer move — Dark Capital Strength Tiger.


 Wu Guang had never seen this move or even heard of it, upon seeing this sight, his shock intensified.


 Hei Lou Lan looked down at him at an angle: “I saved you, how will you repay me?”


 Wu Guang’s body shook, he quickly expressed his gratitude: “I will not forget the debt of saving my life! I wonder what I can do for you? As long as you tell me, I will do my best to complete your request.”


 But Hei Lou Lan laughed as she looked at Chen Cheng: “I see that you are acquainted with him, what use does this person have?”


 Chen Cheng: “Master, we are heading to Crescent Moon Mound to challenge Yin Wu Que, this person has a close relationship with him, he can lead the way.”


 Wu Guang quickly added: “I am acquainted with Brother Yin, but the challenge...”


 Chen Cheng smiled as he explained: “Master succeeded in her cultivation, she came out of seclusion to challenge the experts of the world, she wants to face off against the various geniuses. I lost to her and according to the agreement, I became her servant.”


 Wu Guang took in a deep breath: “So that’s it...”


 He was hesitant.


 Yin Wu Que was his good friend, if he had to lead this expert to his friend for a fight, regardless of result, he would feel very troubled.


 But Hei Lou Lan did not care about Wu Guang’s feelings, she said: “Lead the way.”


 Wu Guang shook internally.


 Hei Lou Lan’s tone was filled with dominance that did not allow rejection.


 Wu Guang was sure that if he defied her, he would end up like the ginseng earlier.


 “Please follow me, benefactor and Chen Cheng.” Wanting to preserve his own life, Wu Guang led the way.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Milky white sea water rose and fell with the tides, the sea was covered in thick fog, one could not see anything including their five fingers.


 In this milky white fog, countless people seemed to be moving in it rapidly at all times.


 Shi Zong’s mind was completely chaotic, he was muddled and dazed, he was submerged in the sea water at times, while floating in the white fog at other times.


 He could vaguely hear a voice calling him: “Shi Zong, since you are awake, why are you not coming out?”


 Thus, he followed this voice and walked out of the sea, arriving at the shore.


 He was bare naked with no clothing on him, after leaving Human Sea, he suddenly jolted awake.


 Looking at the dense white fog and sea around him, he checked his own body.


 He was in disbelief: “Didn’t, didn’t I die already?!”


 “Shi Zong, you have already revived in master’s secluded domain of heaven and earth, Human Sea. But your cultivation level has been lost, you are a mortal and will need to cultivate from the start again.” The Gu Immortal who led him out smiled as he said.


 Shi Zong was speechlessly dazed, after a while, he fell to the ground as he knelt by the shore.


 “I was able to revive all thanks to master’s kindness and generosity!” Shi Zong raised his head and shouted, tears flowing down his face in excitement.



***
Chapter 2168 - Unifying Human And Gu


***





 



 Before Fang Yuan entered Crazed Demon Cave, the secluded domain of heaven and earth Human Sea had already been completed.


 In order to construct the complete Human Sea, Fang Yuan ordered the slaughter of countless humans, he had unsurmountable sin and blood on his hands, but he also achieved his goal as he obtained the results that he expected at this moment.


 Evidently, if news that dead Gu Immortals could revive through Human Sea spread among his subordinates, Fang Yuan’s force would gain a huge boost in morale!


 The truth was, in the five hundred years of his previous life, Human Sea secluded domain was used by Eastern Sea’s Xia clan.


 In Fang Yuan’s first life of five hundred years.


 When Xia clan’s Gu Immortals died outside, they were not truly dead, they could revive from Human Sea. Although their Immortal Gu and immortal aperture’s accumulations would be lost, they would still retain their cultivation level and immortal aperture itself.


 Eastern Sea’s Xia clan gained a huge reputation because of this, for the following period of time, they invaded Southern Border. Southern Border’s Gu Immortals fought against Xia clan, over time, they learned about Xia clan’s background and foundation, eventually, Chai clan mimicked Human Sea and created their own Human Mountain secluded domain.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, fate Gu was only damaged but not entirely destroyed. Now, fate Gu was completely gone.


 Thus, Human Sea could revive Gu Immortals with much less difficulty.


 But Fang Yuan did not let those Gu Immortals who revived become Gu Immortals again immediately.


 Firstly, to revive a Gu Immortal who retained their cultivation level, it would cause a huge expenditure to Human Sea. After a few uses, he would need to slaughter a massive number of humans and variant humans to replenish it.


 It was not that Fang Yuan could not bear to do that, but it was troublesome.


 Also, if these Gu Immortals became mortals again and had to cultivate all over again, Fang Yuan could make use of them.


 Firstly, these revived Gu Masters had the foundation of a Gu Immortal, they had rich cultivation experience, it was probable that they would succeed in immortal ascension again. During their ascension, the natural inspiration would be a good chance for Fang Yuan to get answers he wanted!


 Secondly, when these Gu Immortals re-cultivate, they would need to undergo tribulations, Fang Yuan could help them with that and gain heaven path dao marks.


 Finally, after these Gu Immortals cultivate from the start, they might gain inspiration and innovate new killer moves. In the process, they would also be more reliant on Fang Yuan, it would mean that he would gain greater control over them.


 But at this moment, after using the killer move human revival sea, his heart shook as inspiration flashed in his mind.


 At this moment, he obtained a crucial breakthrough in refinement path.


 “So the human body Gu refinement method is like this.” Brilliance flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind, a light sense of joy appeared in his heart.


 The so-called Human Sea revival method was in essence using a Gu cultivator method to refine the human body and soul. This was a human path method indeed, but it was also using Gu to refine a human!


 Fang Yuan lacked insight on the human body Gu refinement method earlier. When he researched on Ni clan, he found that the human body Gu refinement method was related to blood path and others, this conclusion was not wrong.


 “Using a human to refine Gu and using Gu to refine a human, the two are interchangeable in essence.”


 These two were like the two sides of a coin, they existed with one another.


 The true core was — Unifying Human and Gu!


 It was like sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it was a Gu worm that could turn into a human body after activation. But it did not provide a soul, instead, the sovereign immortal body would be created with the most compatibility with the Gu cultivator’s soul.


 When Fang Yuan used Human Sea to revive a Gu Immortal, he was refining a human body and also a human soul.


 Looking at the legendary immemorial desolate beast Qing Chou, it was originally a killer move that was converted into a life form.


 This meant that any life form could be created with a Gu cultivation method!


 This was totally possible in theory.


 And the truth was, this was already hinted in >.


 In >, chapter three section fourteen, it was clearly stated. The myriad lifeforms in the world were originally secluded domains of heaven and earth — Gu worms within the Blue Sea of Life. These Gu worms were washed ashore by the waves of the Blue Sea, turning into all sorts of lifeforms.


 All the countless methods converged into the same origin.


 Using Gu to refine Human, using Human to refine Gu, Human and Gu were one to begin with!


 Although Fang Yuan understood this logic, he had only fully comprehended the complete details of this logic at this moment in time.


 This comprehension broke through the thin barrier that obstructed him, Fang Yuan could see a bright scene beyond it.


 He only needed to make a small deduction now to design a killer move that could unravel Ni clan’s Gu Immortal method, he could extract all sorts of Immortal Gu from the Ni clan members’ bodies.


 It was not easy to reach this stage.


 Fang Yuan had a foundation in this aspect already, after all, he used the human isolation style Gu refinement method in the five hundred years of his previous life.


 In this life, he had all sorts of encounters and accumulations in this aspect.


 Even though Ni clan was not his breakthrough point, by studying and analyzing them, Fang Yuan gained a deeper foundation.


 Eventually, the immense foundation led to a qualitative change, Fang Yuan unexpectedly succeeded in his breakthrough due to Human Sea.


 Throughout history, refinement path had two styles.


 The first was the hairy man nature Gu refinement method, it used nature and dao marks to refine Gu.


 The opposite was Limitless Demon Venerable using Gu worms to refine heaven and earth.


 The second was the human isolation style. Ni clan’s Gu Immortal, the refinement path quasi-supreme Ni Ren, used humans to refine Gu, implanting all sorts of Immortal Gu deep within the bloodlines of his Ni clan descendants.


 The opposite was sovereign immortal fetus Gu, the Human Sea revival method, and the Blue Sea of Life which used Gu to refine human.


 “The depth of refinement path supreme grandmaster should likely comprise these four aspects. Currently, I have already comprehended human and Gu refinement methods, I only lack the final ‘using Gu to refine heaven and earth’ aspect! By comprehending the arrangements of Limitless Demon Venerable, I have already broken through this hurdle, I have passed the initial stage with no obstacles remaining, as long as I continue progressing, I will eventually comprehend all the profundities.” Fang Yuan evaluated.


 Treasure yellow heaven.


 Bai Ning Bing’s divine sense roamed around within it.


 She was selling immortal materials.


 Ever since she saw Fang Huan’s revival by chance and killed him, Bai Ning Bing obtained a large number of desolate beast and ancient desolate beast corpses. She even obtained the true inheritance from searching Fang Huan’s soul.


 Bai Ning Bing’s immortal materials were already about to be sold out.


 Only the last portion was left.


 “How are you selling these immortal materials?” At this time, a divine sense came and asked for the price.


 Bai Ning Bing explained the sale price.


 After Little Immortal Xing Luo heard the price, she shrank slightly and wanted to bargain: “Can it be a little cheaper?”


 Immediately after, Little Immortal Xing Luo stated her quote: “If you sell at this price, I’ll buy it directly!”


 Bai Ning Bing wanted to refine Gu herself, she created the killer move breath concealment ice pearl, if she could refine an ice pearl Immortal Gu, it would supplement this killer move greatly.


 She had already collected most of the immortal materials now, Bai Ning Bing did not excel at trading, she wanted to nod and agree to the transaction when suddenly, another divine sense got closer.


 “Oh, someone is actually selling the mala[1] duck’s neck? This food path ancient desolate beast is very rare, where did you find it from?” The divine sense asked.


 Bai Ning Bing was unwilling to expose clues about herself, she asked directly: “Are you buying or not?”


 “What price?”


 Bai Ning Bing expressed the price while the divine sense said: “I’ll buy it, I’ll buy everything. Do you need immortal essence stones or immortal materials?”


 Bai Ning Bing gave the list of ice and snow path immortal materials she needed.


 The divine sense smiled: “I have them all, just wait a moment.”


 In Eastern Sea, Zui Xian Weng withdrew his divine sense and contacted the Righteous Qi Alliance.


 The Righteous Qi Alliance had abundant immortal materials in the inventory, Zui Xian Weng used his contribution points to exchange for some ice and snow path immortal materials.


 Next, he sent these immortal materials into treasure yellow heaven, allowing Bai Ning Bing and Zui Xian Weng to complete the transaction.


 After getting the immortal materials she wanted, Bai Ning Bing turned around and left treasure yellow heaven.


 Central Continent’s Little Immortal Xing Luo’s divine sense was still lingering around: “It’s such a huge pity.”


 She failed to obtain the immortal material she wanted.


 Little Immortal Xing Luo was a lone immortal, she was a single person with only rank six cultivation level. She could not match Zui Xian Weng in wealth, not to mention the fact that he took out ice and snow path immortal materials that the seller requested.


 “I’ll continue looking around.” Little Immortal Xing Luo was very disappointed but she did not want to give up, she continued to look around in treasure yellow heaven.


 “What is this?” Not long after, she was shocked to find that a huge mountain appeared in treasure yellow heaven!


 “Who put an entire mountain in here?” Sensing this situation, Little Immortal Xing Luo stared with wide eyes as this was the first time she had seen such a ‘gigantic’ transaction.


 The appearance of the mountain caused a small commotion to occur.


 Many divine senses came over and many Gu Immortal wills even gathered to observe the commotion.


 “Who is so amazing to be able to sell an entire mountain?”


 “It is not easy to do this, they will need deep earth path attainment.”


 “This mountain is quite good, it contains abundant moon path dao marks. But this large resource point is very valuable, who would sell it? Selling it in treasure yellow heaven will also incur a huge fee of immortal essence stones.”


 The discussions had just started when this mountain vanished instantly.


 “Someone actually bought it!”


 “It seems that the transaction was made beforehand.”


 “The mountain earlier seems to be Southern Border’s Moon Bowl?”


 It was indeed Southern Border’s Moon Bowl.


 Fang Yuan had left a batch of Gu Immortals in Southern Border, Eastern Sea and various areas.


 After negotiating with Wu clan, Moon Bowl was sold by Wu clan, sent into the sovereign immortal aperture through treasure yellow heaven.


 “Moon Bowl has arrived, catch it, catch it!”


 “Good, good, move to the left, move a bit to the right.”


 Bam!


 The earth shook slightly as Moon Bowl landed on the ground.


 Immediately, a rockman Gu Immortal came forward and used a killer move, manipulating Moon Bowl’s mountain roots to stab into the ground, turning it into a node of the earth vein.


 The other variant human Gu Immortals were free for the moment, they watched while conversing.


 “Did you hear? Shi Zong revived!”


 “Not just Shi Zong, any Gu Immortals who died in the outside world were revived through Human Sea.”


 “Master has divine might, he is all-powerful! Reviving us Gu Immortals is nothing more than a piece of cake!”


 “But we will lose all our cultivation level and need to start all over again.”


 “Hmph, there is only hope for the future if we are alive, so what if we become mortals? We just need to re-cultivate!”


 “If only I can receive the missions for combat.”


 “Don’t even think about it. Those Gu Immortals who are able to take those missions have strong battle strength, even though you have rank seven cultivation level, you have just advanced, your still lack sufficient Immortal Gu.”


 “That’s right, we need to take one step at a time. Let’s work hard and do these missions to elevate ourselves first.”


 While a portion of Fang Yuan’s elite subordinates fought outside, the rest helped to manage the sovereign immortal aperture, they worked hard and contributed their blood and sweat.


 Even though unexpected events constantly occurred in the sovereign immortal aperture, it was still orderly and well managed.


 [1] Mala is the spicy and numbing flavor in Chinese cuisine, which is made from Sichuan peppercorn, chili pepper and various spices simmered with oil.



***
Chapter 2169 - Shocking Find of Thieving Heaven’s True Inheritance


***





 



 Northern Plains.


 A few rounds of an intense battle had just passed.


 Yin Wu Que retreated constantly while pointing his finger, aiming at Hei Lou Lan.


 Immortal killer move — Crescent Moon Thrust!


 Ching!


 At the next moment, there was the crisp sound of unsheathing blades as a translucent pale blue crescent moon shot out from the ground like a sword towards Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was prepared against this, she jumped up at almost the same time, avoiding it.


 Yin Wu Que’s pupils contracted slightly, this move was very fast and ordinary Gu Immortals could not dodge it easily. But Hei Lou Lan succeeded in that, it showed that she had an exceptional investigative killer move.


 “My method has only failed against Tian Xia Xin and Zhou Ye Zi. The former is a wisdom path Gu Immortal capable of deductions while the latter cultivates time path, he had an investigative method that could peer a few breaths into the future.”


 “To think that today, it would fail against this mysterious female immortal. Even though this person cultivates strength path, she is not to be underestimated!”


 Thoughts flashed in Yin Wu Que’s mind as he retreated at the same time.


 Rumble!


 Hei Lou Lan exerted strength as her body charged forward like a meteor, pushing aside the air in front of her, arriving before Yin Wu Que in a few breaths of time.


 Yin Wu Que gritted his teeth, he raised both hands and used a killer move — Moon Rise.


 Moonlight gushed out of his forehead as he started to float up, but before he got far, Hei Lou Lan’s fist already landed.


 Bam.


 With a loud sound, Yin Wu Que was sent flying by Hei Lou Lan like a rubber ball.


 His thin body was sent flying far away, he landed on the ground and bounced along the surface for tens of steps, causing a gorge to form in his path.


 Raising his head again, Yin Wu Que’s vision was filled with Hei Lou Lan’s figure, as well as her fist!


 Yin Wu Que’s heart jumped.


 The fist earlier caused considerable injuries to Yin Wu Que despite his defensive method.


 He did not want to face another punch.


 “You fell for it!” Yin Wu Que suddenly smiled, he stretched out five fingers and aimed at Hei Lou Lan.


 Clang, clang, clang, clang, clang!


 Instantly, five translucent light blue crescent moonblades shot out, they were created from nothing, targeting Hei Lou Lan who was at the center from all directions.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes shined with cold light, she did not dodge but attacked with her fist instead.


 Yin Wu Que’s smile froze on his face, he watched as this fist got larger and larger, before landing on his eye socket.


 Boom!


 Yin Wu Que was originally lying on the ground with his head raised, after taking this terrifying hit, his head was pushed down into the huge pit that was created below him.


 Ground shook as rocks were sent flying.


 The spectators, Wooden Statue Lord Wu Guang and Sincerity Immortal Chen Cheng, had twitching eyelids as they watched Yin Wu Que get punched, they could feel his pain from over there.


 Yin Wu Que was sent crashing underground from this punch, he was tens of feet below the ground surface.


 Dust clouds spread but Hei Lou Lan did not chase him, she retreated rapidly instead!


 Clang clang clang...


 An unceasing number of moonblades were produced and shot towards Hei Lou Lan in a frenzied state.


 Hei Lou Lan had a calm expression as she continued to dodge. Her actions were simple and agile, most of the moonblades were evaded while some were shattered by her fists.


 Yin Wu Que attacked desperately, he finally obtained some time to regain his footing.


 He flew out of the deep pit, rising towards the sky.


 Currently, he was covered in dust and one of his eye sockets had cracked, the eyelid was swollen and turning purple, the vision in his eye was extremely blurred, his gaze flickered with lingering fear.


 “The two punches earlier almost made me unconscious. It was so dangerous! Thankfully, the moon has already risen successfully.” Yin Wu Que let out a breath of air.


 Earlier, moon qi appeared from the top of his head, it had already gathered into a waxing crescent moon hanging in the sky under broad daylight.


 The moonblade killer move was still being used continuously as Hei Lou Lan dodged while diverting some attention to look at the waxing crescent moon in the sky.


 “Earlier, the moonblades could only be formed from the ground, but now they can appear from thin air, is this the effect of the moon in the sky?” Hei Lou Lan thought rapidly.


 As her thoughts collided, they sparked brightly: “But this amplification is not worth paying such a huge price, Yin Wu Que endured two punches from me in order to activate this crescent moon.”


 Hei Lou Lan was calm and composed internally.


 Earlier, she took the initiative to attack, now, she focused on defense, her actions were meticulous and allowed her to advance or retreat at will.


 Yin Wu Que was still using his moonblade killer move.


 Crescent moonblades continued to form, the attack was unceasing, but Hei Lou Lan managed to defend herself stably and even had the chance to attack the crescent moon in the sky with her fists.


 The waxing crescent moon suffered an impact from her punch, but it only shook slightly like the mirage in a desert.


 “The crescent moon is getting larger?” Bright light flashed in Hei Lou Lan’s eyes as she found out new information at this moment.


 “So that’s it.” Hei Lou Lan had some sort of insight in her mind.


 After she stopped moving back, she charged ahead instead, enduring the attacks of the crescent moonblades in order to attack Yin Wu Que.


 Yin Wu Que’s heart jumped: “This female immortal’s combat instincts are too powerful, it seems that she has seen through my combat system!”


 Yin Wu Que had an immortal opportunity in his earlier days, he inherited the inheritance of a certain Olden Antiquity moon path Gu Immortal great expert, he thus had a complete and stable combat system.


 The waxing crescent moon was hanging in the sky, it amplified the various moon path killer moves of Yin Wu Que. At the same time, when Yin Wu Que’s moon path killer moves get destroyed or countered, the lingering moon path dao marks would be absorbed by the waxing crescent moon, causing it to grow.


 The waxing crescent moon would grow into a half moon, before becoming a full moon.


 Once it becomes a full moon, Yin Wu Que’s offense and defense would be amplified to the strongest state.


 Because Hei Lou Lan had seen through this tactic, she started to use her strongest offenses.


 Yin Wu Que knew from the start that he was not Hei Lou Lan’s match at the moment, he had to choose a delaying tactic to retreat while blocking her offenses.


 Hei Lou Lan engaged in a full frontal charge.


 The two immortals chased and escaped respectively, they fought intensely, rocks were sent flying wherever they went, nobody in their path was spared.


 Immortal killer move — Eight Directional Strength Fight!


 Hei Lou Lan shouted as her body flickered, eight figures flew out and encircled Yin Wu Que.


 Yin Wu Que was caught unguarded and got surrounded in the middle.


 “Oh no!” Yin Wu Que’s expression turned pale at once.


 ...


 Fang Yuan’s divine sense expanded and spread out in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was simply too big, it was hard to inspect it entirely, he had to extend his divine sense for some time before he could see the entire landscape.


 Strange events were still occurring in various places, but with Star Collection City controlling the situation, these events were mostly dealt with by Gu Immortals nearby.


 There was no longer any disturbance, Fang Yuan focused on observing the earth vein this time.


 Originally, the earth vein was already created but it was crude and simple. More than ten nodes formed into a line which made a circle around the five regions, connecting the first and the last nodes.


 But after this period of development, although the current earth vein was still following a singular trail, there were many branches developing away from the main trail already, it was no longer as empty as before.


 “After some time, the nodes at the end of these branches will be interlinked to form a second ring that is even larger. By then, the earth vein will have two different layers of connected lines.”


 In the current five regions, not only were Southern Border’s super forces transacting with Fang Yuan, the Righteous Qi Alliance was also preparing for this matter under Qi Sea Ancestor’s orders.


 Two sea islands had already been sold to the sovereign immortal aperture through treasure yellow heaven, they were used as the earth vein nodes in Mini Eastern Sea.


 Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces were still kept in the dark.


 They did not know that the buyer was Fang Yuan.


 There was profit to earn, a large sum at that, thus they were very enthusiastic.


 Fang Yuan had abundant capital now, even though he faced a lack of resources in his initial investment period, this problem no longer existed.


 Fang Yuan had a vast number of immortal materials!


 He used these immortal materials to pay for the sea islands and famous mountains.


 The immortal materials from the first six layers of Crazed Demon Cave were chaotic and could not be transacted. But the seventh layer’s dao marks were obtained by Fang Yuan through Thieves Den, they became pure rank nine immortal materials.


 These rank nine immortal materials were all extraordinarily valuable, there was no way to quantitatively define the price. Thus, Fang Yuan’s wealth also soared, giving him great confidence in transactions.


 The truth was, if he did not use them to refine Gu, these rank nine immortal materials could only be sold to rank eight Gu Immortals or super forces.


 Rank six or seven Gu Immortals were not able to even make use of rank nine immortal materials.


 These immortal materials were too high-end, even many rank eight Gu Immortals did not have the capability to use them.


 Only those super forces wanted to stock up on them.


 After inspecting the earth vein and seeing nothing wrong, Fang Yuan retracted his divine sense after noting that the development was progressing well.


 As his attention returned to the main world, Fang Yuan willed as Cooking Luck Pot shook slightly.


 Fang Yuan started his luck inspection.


 He saw that some changes had occurred to his silver light luck pillar.


 The silver light pillar had become more condensed.


 It was half the size of earlier, but the density was at least five times of before!


 Be it the earth vein construction or Fang Yuan’s own refinement path comprehension, they were reasons that caused the silver light pillar to become more condensed.


 The three clouds representing Star Constellation, Spectral Soul, and Giant Sun were still at the top of the pillar of light, showing intentions to suppress and obstruct him.


 But at the bottom of the silver light pillar, the original soil dust circulating around had already turned into a mound that covered the silver light pillar, it seemed like the foundational base of the pillar.


 “Recently, I have been comprehending Paradise Earth’s tomb, I gained some insight, I can now create my own Tomb Earth.”


 “Using Tomb Earth, I can make Gu Immortals revive! Even the Immortal Gu that they had when they were alive can be produced alongside the person.”


 “Looking at the luck phenomenon, if I can comprehend Northern Plains’ Paradise Earth true inheritance, it will help me greatly too!”


 “Huh?”


 Right when Fang Yuan was thinking, his luck changed again.


 He saw that above the silver light pillar, a dazzlingly bright star appeared between the three clouds.


 This star was shining in a silver-white light, it penetrated the cloud layer and shined directly onto the surface of the silver light pillar. They were similar silver lights, they seemed like they would benefit the silver light pillar a lot.


 “What is going on?” Fang Yuan’s body shook: “So that’s it! I understand now.”


 He gazed afar, through ten thousand li, looking at the central area of the intersection between the three great worlds.


 A small world revealed itself over there, emitting the intense aura of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 It was Thieving Heaven’s space!


 It was very likely to contain one of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritances!



***
Chapter 2170 - Thieving Heaven Versus Limitless


***





 



 Crash crash crash....


 A series of brutal assaults hit Yin Wu Que, who was on the ground.


 Yin Wu Que shielded his head with both arms, he was curled up into a ball, desperately activating his defensive killer move!


 However, after a barrage of punches and kicks, his defensive method soon broke apart.


 “I admit defeat, I admit defeat!” Yin Wu Que shouted loudly in panic and desperation.


 “Fairy Black Moon, it’s over, spare him.” Wu Guang who was at the side came to urge her.


 Hei Lou Lan was only wanting to spar and had no intention to kill, immediately, she stopped using her method.


 She turned to Chen Cheng and asked: “Yin Wu Que has been defeated, who is the next opponent?”


 While she was asking, two Gu Immortals flew over from the sky.


 One female and one male immortal.


 The male had a skinny body and a sharp face, he had bean-like eyes, he emitted rank seven light path aura.


 The female immortal had the body of a young child, her eyes were watery and bright, her petite body was cute and delicate, she was a rank seven wood path Gu Immortal.


 They were Liu tribe’s Liu Chang and Liu Luo.


 Chen Cheng and Wu Guang looked at each other, they did not speak.


 Liu Luo was the first to ask: “What is happening here?”


 As nobody answered her, Liu Luo quickly turned to Yin Wu Que.


 Yin Wu Que was still lying on the ground, he received Wu Guang’s treatment as he smiled bitterly: “This Fairy Black Moon came to challenge me, she has outstanding methods, I am not her match.”


 Liu Chang heard this and his eyes shined, he smiled and said: “Fairy Black Moon? May I have the honor of knowing your name? To think that a new outstanding figure would emerge in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.”


 Liu Luo mocked Yin Wu Que: “Yin Wu Que, do you know the difficulties of a lone immortal now? Our Liu tribe invited you to be our external supreme elder, it is something that would benefit you. At least, after joining our tribe, if any Gu Immortal challenges you, it will incur the wrath of my Liu tribe!”


 Yin Wu Que smiled bitterly and shook his head: “Thank you for the repeated offer, but I am used to being alone, I have no intention of joining any super force.”


 Liu Luo frowned: “Can you not see what’s good for you?”


 Ever since the fate war ended, in order to prepare against the five regions chaotic war, Longevity Heaven had ordered the various Huang Jin tribes to unify Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world. Many Gu Immortals were recruited into Huang Jin tribes, while many demonic immortals were killed as well.


 At the other side, Hei Lou Lan showed no intention of answering Liu Chang’s question.


 She said to Chen Cheng: “Let’s go.”


 “Hold on!” Liu Luo’s sharp voice interrupted her, she looked at Hei Lou Lan: “You are very brazen, do you not know that Yin Wu Que is the target of our Liu tribe’s recruitment? Now that you injured him, you want to leave so easily?”


 “Sister.” Liu Chang called out, feeling helpless internally.


 Liu Luo had just gone from rank six to seven, with the rise in strength, her temperament was also more arrogant now.


 If she was alone, she might not act like this, but with her brother Liu Chang here with her to rely on, Liu Luo showed a casual and carefree attitude.


 But because Liu Chang doted on his sister, he did not chide her, he stared at Hei Lou Lan: “Fairy, why be in a rush to leave? Are you interested in joining our Liu tribe? If you can become Liu tribe’s external supreme elder...”


 “Shut your dog mouth.” Hei Lou Lan replied plainly.


 “What?” Liu Chang was stumped.


 Liu Luo stared with wide eyes, she was filled with rage and shock: “How dare you! Bitch...”


 Before she finished, Hei Lou Lan interrupted again: “Two dogs that block my way, bark once more and I will kill you.”


 Seeing that the situation was going out of control, Chen Cheng quickly came in to mediate the situation.


 Liu Luo called out in a shrill voice: “Today’s matter will not end like this, I want to see if...”


 Boom!


 Hei Lou Lan attacked fiercely, a strength path phantom appeared before Liu Luo abruptly, punching the latter’s face and sending her flying.


 “Sister!” Liu Chang was enraged, he was about to attack.


 Boom, he was also sent flying by Hei Lou Lan.


 Liu Chang was a famous rank seven expert of Northern Plains, his strength far exceeded Liu Luo, he quickly stabilized his footing and said: “You dare to attack us Gu Immortals of Liu tribe?”


 Boom boom boom!


 Eight strength path phantoms appeared around Hei Lou Lan, the dark capital strength tiger totem was also summoned, beating the Liu tribe siblings to a pulp.


 “This, this, this...” Chen Cheng watched with a dumbfounded expression.


 “It cannot be resolved amicably now.” Wu Guang was tongue-tied, he smiled bitterly towards Yin Wu Que: “So Fairy Black Moon’s temperament is like this, Brother Yin, it was really lucky that you managed to survive at her hands.”


 Yin Wu Que snorted: “If Fairy Black Moon really kills the Liu tribe siblings, do you think Liu tribe or Longevity Heaven will let us off?”


 Wu Guang was dazed, he showed an unsightly expression.


 “Are we going to take action to help the Liu tribe siblings?” Wu Guang asked helplessly.


 Yin Wu Que gritted his teeth: “Do you want to hug Longevity Heaven’s smelly feet? Ever since Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created the Imperial Court contest, the entirety of Northern Plains became his kingdom. For the last three hundred thousand years, have we, the lone cultivators of Northern Plains, not suffered enough?”


 Most of the immortals knew about the truth behind the Imperial Court contest.


 Northern Plains’ lone immortals and demonic cultivators had a poor impression of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Back then, Five Elements Grandmaster, who was still a lone cultivator, invaded Longevity Heaven, he was the proof of this mindset.


 Longevity Heaven desired to rule Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world, but the difficulty was too high.


 Many Gu Immortal experts did not want to submit to the Huang Jin tribes, they did not want to obey the words of these people they detested.


 With the exception of two cases.


 One was during the five regions chaotic war, when Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world faced great external pressure, these Gu Immortals would have no choice but to band together as one.


 The second was if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revives successfully, his invincible might would force all these demonic immortals and lone cultivators to submit to him.


 The truth was, even in the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, Longevity Heaven managed to unify Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world because of Ma Hong Yun.


 Ma Hong Yun had the power of Fortune Rivalling Heaven, he seemed to be someone who started from a humble origin, he was able to unite many lone and demonic immortals as a result. But he was in fact Longevity Heaven’s chess piece, an arrangement of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 By relying on this, Longevity Heaven was able to unify Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world after the five regions chaotic war started.


 But now, the five regions chaotic war had yet to start while Ma Hong Yun was killed by Fang Yuan, the difficulty for Longevity Heaven to unite Northern Plains was simply much harder.


 “Fairy Black Moon, I will definitely find you in the future to repay the shame of today’s defeat.” Liu Chang brought Liu Luo away, they escaped in anger.


 He was very strong but he could not display his strength.


 Hei Lou Lan targeted Liu Luo constantly, it made Liu Chang hold many reservations, he could only take hits passively, it was a terrible feeling.


 “They finally escaped.” Chen Cheng let out a breath of air, he had been holding his breath in anxiety earlier.


 “Hmph, they cannot escape. After I defeat the lone and demonic immortal experts, I will challenge these Huang Jin tribes, I will let the whole of Northern Plains know of my might.” Hei Lou Lan smiled coldly.


 Chen Cheng was feeling a headache, he did not expect his master to have such grand ambitions. not only did she want to defeat the lone and demonic immortals, she even wanted to challenge Northern Plains’ overlords, the Huang Jin super tribes!


 “Fairy, if you have such an ambition, I, Yin Wu Que, am willing to travel alongside you as your entourage.” Yin Wu Que was standing with Wu Guang’s help, he walked towards Hei Lou Lan.


 “Oh?” Hei Lou Lan raised her brows.


 Yin Wu Que smiled bitterly: “The truth is, if I do not travel with you, when Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals come to find me, they will not let me off. I do not want to be a member of the Huang Jin tribe.”


 “Alright.” Hei Lou Lan nodded: “Back then, Chu Du also wanted to challenge the Huang Jin tribes. We both cultivate strength path, how can I be inferior to him? Let’s go together.”


 “I will come along too.” Wu Guang said: “This is an interesting matter, I want to watch it with my own eyes.”


 Thus, Hei Lou Lan’s group grew larger again.


 Crazed Demon Cave, eighth layer.


 Three hundred thousand years ago.


 In the void, worlds were created and destroyed like bubbles.


 Suddenly, chains appeared, making loud clanking sounds as they formed into a chain domain that intertwined in the surrounding area.


 “I was actually discovered.” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was slightly surprised, having been forced to reveal himself.


 Limitless Demon Venerable’s will appeared: “Do stop, new venerable. The Space Door that you seek is not here.”


 As he spoke, countless chains shot out towards Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable from all directions.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable moved like lightning, traversing between the chains, he was agile like a fish in water.


 “Limitless Demon Venerable’s will?” Excitement shined in his eyes: “How do you know I am looking for Space Door? Are you saying that because you do not want me to destroy your arrangements in Crazed Demon Cave? You hid the ninth layer too deeply, I actually could not decipher it immediately, why don’t you let me in and take a look, as long as Space Door is not there, I will take my leave!”


 Limitless Demon Venerable’s will said: “Thieving Heaven, even though I do not leave Crazed Demon Cave, I know many things about the current world. The current you cannot even control yourself, how can I allow you to enter the ninth layer?”


 “Cannot control myself? Why can’t I control myself?” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable raised a brow: “I just want to go home, I just want to go back and see my friends and family, but all of you want to obstruct me!!”


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable spoke with increasing agitation.


 Limitless Demon Venerable was silent, the chains attacked even more fiercely now.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable snorted coldly, he stopped moving far away, no longer dodging.


 A blinding blue jewel-like light burst out with radiance, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable activated his killer move, the blue light faded, forming into a huge suit of armor around his body, turning him into a metallic giant.


 The metallic giant was covered in electric sparks, it moved rapidly towards Limitless Demon Venerable’s will.


 The endless chains came to obstruct him but they were all pushed aside by the metallic giant.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable rode in the metallic giant and charged his way forward, forcing his way to the central area of the chain domain, grabbing onto Limitless Demon Venerable’s will.


 But at the next moment, Limitless Demon Venerable’s will dissipated.


 At almost the same time, another lump of Limitless’ will appeared, saying calmly: “This is Crazed Demon Cave, my will can regenerate endlessly in here, there is a limitless supply of it.”


 “Is that so?” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable smiled coldly: “Then have a taste of my methods.”


 Bam bam bam...


 A shocking battle erupted at once.


 Within the void, countless worlds were implicated, they were all destroyed in the process.


 Limitless Demon Venerable’s will had the territorial advantage, he was able to fight evenly with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable initially. But as time went by, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was superior after all, he started to gain the upper hand.


 Limitless Demon Venerable had died long ago, this was only his will controlling Crazed Demon Cave after all.



***
Chapter 2171 - Four Venerables Repair The World


***





 



 The lightning giant attacked, each action carried unparalleled lights.


 Countless chains swayed and targeted Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable as they sealed and slashed.


 The damage caused by the two venerables continued to spread out, the entire void was shaking intensely, it seemed to be unable to sustain the pressure.


 One by one, small worlds were implicated, they were rapidly destroyed and unable to last a few breaths of time.


 Within the lightning giant, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s expression became increasingly twisted, blood surged in his eyes as his aura became more vicious and wild.


 “Take this move!” Thieving Heaven shouted as the lightning giant’s mountain-like body stopped on the spot.


 The surface of its body started to transform rapidly, with the crisp sound of clanking metal, cannons started to extend out of its body in all directions.


 Boom—!


 Thousands of cannons fired at once, countless rays of light pierced the void, a rainbow color of red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, and others dazzled the entire heaven and earth.


 As light rays shot out and crossed a vast distance, they destroyed everything in their path, many chains that Limitless Demon Venerable’s will controlled were easily decimated.


 “This move actually comprises metal, wood, water, fire, earth, and other paths. Each color of the cannons represent a different path. Oh no!” Limitless Demon Venerable’s will was shaken.


 The defensive line that he had established was penetrated, exposing the two great worlds that he was protecting.


 One world had rampaging wild beasts, the other was covered in lush greenery.


 They were Savage Wilderness Great World and Green Lotus Great World.


 Most of the cannons were blocked successfully but a hundred of them still shot towards the two great worlds mercilessly.


 “What? These two worlds contain life?” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was internally shocked.


 He could see clearly, his twisted expression froze on his face, clarity returned to his eyes that had turned blood red.


 Earlier when he explored the void, he saw that the small worlds were devoid of life, they were deathly silent.


 Thus, he did not care about the destruction of these small worlds.


 But Savage Wilderness Great World and Green Lotus Great World contained living beings, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did not want to be a mass murderer.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable gritted his teeth, he used all his strength to control the lightning giant and turn the cannon in another direction.


 All of the cannons narrowly avoided the two great worlds.


 Guh.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable spat out a mouthful of blood.


 By forcefully changing his attack direction, he had to endure the backlash of the killer move.


 The lightning giant that had been powerful and unstoppable was no longer shining, it dimmed by a lot.


 The battle of the two venerables came to a halt at this moment.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable breathed roughly while Limitless Demon Venerable’s will was protected by countless chains, he fell into deep thought.


 At the crucial moment, he saw the former’s true nature.


 “I can open the pathway and let you enter to take a look.” A moment later, Limitless Demon Venerable’s will said.


 “What?” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was surprised.


 But he immediately understood the reason, blood traces were still lingering on Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s lips, with his relatively severe injuries, he could not heal them in the short period.


 He chuckled: “Then what are we waiting for?”


 Limitless Demon Venerable’s will opened a path as he led Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable into the ninth layer of Crazed Demon Cave.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable first saw a large mountain that was black and white in color.


 “This is the Book Mountain recorded in >?” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable dispelled his lightning giant killer move, he expressed his surprise.


 Limitless’ will smiled: “Book Mountain is one of the cores, with it, this crazed demon ninth void formation can continue to grow. Each time a new genius Gu cultivator appears in the world, they would help with the progress of their respective path, Book Mountain will absorb the new knowledge and develop the crazed demon ninth void formation to continuously improve and develop.”


 “Initially, the eighth layer’s void was very small, there were no worlds at all. But afterwards, as rule path, phantom path, and refinement path developed in the five regions, this place also continued to expand and grow.”


 “Small worlds first appeared, before they quickly increased in number. Reckless Savage Demon Venerable left behind Savage Wilderness Great World, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable created his Green Lotus Dao field, greatly promoting the growth of the crazed demon ninth void formation. In time, living beings will be created and destroyed alongside the small worlds, no longer limited to the current two great worlds.”


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable went deeper, he started to see blocks of floating ice, they had various sizes and all sorts of strange shapes.


 “This is the truthful floating ice? No wonder I did not find them when exploring the River of Time, so it was you who found and kept them here.” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable realized.


 And finally, he arrived at the deepest part of Crazed Demon Cave.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable showed a downcast expression, he felt very disappointed: “Space Door is not here after all.”


 Limitless’ will did not lie to him.


 Limitless’ will said: “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, if you do not believe me, you can continue to look. Space Door is not here.”


 “How can I find Space Door? That is my only hope of returning home!” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable inquired.


 Limitless’ will shook his head: “If I knew about it, why would I need to fight you earlier? Oh Thieving Heaven, please go back, what you seek is not here.”


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was in a daze, he did not speak for some time.


 “No... maybe, this is what I am looking for?” Suddenly, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable emitted a peculiar laugh.


 His expression was twisted, his eyes were blood red, his tone and mannerism of speech had changed completely, his voice was hoarse as if this was another person speaking.


 “Oh no!” Limitless’ will had a change of expression too.


 The thing he was worried about the most had still happened in the end.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable continued to speak in a hoarse voice: “If I am not wrong, hehehe, this is the place where the world boundary of the Gu cultivation world is at its thinnest. Oh Limitless Demon Venerable, your crazed demon ninth void formation is using this place to pierce through the world boundary and bring those things that are beyond the world to act as the raw materials. That is how the eighth layer developed these great and small worlds, right?”


 “Say, if I were to break this boundary and leave the Gu cultivation world entirely, will I be able to find a way back?” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable said that as his eyes widened, the aura of excitement and insanity grew more intensely on his body.


 Limitless’ will replied solemnly: “Impossible!”


 “You are a Gu Venerable yourself, do you not know the power of those things beyond the world? You have already experienced their strength, haven’t you?”


 “How long do you think you can last outside?”


 “The venerable is the strongest person in the world, but even if you can last a long time, you will reach your limit eventually.”


 “Can you be sure that you will coincidentally find your original world before you reach your limit?”


 “You need to know, you are not the only otherworldly demon, the worlds outside of the Gu cultivation world are more than just your original world.”


 “But!” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable raised his hands as he shouted: “But do you know? Do you know how much I want to return?!”


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable then lowered his head, his fingers stabbing into his hair as his eyes were hollow, he muttered: “Do you know how tough it has been for me?”


 “When I was a mortal, I told myself that if I became a Gu Master, I will be able to find a way home.”


 “When I became a Gu Master, I told myself that after becoming a Gu Immortal, I will be able to find a way home.”


 “After becoming a Gu Immortal, I consoled myself again, if I become venerable, I will be able to go home.”


 “But now, I am already a venerable! And yet, I cannot find Space Door! Where is Space Door?”


 “Even if I find Space Door, can it really let me return home?”


 “Gu Venerables are the strongest! There is no road ahead of me anymore. Sometimes, I will dream of Space Door, I dreamed that I found Space Door but realized it was completely useless.”


 “Whenever I wake up from such a nightmare, I will be covered in cold sweat.”


 “I admit that I am afraid, I am afraid that I cannot find Space Door, I am afraid that the truth behind it will send me into utter despair.”


 “Can you understand my feelings?”


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s breathing became rougher, he looked at the deepest part of Crazed Demon Cave, the thinnest part of the world boundary.


 He suddenly laughed, his eyes lit up as he said in a hoarse voice: “So let me take a risk now! I will pierce this world!”


 “Stop it!!” Limitless’ will shouted.


 He was already prepared, he used his full strength to stop him.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was instantly trapped by the surrounding chains.


 But at the next moment, another Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable appeared in front of him, he raised his arms high and slammed down fiercely.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, the world boundary was broken, the most terrifying tribulation in the world descended!


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable went out of the broken hole immediately.


 But Limitless’ will no longer had the time to pursue him, he tried his best to seal the broken boundary.


 But terrifying tribulations were spewing out of the hole, Limitless’ chains could not resist them, they could not even get close.


 After a few breaths of time, the hole expanded to twice of its original size.


 “The situation is critical, if we do not mend this hole now, the entire world will be destroyed. Please lend me a hand!” Limitless’ will shouted loudly.


 Reckless Savage’s will flew out of Savage Wilderness Great World, bringing with him countless fierce beasts.


 Genesis Lotus’ will flew out of Green Lotus Great World, bringing along countless trees and grasses.


 The power of three venerables could only maintain the situation, they could not fix this hole!


 The hole did not expand but the three venerables were already dead, just the power left behind by their main body could not salvage the situation.


 As the three venerables’ power weakened, their expressions turned unsightly.


 “To think that the world is going to be destroyed.” Genesis Lotus’ will smiled bitterly.


 Limitless’ will sighed: “I should not have taken the risk to let him in.”


 “No.” Reckless Savage’s will said grimly: “In that situation, even if all three of us took action, we could not stop Thieving Heaven, after all, we cannot take his life. Even if we force him away several times, he can still come back and challenge us until our strength is depleted.”


 “This is all my fault, Limitless, release me, I can help you.” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable said regretfully.


 One Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had left through the broken boundary, while another Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was still trapped by Limitless Demon Venerable’s chains.


 “You?” Genesis Lotus’ will was surprised.


 “Who is the one who left earlier?” Reckless Savage’s will asked.


 “That is Sha Xiao.” Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable smiled bitterly: “He is my Dao Guardian. He is also...”


 The situation was urgent, Limitless’ will interrupted him, asking: “What plan do you have?”


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable said: “Do you know why fate Gu’s control over otherworldly demons is limited? That is because every otherworldly demon who comes into this world will carry their original world’s insignia. Those are otherworldly dao marks.”


 “Next, I will use the otherworldly space path dao marks on my body to create a subspace and block this hole. Using the opportunity, I want you all to use your full strength and quickly mend it!”


 Without hesitation, Limitless’ will retracted his chains: “Go ahead.”



***
Chapter 2172 - Demonization


***





 



 Crazed Demon Cave, eighth layer.


 Large and small worlds were rapidly fusing together, all sorts of calamities and tribulations were rampaging in the worlds.


 The fighting between Gu Immortals was also extremely heated.


 Weaklings would lose their lives from the shockwaves of clashes between experts, strong individuals were also unable to defend themselves in this huge chaotic battle, they were like small boats facing a tsunami, with slight carelessness, they would be overturned and face death.


 “Weak, too weak.”


 “Who else can stop me?”


 “Die!!!”


 “Hahaha!”


 Bu Tian Kong continued to provoke its enemies, it charged unhindered, nobody on the battlefield could stop it.


 It was favored by the innate luck of Crazed Demon Cave to begin with, under the effect of endless learning, its attainment level rose sharply. Afterwards, it received Heavenly Court’s help and gained Immortal Gu and killer moves, its strength rose explosively.


 Nie Kuang Feng and Duan Hu were also like it, at this moment, the three of them were the strongest Gu Immortals shining in this battlefield.


 “Vile beast, don’t think you can act so arrogantly!” Fang Yuan’s four rank eight subordinates surrounded rock monkey Bu Tian Kong.


 Bu Tian Kong instantly felt pressure as it stretched out its tongue, licking its lips with excitement and cruelty shining in its eyes: “Very good, you have nice numbers. Who are you guys?”


 “Lightning Lion!” Lightning Lion Warrior said as he activated a transformation path killer move, turning into the Lightning Lion Warrior that had a lion head and human body.


 “Remember me, I am Dharma!” Dharma Lion Warrior also activated his transformation method, turning into a lion head and human body warrior.


 “Steel Rush.” Steel Rush Warrior turned into a rhino person.


 “Frost Butterfly.” Frost Butterfly Warrior shrank in size, becoming the size of an adult’s fist, it had a human shape with butterfly wings and could let out powerful frost energy.


 In Gu Immortal combat, individuals often fought alone.


 But these four Gu Immortals cultivated transformation path, they did not have conflicting dao marks, furthermore, they were familiar with each other, they had all originated from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 They originally had rank seven cultivation level, but with Fang Yuan’s help, they all became rank eight.


 Immediately, the four warriors surrounded Bu Tian Kong, they fought intensely.


 Their battle went on until the sky turned dark, as if they could go on until the sun and moon lost their luster.


 Bu Tian Kong was encircled and its injuries intensified, but it was getting more ferocious in combat.


 Fists, legs, head, body, knees, elbows, all of these body parts were Bu Tian Kong’s weapons.


 Fist shadows flashed as collisions occurred, Bu Tian Kong would send one person flying each time. But the four were transformation path experts, their bodies were tough and sturdy, even though they were sent flying, they would quickly return and maintain the encirclement, giving Bu Tian Kong huge pressure.


 The battle of the five went from the sky to the ground, before going back to the sky again.


 Everywhere they went, other Gu Immortals dodged with all their might.


 “Awesome, awesome!”


 “Again, again!”


 Bu Tian Kong got more and more excited, it felt its mind becoming clearer as all sorts of inspiration of killer moves surged internally, the barriers that it felt before were starting to loosen.


 It was one of the three luck children of Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer, its talent and aptitude were superb and unmatched.


 The strong external pressure were an opportunity to squeeze out even more of its potential in this situation.


 The rock monkey got fiercer and fiercer, it was originally not proficient with Heavenly Court’s killer moves, but now, it had already mastered them, it even fused the moves into its own combat style.


 “This rock monkey is terrifying, even with the four of us working together, we cannot kill it.” Lightning Lion and the rest were feeling worried.


 Even though they were still encircling the rock monkey, they felt that they were trying to suppress a volcano.


 The volcano was storing up strength at the moment, turning external pressure into its own driving force. Once it reached its limit, the volcano would erupt, the commotion would shock the world, it would retaliate with a fatal attack.


 “Quick, kill him!”


 “Make use of master’s method, let the tribulations wear it down!”


 The four immortals communicated in secret, their cooperation also got smoother.


 All along, Fang Yuan’s heaven envies heroic geniuses killer move had been exerting its effect.


 The tribulations were used by him to target Bu Tian Kong, Nie Kuang Feng, and the rest.


 Of course, most of the tribulations were a form of refinement path method to refine the various small worlds, and the conflicting dao marks between the great worlds.


 Especially with the eruption of tribulations within and outside small worlds.


 These explosions caused small worlds to be destroyed and completely fuse with the three great worlds.


 During this process, Savage Wilderness Great World had the greatest gains.


 However, there was a small world that acted independently, it was ‘outstanding’ among the small worlds, no matter how the tribulations attacked it, it remained unmoved.


 It was Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


 Ordinary small worlds were spherical bubbles, while Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space was cubic with sharp edges.


 No matter what the tribulations did, it remained in its original shape.


 Within Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s gaze was already on this true inheritance space of Thieving Heaven.


 “Otherworldly Demon.” He snorted, memories surfacing in his mind as his expression turned unpleasant.


 Back then, Giant Sun became an Immortal Venerable, he went into Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer and learned of the true details regarding the four venerables repairing the world.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had disregarded the entire Gu cultivation world for his selfish desire, he almost caused the world to be destroyed.


 Even though he extracted his own otherworldly space path dao marks at the crucial moment to seal the gaping hole by creating a subspace, the crack was already created, it could not be mended fully.


 The other three venerable wills gave it their all and paid a huge price.


 Other than Limitless’ will, Genesis Lotus’ and Reckless Savage’s wills had to fall into deep slumber afterwards.


 Using the opportunity, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable got rid of Reckless Savage’s will and took over the control of Savage Wilderness Great World.


 “When Thieving Heaven left behind this true inheritance, other than to seal the hole he made, he had a deeper motive, that was to leave it for the crucial person three hundred thousand years later — Gu Yue Fang Yuan.”


 “However, I made my move in advance to dismantle a portion of the true inheritance, I obtained the killer move perfect pair and imitation Gu.”


 Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space paid a huge price to block the hole back then, it became flawed and was not intact anymore.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun thought about the situation.


 “Since Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance has appeared, with Fang Yuan’s possession of self luck true inheritance, he can use luck inspection to find out that this is his fortuitous encounter.”


 “He will definitely go there.”


 “And Heavenly Court will send troops to stop him.”


 “The greatest enemy is still Heavenly Court!”


 Heavenly Court had the initiative, they were maintaining their advantage. Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was a luck path cultivator, he could not match true experts of wisdom path in deductions.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun decided to watch Fang Yuan’s conflict with Heavenly Court and try to reap the gains of their fight. The main thing was to deal a heavy blow to Heavenly Court!


 Peak of Book Mountain.


 Fairy Yu Xiu, Qin Ding Ling, and the rest were also looking at Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


 “Thieving Heaven’s space has appeared. Since it could block the hole back then, it would not be destroyed by the tribulations within this void. We need to deal with it quickly, it is becoming our obstruction.” Fairy Yu Xiu said.


 “Hmm?” Qin Ding Ling suddenly received important information, she quickly said: “Our informant in Yellow Earth Great World said that Fang Yuan has already gone to Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space. But Longevity Heaven is very quiet, they are not doing anything.”


 Fairy Yu Xiu was not surprised: “Of course he would go, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable left behind this true inheritance for him after all. As for Immortal Zombie Giant Sun who is in Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, he will go there as well.”


 Saying so, Fairy Yu Xiu smiled: “Qin Ding Ling.”


 “Yes.” Qin Ding Ling replied solemnly.


 “Let’s go. We will go find Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.” Fairy Yu Xiu stood up gradually.


 Excitement flashed in Qin Ding Ling’s eyes, she said hesitantly: “Don’t we have to mind Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliative method anymore?”


 “Don’t worry, Thieving Heaven’s space is not part of Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements, he needs us to destroy it or have Fang Yuan inherit it so that it will disappear. This space is an obstruction to Limitless’ derivation, he will be more than happy to see us destroy it.” Fairy Yu Xiu answered.


 Heavenly Court’s troops moved out!


 Divine Emperor City brought Fairy Yu Xiu, Qin Ding Ling, and others along as they departed from Book Mountain.


 At the same time, Demon Judgment Board moved with Fairy Ming Hao and Gu Yue Fang Zheng inside, they also left the front lines.


 Even though Green Lotus Great World was facing the attack of Longevity Heaven and Fang Yuan, because of Fairy Yu Xiu’s earlier actions, Heavenly Court had many mutant Gu Immortals joining them like Bu Tian Kong, Nie Kuang Feng, and Duan Hu.


 These Gu Immortals forced Yellow Earth Great World and Savage Wilderness Great World into a disadvantage.


 Immortal killer move — Spiraling Green Leaf Blade!


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Countless flying leaves moved like blades as they spiraled towards Nie Kuang Feng from all directions.


 Nie Kuang Feng laughed wildly, its body moving agilely between the flying leaves, dodging while also directly charging past the blades that it could not avoid.


 It turned into a tornado at times, the wind blades around it were very sharp and thin.


 Xiao He Jian gritted his teeth, he watched as Nie Kuang Feng approached rapidly, feeling intense pressure in his mind.


 He had already fought Nie Kuang Feng for several minutes now.


 Even though heaven envies heroic geniuses could restrain Nie Kuang Feng, it could not kill him. Nie Kuang Feng had Heavenly Court’s help and managed to recover quickly, it was now treating Xiao He Jian as its own prey.


 “Die!” Nie Kuang Feng shouted.


 “You fell for it!” At the crucial moment, two figures appeared beside Xiao He Jian.


 One was a miniman Gu Immortal, Green Forest Great Sage, the other was Black Locust, the owner of Giant Locust grotto-heaven, who was also another wood path cultivator.


 Xiao He Jian’s killer move changed at once as the three immortals cooperated, their strength grew explosively.


 Flying leaf blades turned into seeds that were planted on Nie Kuang Feng’s body.


 Countless vines started to grow from them, tying Nie Kuang Feng up tightly.


 Nie Kuang Feng was a tornado to begin with but these vines were still capable of binding it, interrupting its immortal essence usage.


 Thus, Nie Kuang Feng’s killer moves could not be sustained for long, the immortal essence flow became unsteady and the power of the moves fell to rock bottom.


 More and more vines appeared, growing longer and longer, they almost covered Nie Kuang Feng completely, leaving no gaps at all.


 “Don’t... force me.” Nie Kuang Feng struggled but it was getting weaker.


 “We finally caught this guy!” Black Locust was overjoyed.


 The three wood path Gu Immortals looked at each other, showing expressions of joy.


 Xiao He Jian was very happy now, because Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch lost to Nie Kuang Feng earlier, while he defeated the latter. Comparing the two, it allowed Xiao He Jian to suppress Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch.


 But at this moment, Nie Kuang Feng’s aura started to become quite peculiar and strange.


 The vines had already turned into a huge ball, but Nie Kuang Feng’s voice could still be heard from within: “I am going to demonize... every time I fall into a desperate predicament, I will demonize.”


 “I don’t want to undergo demonization.”


 “Because once I demonize, I will lose my consciousness until I destroy and kill everyone and everything in the world that I am in!”


 “But you guys forced me, you forced my hand...”


 “Ahhhhhhh!”



***
Chapter 2173 - Perish with the Wind!


***





 



 “Ahhhhhhh!”


 Nie Kuang Feng shouted loudly, the louder its voice, the stronger its aura, it soon reached a shocking and unprecedented level.


 Boom!


 With a loud sound, the vines were torn into countless pieces.


 Nie Kuang Feng regained its freedom.


 But currently, it was not a deep green tornado, it had turned into a reddish brown demonic wind.


 Intense winds blew, it instantly crossed several thousand steps of distance, arriving before Green Forest Great Sage.


 Green Forest Great Sage had already used his defensive killer move, but after the reddish brown demonic wind devoured him, his aura quickly weakened before completely dying after a few breaths of time.


 The demonic wind stopped for a moment, it was like a shark that could smell blood as it charged towards Black Locust who was nearby.


 “Be careful!” Xiao He Jian quickly moved to help.


 But after a few rounds, the demonic wind still managed to kill Black Locust.


 The demonic wind finally targeted Xiao He Jian.


 Xiao He Jian could not match Nie Kuang Feng, he had to retreat as he fought.


 After a few rounds of combat, his tiny face showed a grim expression, his forehead was covered in sweat.


 The aura of defeat and death was getting denser.


 Rumble!


 Lightning tribulations continued to strike but Nie Kuang Feng did not care about them, it was terrifyingly strong.


 Elsewhere.


 “Stop!” Lu Wei Yin shouted.


 But Bu Tian Kong’s fist still landed, smashing Steel Rush Warrior’s skull into mush.


 Thereafter, Bu Tian Kong growled, Steel Rush Warrior’s soul was shattered.


 Steel Rush Warrior could not be more dead, his headless corpse fell from the sky like a broken rag doll.


 Be it his body or immortal aperture, they were absorbed by the great world as nutrients.


 “Who else?!” Bu Tian Kong raised its head and roared, it was overflowing with fighting spirit, rivaling the nine heavens and resounding in the world.


 At this point, the four rank eight Gu Immortals attacking it were all dead, they were mercilessly killed in a horrific manner.


 Lu Wei Yin sighed as he flew towards the rock monkey.


 The rock monkey stared at him fiercely: “Are you the next one? Very good, I will kill you, even if you are Yellow Earth Great World’s sage!”


 Lu Wei Yin shook his head: “I am no sage. Bu Tian Kong, your killing intent is too overbearing.”


 Lu Wei Yin had to take action against Bu Tian Kong personally.


 Bu Tian Kong killed too many Gu Immortals, if it was not stopped, the overall situation of this Gu Immortal battle would be affected.


 Boom boom boom!


 Lu Wei Yin and Bu Tian Kong exchanged blows.


 This time, Bu Tian Kong was finally suppressed.


 Even though it was strong and could kill many rank eight Gu Immortals, it was still not pseudo venerable level. In contrast, even though Lu Wei Yin lacked offense, his defense was firmly in the realm of pseudo venerable level.


 Lu Wei Yin endured Bu Tian Kong’s fierce attacks with much energy to spare.


 “You are not a sage, yet you are so strong already?! Good, very good!”


 “Come and attack me, try and kill me, I have not sensed any fatal killing intent against me for some time already.”


 “Why are you not attacking? Why do you only defend yourself?”


 “Are your attacks so weak and useless? You are too disappointing!!”


 The rock monkey continued to shout as it moved rapidly like lightning in the sky, its attacks were like furious lightning bolts from heaven, its power was rising endlessly.


 But Lu Wei Yin got distracted.


 Because he heard that Fang Yuan had already left for Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space at the center.


 “Oh no!”


 “Lord Fang Yuan, please stop.”


 “Even though that small world might contain Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, it will be targeted by Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven together.”


 “Heavenly Court has already sent their main troops, there are many Immortal Gu Houses and Gu Immortals. Longevity Heaven has also sent Calamity Luck Altar.”


 “Now is not the time for a climactic battle, if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable attacks Paradise Earth’s tomb while you are away, what will we do?”


 Lu Wei Yin transmitted time and again, but Fang Yuan did not even respond to it.


 Lu Wei Yin gritted his teeth, his expression turning unsightly.


 “No matter how strong Fang Yuan is, he is still just a pseudo venerable, he is not a true venerable.”


 “I need to help him!”


 “If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shows up and kills him, who will protect Paradise Earth’s tomb, who will stall for the crucial time?”


 While thinking of this, Lu Wei Yin’s vision suddenly turned dark.


 Bam.


 At the next moment, rock monkey Bu Tian Kong’s fist landed squarely on Lu Wei Yin’s face.


 “You dare to be distracted? You are looking down on me, you will pay a terrible price!” Bu Tian Kong shouted.


 Bu Tian Kong flew towards Lu Wei Yin as they got closer again.


 Lu Wei Yin was forced to retreat, he quickly used his killer move.


 It started to rain.


 Tribulation rain fell on Bu Tian Kong’s body, greatly slowing it down while also corroding its defenses.


 At the same time, Lu Wei Yin’s killer move showed effect.


 Yellowish brown dust started to appear below Bu Tian Kong, they moved around and gradually sealed it.


 “Get lost, get lost!” Bu Tian Kong shouted, using killer moves in a frenzy, trying to sweep away all of the rain and dust surrounding it.


 But the rain and dust gathered together increasingly, eventually sealing it entirely.


 A lump of soil that trapped Bu Tian Kong fell from the sky, after landing on the ground, it turned into a huge soil mountain.


 “Just stay put here.” Lu Wei Yin immediately flew towards Thieving Heaven’s space.


 “No!”


 “I won’t give in, these things cannot hold me down!”


 “Roar—!”


 Bu Tian Kong shouted, its voice resounding like thunder as it reverberated in the battlefield.


 With a loud sound, the mountain was shattered, dust clouds emerged, from within the broken rocks, it flew out again.


 “What?” Lu Wei Yin was stunned.


 Bu Tian Kong’s performance was out of his expectation, how could it escape so quickly?


 Bu Tian Kong resisted the tribulations while flying to catch up to Lu Wei Yin.


 Boom!


 The two exchanged killer moves again, while Lu Wei Yin was held back this time.


 “This monkey’s killer moves are getting stronger, so that’s it.” Lu Wei Yin understood at this moment.


 The tribulations were aiding Bu Tian Kong all along, as long as it was not killed, it would continue to undergo tribulations and gain more dao marks, that was why Bu Tian Kong got increasingly stronger as it fought.


 “I want this heaven... to no longer shroud my vision!” Bu Tian Kong shouted as it used a move that shot out a rainbow, sweeping away the dark clouds of the surrounding five hundred li.


 “I want this earth... to no longer bury my heart!” Bu Tian Kong shouted as it stomped on the ground, mountains collapsed, as Lu Wei Yin, who had his defensive method broken through, watched in surprise.


 Bu Tian Kong was already in a state of insanity, it found Fang Yuan who was not far away, it abandoned Lu Wei Yin and went for Fang Yuan instead!


 “Be careful!” Lu Wei Yin quickly advised: “This monkey is not simple.”


 Fang Yuan did not turn around, it was as if he heard nothing, he only looked at the subspace in front of him.


 Bu Tian Kong moved rapidly and seemingly teleported behind Fang Yuan.


 “I want all life... to understand my intention! I want this sage... to perish with the wind!!” Bu Tian Kong shouted, activating the strongest killer move it had used in its life.


 Winds, clouds, and thunder roared, the world changed colors at this moment!


 “Hmm?” Fang Yuan turned around slightly, waving his hand lightly towards the back.


 At the next moment, Bu Tian Kong fell like a comet, crossing the entire battlefield and slamming into several mountains.


 After a chain of loud explosions, it created a huge gorge of several kilometers on the ground.


 Finally, it lay on the ground, its eyes were wide open but it did not move at all.


 It was dead.


 The unceasing chaotic battles and heated battlefields turned silent at this moment.


 Nie Kuang Feng, who was unstoppable and killing everything in its path, froze in its reddish brown demonic wind state.


 Fang Yuan cast his glance upon it.


 Nie Kuang Feng shuddered immediately.


 At the next moment, endless fear filled its mind and body!


 “I will die, I will die, I am going to die!!”


 It went out of its demonized state, immediately gaining clarity.


 “Escape!!”


 It quickly flew away, ignoring its opponent, Xiao He Jian.


 Xiao He Jian was heavily injured and was on the verge of death, he had no way to fight back, with just one attack, he would die.


 He stared with a dumbfounded look as Nie Kuang Feng escaped from the battlefield in a crazed state.


 Fang Yuan turned around again, looking at Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space with a calm expression.


 He turned to look at Heavenly Court’s army, Divine Emperor City and Demon Judgment Board were arriving soon.


 He looked at the other side.


 Longevity Heaven’s Calamity Luck Altar shined with a golden aurora, it was arriving too.


 A cold and ruthless light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes for a moment, he turned into a white ray of light as he entered Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


 “Charge, we will fight inside!” Fairy Yu Xiu immediately ordered.


 Once Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses arrived, they also entered Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


 They could not use their full strength outside, if they went past the limit, they would face Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliative method.


 At the same time, it was easier to destroy Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space from the inside.


 Fang Yuan’s vision changed rapidly, when he regained his sight, he was already in this true inheritance space.


 Every true inheritance space that Thieving Heaven left behind could be considered an artificial secluded domain.


 This was a strange space, it had warm lights but no mountains, rivers, wind, or land, it was completely empty.


 But there were some peculiarities in here, there were black lines that extended everywhere, covering every inch of the space.


 These lines were either thick or thin, they all gave off a terrifying aura that Fang Yuan felt fearful towards.


 At the same time, he felt familiarity in this aura.


 He quickly thought of the mysterious black fire in the blue dragon whale’s grotto-heaven.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not know what happened three hundred thousand years ago, after seeing this, he realized immediately: “It seems that this true inheritance space is going to collapse soon. I need to quickly comprehend the mysteries here and decipher where the true inheritance really is.”


 The last time he entered a true inheritance space of Thieving Heaven, he obtained ghostly concealment.


 That time, Fang Yuan went in through open door Gu and close door Gu. At that time, the true inheritance space was very stable, it had many winds of assimilation tornadoes inside. Only an otherworldly demon could dispel the wind by touching them.


 Because of that, Fang Yuan accidentally saved Feng Jiu Ge.


 After all the tornadoes had vanished, Fang Yuan successfully obtained ghostly concealment, it was a smooth process.


 But this space was different.


 There were no tornadoes at all, if Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance really existed here, it would be hidden deeply and would require deductions.


 But Fang Yuan was not rushing to make deductions, he took out a formation from his immortal aperture and placed it within this space.


 It was the five regional limit formation.


 The five regional limit formation activated, five colored smoke spewed out.


 In a few breaths of time, five colored smoke spread out in the surrounding ten li, it was so dense that one could not see their own fingers.


 After Heavenly Court’s troops entered Thieving Heaven’s space, they went inside the five colored smoke and immediately felt suppressed.


 “These are... the five region’s regional walls?!”



***
Chapter 2174 - I Became Handsome, I Became Stronger!


***





 Chapter 2174: I Became Handsome, I Became Stronger! 

 “Why are the five regional walls mixed together in here?!”


 “Is this an arrangement of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space?”


 “No, this is Fang Yuan’s five restriction profound light qi, he had modified it, it is as if the five regional walls are replicated.” Fairy Yu Xiu quickly deduced.


 Fang Yuan’s five restriction profound light qi and five regional limit formation were exposed during the fate war, with these clues, it was not an issue for a wisdom path great expert like Fairy Yu Xiu to deduce.


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan suddenly appeared, his killer move landing on Demon Judgment Board.


 Demon Judgment Board was instantly swept away deep into the dense fog.


 “We cannot fight here, Fang Yuan has the sovereign immortal body, he is unrestricted!” Gu Yue Fang Zheng shouted.


 “Originally, the five regional walls had disappeared completely, to think that Fang Yuan would reproduce them, it seems that he has been preparing for this battle for a long time.” Fairy Ming Hao gritted her teeth before ordering: “Find the five regional limit formation and destroy it!”


 Southern restriction purple-black miasma light qi, central restriction white-gold saint light qi, northern restriction jade licorice light qi, western restriction red raging flame light qi, and eastern restriction blue water light qi. They were all different now, having being elevated to a whole new level, they were already on par with the five regional walls that existed in the past.


 Back then when Tao Zhu researched on the five regional walls, he created the methods of five regional limit formation and five restriction profound light qi.


 Fang Yuan used the foundation of his life’s research and made a breakthrough, he reached a height that Tao Zhu had never seen in his life.


 Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body, he was completely unaffected in the five regional walls, other Gu Immortals, however, were restricted by the regional walls, no matter what Gu worms they used, they would have to face a backlash.


 With this difference, Fang Yuan’s advantage was too huge, Heavenly Court did not want to see this situation.


 In the past, they would not be affected by central restriction white-gold saint light qi, but now was different, with the merging of the five regions and the rampage of qi tides, the entire world’s aura has been unified, Gu Immortals were no longer differentiated by regions.


 And this new combined aura of the five regions was not any of the previous five regional qi.


 Thus, no matter which region the Gu Immortal came from, they would be suppressed within this five restriction profound light qi.


 Boom boom boom!


 Fang Yuan dealt a heavy blow to Divine Emperor City, causing this huge city’s green surface layer of light to shake and tremble.


 But Divine Emperor City was too huge, even Fang Yuan could not destroy it for now.


 From Divine Emperor City, a female immortal flew out, she was a young lady with a beautiful appearance, it was Fairy Yu Xiu.


 She surged with battle intent as she went to Fang Yuan: “Gu Yue Fang Yuan, do you dare to fight me?”


 At this time, another Immortal Gu House arrived in Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


 It was Longevity Heaven’s Calamity Luck Altar.


 Bing Sai Chuan’s voice resounded from within: “Fang Yuan, why don’t we join hands and dismantle this Divine Emperor City first!”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly and replied: “No, currently, Demon Judgment Board has been thrown into the five regional walls, while Divine Emperor City is too big and hard to send flying. Your side will stall Divine Emperor City while I will go and destroy Demon Judgment Board!”


 “Fang Yuan...” Bing Sai Chuan wanted to urge him.


 But Fang Yuan turned around and went into the five colored smoke without hesitation.


 “Ignore him, our target is Divine Emperor City!” Within Calamity Luck Altar, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sat at the main seat as he ordered.


 “Yes, master!” Bing Sai Chuan immediately moved Calamity Luck Altar, which crashed towards Divine Emperor City like a comet.


 Fairy Yu Xiu gritted her teeth, she had to defend it.


 Lu Wei Yin also arrived at this moment.


 “Lord Fang Yuan!” He only managed to see Fang Yuan’s figure disappearing into the five colored smoke.


 “Sigh!” Lu Wei Yin sighed deeply, he did not dare to enter the five colored smoke deeply, he had to communicate with Bing Sai Chuan and attack Divine Emperor City instead.


 The five regional limit formation continued to function as five colored smoke poured out endlessly.


 Within the dense smoke, Demon Judgment Board charged everywhere, trying to find the location of the formation. Outside the dense smoke, Divine Emperor City and Calamity Luck Altar fought intensely.


 “Found it!” Inside Demon Judgment Board, Fairy Ming Hao’s eyes suddenly opened.


 She was a pseudo venerable level wisdom path great expert, her full strength was nothing short of extraordinary.


 But this deduction also dealt heavy damage to her, after all, she was using wisdom path killer moves in the five regional walls.


 “Good, if we destroy this formation, we will be ruining one of Fang Yuan’s trump cards!” Gu Yue Fang Zheng flew with great morale, charging with Demon Judgment Board.


 The five colored smoke became denser as Demon Judgment Board’s luster became dimmer, Gu Yue Fang Zheng was sustaining a huge backlash, his face soon turned pale as blood oozed out of his mouth.


 Boom boom boom!


 Fang Yuan found them and used killer moves continuously with terrifying strength.


 Demon Judgment Board was facing greater difficulty in defending itself, it moved precariously ahead.


 “Ignore him, destroy the formation!” Fairy Ming Hao’s child-like appearance was filled with boldness and determination.


 Demon Judgment Board paused for a moment before shooting out a blood red beam of light.


 The blood red light was thick and powerful, it landed on the formation with an extremely fast speed.


 The surface of the five regional limit formation radiated with five colored lights, it shook slightly but did not collapse.


 “How can this be?” Within Demon Judgment Board, Fang Zheng was very shocked.


 He was clear of this move’s power, even within the five regional walls, it should not be this weak.


 Fairy Ming Hao understood the reason immediately, her pupils shrank slightly: “Fang Yuan invested a lot into this formation, it has at least eight rank eight Immortal Gu and the defense is high, we cannot destroy it in a short period of time!”


 The five regional limit formation used Region and Limit as the cores originally, as well as a vast number of mortal Gu.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan added earth vein Immortal Gu, followed by Formation Spirit and Formation Flag.


 During the fate war, these Immortal Gu were mostly rank seven.


 But the current Fang Yuan was different, while recuperating, he did not just modify the five regional limit formation again by raising its defense, he even raised all of the Immortal Gu in this formation to rank eight.


 His wealth was simply unimaginable!


 The full powered attack of Demon Judgment Board could not even remove one layer of the five regional limit formation’s defense. In fact, because they activated a powerful killer move, the backlash was even greater.


 This famous rank eight Immortal Gu House was now covered in cracks, it was near the point of breaking apart.


 “What should we do now?” Fang Zheng could not help but be flustered internally.


 Fang Yuan was attacking outside and giving him huge pressure. Their goal of trying to destroy the five regional limit formation was also impossible now.


 “I advise that we retreat!” Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, suggesting to Fairy Ming Hao.


 Fairy Ming Hao nodded: “Fighting here is too unfavorable. But it is fine, destroying this formation was only one attempt, even if we fail, there is no consequence on the eventual outcome. Let’s go!”


 Fairy Ming Hao left Demon Judgment Board and opened her immortal aperture’s entrance, storing this Immortal Gu House.


 Next, in front of Fang Yuan’s surprised gaze, she vanished on the spot!


 Soon, Lu Wei Yin, who was fighting outside, transmitted to Fang Yuan that Fairy Ming Hao had suddenly appeared beside Fairy Yu Xiu, he also asked about the situation on Fang Yuan’s end.


 “The two pseudo venerables Ming Hao and Yu Xiu are able to teleport to each other instantly?” Fang Yuan guessed.


 Fairy Ming Hao did not succeed in destroying his five regional limit formation, while Fang Yuan also failed to destroy Demon Judgment Board.


 In essence, this was a draw, Fang Yuan might have a slight upper hand.


 But the situation was still stuck in a deadlock.


 “As long as the five regional limit formation is still functioning, five colored smoke will continue to spread and fill the entire true inheritance space.”


 “But this will take too long, neither Heavenly Court nor Longevity Heaven will want to stay in here until then.”


 Fang Yuan pondered rapidly.


 The five regional limit formation was not a battlefield killer move, it could not restrain people, they could enter and exit freely.


 It would take too long for the five colored smoke to fill Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space, during this period of time, Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance might be discovered by someone, or the space might collapse because of the intense fights.


 Fang Yuan flew out rapidly, leaving the five colored smoke, he went to the battlefield of Divine Emperor City and Calamity Luck Altar.


 On one hand, he was wary of Heavenly Court’s deduction ability, similar to his refinement path attainment, Heavenly Court’s wisdom path attainment was a huge advantage for them. Fang Yuan had to restrain them from having the time to deduce the true inheritance’s location.


 On the other hand, Fang Yuan had to join the battle and make deductions in his mind as well.


 Divine Emperor City floated in the sky while spreading green light, it was grand and imposing, remaining unmovable.


 Calamity Luck Altar was like a golden comet, Bing Sai Chuan manipulated it to its limit, it flew around Divine Emperor City continuously, launching all sorts of attacks.


 Between the two Immortal Gu Houses, four pseudo venerables, Fang Yuan, Lu Wei Yin, Ming Hao, and Yu Xiu were fighting.


 The two sides were first evenly matched, but soon, Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin fell into a disadvantage.


 Fairy Ming Hao and Fairy Yu Xiu were very powerful, they each had a mature combat system.


 Fairy Ming Hao’s flying stars seemed like a singular move but they were all consecutive moves. By repeatedly hitting the same target, Fang Yuan would have to endure increasing damage each time.


 Fairy Yu Xiu’s methods were also very profound, she used her attainment level to suppress others. It was hard for ordinary Gu Immortals to find a countermeasure.


 Lu Wei Yin fell into a tough battle due to Fairy Yu Xiu’s focus on him.


 While Fang Yuan also had a taste of the power of Fairy Ming Hao’s pride Gu.


 Thoughts collided in Fang Yuan’s mind with great issues, many powerful and complex killer moves could not be used, the risks were too great.


 And most importantly, Ming Hao and Yu Xiu had incredibly well coordinated cooperation.


 Their coordination was extraordinary, Fang Yuan had never seen anything like it before.


 Because of this, while Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin worked together, they were suppressed by the two fairies.


 “The cooperation of Yu Xiu and Ming Hao has produced a qualitative change, if I fought alone, I would have lost already!” Lu Wei Yin had a solemn mood.


 The opponents were working together impeccably, their cooperation was simply not humanly possible, they gave off a natural feeling, as if it was only reasonable for them to work together this perfectly.


 While Ming Hao and Yu Xiu fought against Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin, they even had time to help Divine Emperor City resist Calamity Luck Altar.


 “Fang Yuan, you want Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance?” Fairy Yu Xiu smiled: “Then you need to know that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had once been here and damaged Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space, he took out a portion of the true inheritance by force. Thankfully, you are allies, you can ask for it.”


 Fairy Yu Xiu easily tried to sow discord.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly as he said to Lu Wei Yin: “Go deal with Divine Emperor City, I will handle these two.”


 “Lord Fang Yuan, without me, if you fight alone...” Lu Wei Yin was hesitant.


 Fang Yuan looked at him coldly: “Leave, you are hindering me.”


 Lu Wei Yin gritted his teeth as he flew away from Fang Yuan.


 Seeing this change, Fairy Ming Hao and Yu Xiu saw the weakness in their enemies, they looked at each other before launching rapid attacks at Fang Yuan together.


 Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture’s entrance and let out a young Gu Immortal.


 Rank eight transformation path Gu Immortal Zhan Bu Du!


 Immortal killer move — Incomplete Freedom Transformation!


 The young man shouted as a blood red cape appeared on his back, fluttering with the wind.


 “I became handsome, I became stronger!” Zhan Bu Du clenched his fist, staring at the two female immortals with a shining gaze filled with surging fighting spirit.



***
Chapter 2175 - Giant Sun Takes Action


***





 Chapter 2175: Giant Sun Takes Action 

 In Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space, the battle between two Immortal Gu Houses had been ongoing for some time.


 It was very intense.


 “Come fight!” Zhan Bu Du shouted as he descended like a ferocious dragon, charging towards the two Heavenly Court pseudo venerables, Yu Xiu and Ming Hao.


 Yu Xiu and Ming Hao split up at once, retreating at the same time as they created a long distance.


 Zhan Bu Du missed his target again, he snorted coldly with some anger internally.


 He was one of Fang Yuan’s clones, he cultivated transformation path and rose to rank eight, he had his own totem killer moves. But his own battle strength was still far from the peak of rank eight, he was not the match of experts like Qin Ding Ling or Wu Yong.


 But once he used the killer move incomplete freedom transformation, he would instantly reach pseudo venerable battle strength!


 Incomplete freedom transformation was not simple at all, it was extraordinary.


 This transformation was made up of three moves: internal breathing green fish transformation, devouring blue leopard transformation, and thunder rush yellow bird transformation.


 After Zhan Bu Du used incomplete freedom transformation, he gained the advantages of all three killer moves without any of their drawbacks.


 He could move like lightning, shoot out lightning bolts, possess immense recovery and regeneration, and also the ability to devour all attacks.


 Even though he was human, each action held divine strength that could intimidate demons or deities! He could directly suppress all immemorial desolate beasts or plants, he was basically a moving calamity that could fight heaven and earth, dominating all that were in his way!


 Even Ming Hao and Yu Xiu did not dare to fight Zhan Bu Du head on, they engaged with him from a distance.


 However, when their various killer moves got close to Zhan Bu Du, they would either be devoured or endured forcefully, before his regeneration took place and healed his body completely.


 After a few rounds of combat, Ming Hao and Yu Xiu lost their enthusiasm to fight against Zhan Bu Du.


 The enemy was too resilient but also very fast, thankfully, he lacked in the wisdom path aspect, while Yu Xiu and Ming Hao were experts in this.


 Thus, they started to use wisdom path killer moves to weaken Zhan Bu Du, while deducing and preempting many of his attacks to dodge them.


 It was very wise that Fang Yuan gave incomplete freedom transformation to Zhan Bu Du.


 He was a pseudo venerable in the first place, using incomplete freedom transformation was quite wasteful, giving it to Zhan Bu Du would produce another pseudo venerable instantly.


 Once Zhan Bu Du took action, the situation changed.


 Fang Yuan and Zhan Bu Du worked together to deal with Ming Hao and Yu Xiu, they regained their footing as Heavenly Court lost the initiative, they went into a deadlock again.


 Zhan Bu Du frowned deeply: “These two are extremely slippery and utilize their advantages well, I am unable to use my expertise against them. And their cooperation is simply too fluid, even though the main body and I have the closest of relationships, we are still not as well coordinated as them. It is likely because they are both wisdom path great experts!”


 Rumble...


 While moving around, both sides launched killer moves again, causing a beautiful display of fireworks to occur, the firepower was getting more intense.


 Fang Yuan’s main body was still showing a cold expression.


 Ming Hao and Yu Xiu were also secretly scheming.


 “From the start, Fang Yuan has not been using his full strength, he is making deductions while fighting! He wants to deduce the location of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.” Fairy Yu Xiu was very clear of her enemy’s actions.


 Fairy Ming Hao gritted her teeth: “He also has the Qi Sea clone, that is another pseudo venerable battle strength, if he is let out, this will get more troublesome. If we work together, we can resist the three of them for now, but this crafty Fang Yuan will definitely use the numbers to his advantage, he will ignore us and focus on Divine Emperor City!”


 Heavenly Court actually knew about Qi Sea Ancestor’s true identity.


 As it turned out, Qin Ding Ling knew this secret some time ago but she did not expose him at that time.


 During the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court did not know. But afterwards, Qin Ding Ling learned about the truth from Heavenly Court grotto-heaven.


 After all, the Qi Sea clone was created in Heavenly Court, Heavenly Court’s qi harvest fruit was used in the process!


 Heavenly Court had existed for millions of years, it naturally had ways to find out.


 Precisely because of that, when the Qi Sea clone used the name of the Righteous Qi Alliance and invited Heavenly Court to send Gu Immortals against Fang Yuan, Qin Ding Ling did not give an affirmative response.


 Fairy Yu Xiu transmitted: “Qin Ding Ling is a passable leader of Heavenly Court, when Heavenly Court lacked a pseudo venerable battle strength, she controlled herself and caused Fang Yuan to be misled into thinking that the Qi Sea clone was not be exposed, thus not using him now. Right now, we are benefiting from that.”


 Fairy Ming Hao nodded secretly: “We can’t kill Fang Yuan here, but we cannot let him obtain the Thieving Heaven true inheritance here, we need to try and destroy this true inheritance space from the inside!”


 The battle intensified but the strange thing was that neither side truly treated the opponent as their opponent.


 Fang Yuan was doing his best to make deductions, he was not using his full strength in battle.


 Zhan Bu Du was sent out to restrain the two Heavenly Court pseudo venerables as well. After all, he could cooperate better with his clone compared to Lu Wei Yin.


 Meanwhile, Heavenly Court focused on destroying Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.


 As for Longevity Heaven.


 Calamity Luck Altar had been finding trouble with Divine Emperor City, all sorts of killer moves were unleashed without restraint, not caring about this true inheritance space.


 Evidently, regardless of what Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was after, he still had the intention to destroy this space so Fang Yuan could not gain anything!


 Even though Longevity Heaven was allied with Fang Yuan, they were only doing so out of pressure from Heavenly Court.


 They did not want to see Fang Yuan get any more help.


 Especially when this help came from Thieving Heaven!


 Divine Emperor City’s green light continued to shine densely, defending it from any attacks no matter how fierce or intense they were.


 Divine Emperor City was not only defending itself, it also had offenses!


 Immortal killer move — Divine Bean Soldier!


 Yellow bean soldiers charged ahead, green bean soldiers shot out arrows like rain, red bean soldiers self-detonated, black bean soldiers defended at the center. There were also blue and white bean soldiers mixed among them, having their own tasks.


 Each time Lu Wei Yin attacked Divine Emperor City, he would face the encirclement of these divine bean soldiers.


 Lu Wei Yin used his offensive killer moves and caused great losses to these divine bean soldiers, less than ten percent of them survived.


 This result shocked Lu Wei Yin, despite him being specialized in defense, his offensive methods were also at the peak of rank eight, to think that he could not completely eliminate these divine bean soldiers.


 The reason was because of Divine Emperor City’s other move — Graft Wood.


 This move could allow the divine bean soldiers to be connected together and share the damage they suffered. The bulk of the damage went to Divine Emperor City, while the divine bean soldiers bore the rest of the burden. Thus, these divine bean soldiers were very hard to kill in battle!


 After Lu Wei Yin spent a long time to break out of the encirclement, when he approached Divine Emperor City, countless lightning bolts shot towards him.


 It was immortal killer move — Myriad Life Spring Lightning!


 Countless sparks that resembled dragons or snakes, as well as jade green lightning balls that exploded.


 After they exploded, the remaining wood path dao marks would remain in the area and modify this battlefield gradually.


 Thankfully, this was Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space and not the five regions, thus this move’s power could not be fully displayed.


 After Lu Wei Yin endured the lightning bolts and got closer, the jade lights around Divine Emperor City started to turn into spirals as they shot out painting path killer moves.


 These painting figures had countless forms, like flowers, birds, fishes, or insects, they were extremely varied and gave Lu Wei Yin a huge problem.


 “Painting path is very unique, my attacks cannot get rid of them, I can’t conceal myself with my defensive methods either, this is a problem.”


 Painting path was kept as a secret by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, this was Lu Wei Yin’s first encounter with it, there was no helping it, he felt he was without options.


 Lu Wei Yin was unable to break Divine Emperor City’s defense, Calamity Luck Altar was similar.


 Calamity Luck Altar was a rank eight luck path Immortal Gu House, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created it personally, it displayed great might during the fate war, but right now, it could not do anything to Divine Emperor City.


 The reason was that Divine Emperor City shot out rays of white light from time to time, Calamity Luck Altar had to dodge them each time without being careless.


 This was human path killer move — Broken Homes and Dead Family!


 This move countered Immortal Gu Houses, during the fate war, Immortal Gu House Chicken Dog Coop was only grazed by it and the entire Immortal Gu House broke apart without a single Gu Immortal inside surviving.


 This was the human path offensive killer move that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable created, Calamity Luck Altar was restrained by it.


 At once, Calamity Luck Altar could only guard the surroundings. This structure with three floors of round altars and multiple pillars holding it up, having white jade railings and shining aurora, was acting like an irritating fly that was moving around a person.


 However, it was also not strange.


 Calamity Luck Altar displayed great might earlier when fighting against Gu Immortals. The truth was, its most valuable method was the killer move calamity luck revolution. This move could turn all sorts of calamities and tribulations into becoming harmless to the immortal aperture, instead nourishing it accordingly. Longevity Heaven relied on Calamity Luck Altar to survive countless tribulations and grow over time.


 That was the use of Calamity Luck Altar, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left it in Longevity Heaven before dying for this reason as well.


 Divine Emperor City, painting world.


 Fang Di Chang and Shen Shang worked together to comprehend the mysteries within.


 “There is a huge disturbance in the outside world, it is likely a huge battle! Divine Emperor City possesses the methods of Divine Bean Palace and Emperor City, now that these methods are used so frequently, it shows that the ones attacking Divine Emperor City are not weaklings.” Shen Shang said.


 This was a good thing for them.


 The more these methods were used, the more they could observe and comprehend the wood path, painting path and human path profundities within.


 “Is it my main body attacking Divine Emperor City now?” Fang Di Chang guessed: “Or maybe someone is trying to save the existences within growling beast painting world and qi howling painting world?”


 Right at this time, Shen Shang’s and Fang Di Chang’s expressions changed, they stood up in shock as their gazes pierced through the room, towards the painting world’s sky.


 In the sky, golden aurora gathered into two giant hands.


 These two hands shrouded heaven and earth, they were unimaginably big, the left hand grabbed qi howling painting world while the right hand grabbed growling beast painting world.


 Genesis Lotus’ will growled loudly, the power of painting path burst out to suppress the two giant hands.


 Within Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


 The battle was at the final critical moment, the entirety of Thieving Heaven’s space was covered in black lines, at the brink of destruction.


 Zhan Bu Du gritted his teeth, he felt anxious internally: “The main body has not deduced the true location yet, he might not make it in time!”


 “The time is now!” Within Calamity Luck Altar, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun took a look at Fang Yuan before taking a step out.


 At the next moment, he appeared on the battlefield.



***
Chapter 2176 - Primordial Domain!


***





 Chapter 2176: Primordial Domain! 

 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?!” Fang Yuan’s pupils contracted, even though he had a guess already, he could not help but feel internally moved.


 Golden light burst out in the battlefield, Divine Emperor City shook intensely as if something was breaking out from within.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun bellowed.


 In the painting worlds, countless citizens looked up at the sky dumbstruck, they saw two hands flying in the sky, directly smashing two huge holes in the painting worlds!


 The two hands flew out of Divine Emperor City unobstructed, disintegrating in the battlefield, revealing Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Mao Li Qiu.


 “I was saved?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue was filled with surprise and joy.


 “Master!” Mao Li Qiu saw Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and was choked with tears: “I knew you would come and save me, woof!”


 Mao Li Qiu’s body immediately shrunk, it became tiny and jumped into Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s arms.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun showed a doting smile as he petted Mao Li Qiu’s head: “You are still the same, you bark like a dog when you are excited.”


 “Woof woof woof!” Mao Li Qiu looked up at its master and barked with tears flowing out of its eyes.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable? He has already recovered to this degree.” Fairy Ming Hao was shocked.


 “Ignore him, use our full strength to stall Fang Yuan, we are about to destroy Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space!” Fairy Yu Xiu reminded.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, opening his immortal aperture’s entrance.


 Qi Sea Ancestor flew out.


 Immortal killer move — Unlimited Qi Sea!


 At once, vast qi surged, rushing towards him from all directions.


 Ming Hao and Yu Xiu were intercepted by this move, while Fang Yuan used the chance to dive into the five colored smoke.


 “It’s here!” He finally found the location of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.


 The five colored smoke had reached it already.


 Fang Yuan instantly went there and took away the remaining content of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.


 At almost the next moment, Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space collapsed.


 “Quickly leave!” Lu Wei Yin and the rest quickly retreated.


 After Fang Yuan withdrew the five regional limit formation and became the last person to leave, Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space vanished into thin air at almost the same time!


 “He succeeded after all.” Fairy Ming Hao sighed.


 Fairy Yu Xiu smiled: “This true inheritance has been half devastated already, no need to worry, our goal has been achieved in this fight. Let’s go! The crucial part starts now.”


 Fairy Yu Xiu stored Divine Emperor City, the two immortals vanished instantly.


 Seeing this, Fang Yuan revealed an expression of contemplation.


 “Lord Fang Yuan.” Lu Wei Yin quickly gathered alongside Zhan Bu Du, Qi Sea Ancestor, and Fang Yuan.


 At the other side, there was Calamity Luck Altar and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun!


 Both sides did not talk, even though they were allies, they both knew about the dependability level of their alliance.


 “Four pseudo venerable battle strengths...” Bing Sai Chuan, who was within Calamity Luck Altar, was tongue-tied, in just a short period, Fang Yuan’s strength had grown to such a level.


 Longevity Heaven’s Gu Immortals were not fools, the moment Qi Sea Ancestor appeared, they realized he was Fang Yuan’s clone.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable...” Fang Yuan looked at Immortal Zombie Giant Sun as he squinted, maintaining silence.


 Even though the other party was an immortal zombie now, he still had extraordinary strength and profound methods, the moment he took action, he broke into Divine Emperor City and saved Demon Immortal Qi Jue and Mao Li Qiu, who were sealed inside the painting worlds.


 Right now, Mao Li Qiu was curled up in Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s arms, wagging its tail in joy, how could one even imagine that this was a proud legendary immemorial beast?


 As for Demon Immortal Qi Jue, he stood at one side without much embarrassment, his expression was hesitant and suspicious.


 He was saved by Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, but the moment he came out, he saw Longevity Heaven, Heavenly Court, and Fang Yuan in a three-way battle, after that, Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space got destroyed, what in the world was happening?


 The scale of the battle was huge, the situation was complex, Demon Immortal Qi Jue could not process it immediately.


 “Fang Yuan.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun nodded at Fang Yuan, taking the initiative to speak: “This is Heavenly Court’s scheme.”


 Fang Yuan raised his brows: “Oh? How so?”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun pointed at the place where Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space was destroyed: “According to what I know, Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space was added in much later, it was used to salvage the situation. Because it greatly affected Limitless Demon Venerable’s derivation, its destruction is something that Limitless’ will is happy to see.”


 “At the same time, Heavenly Court’s Feng Ya is trying to deduce Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements, she is also obstructed by this space. Now that it is destroyed, her progress will be smooth sailing.”


 “Earlier, when I deduced Limitless’ arrangements, I had fought against her from afar, she is the strongest wisdom path expert among the three pseudo venerables. She has already come into contact with the other core of the ninth layer — Primordial Domain!”


 “Heavenly Court came here to obstruct you from getting Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance on the surface, but their true intention was to force me to take action by using the captives in Divine Emperor City as bait.”


 “Without my obstruction, seeing that Feng Ya has not shown up even now, it is likely that they have made a breakthrough there. Their advantage and initiative has grown even larger.”


 The moment Immortal Zombie Giant Sun finished his words, Fang Yuan’s expression changed slightly.


 The other immortals’ pupils shrank, along with Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, they all turned towards the direction of Green Lotus Great World.


 The immortals looked past a vast distance, seeing that at the center of Green Lotus Great World, a lump of phantom image appeared at the peak of Book Mountain.


 This phantom image was pure white and humongous, it was far larger than even Book Mountain, having the shape of a ball, with the inner area shining dazzlingly with white light.


 The immortals were all shaken.


 Lu Wei Yin’s expression turned ugly as he said: “Primordial Domain!”


 >, chapter five, section thirty-six states —


 Carefree Wisdom Heart was born, she was intelligent and witty, Ren Zu liked his eighth child a lot.


 But at the same time, Ren Zu was vexed: “My mind shattered, what do I do? I cannot store more knowledge anymore. Sigh, it seems that only the two of you can help me now.”


 Thus, Carefree Wisdom Heart and Great Strength True Martial used their own minds to store up more knowledge.


 They filled their minds with knowledge, before moving along with Ren Zu.


 Ren Zu and his children started their third attempt.


 Before they took a step, they would scatter ink text and knowledge, the text would describe their knowledge and form a small black path.


 Ren Zu and his children walked on this small path.


 But when they finished using their knowledge and reached the end of the ink text path, they did not see any signs of wisdom Gu.


 Ren Zu’s third attempt failed again.


 Great Strength True Martial shrugged in disappointment: “What do we do now? We have already done our best, but our knowledge is still insufficient. We cannot hold any more knowledge in our minds.”


 Ren Zu sighed, he was also quite helpless.


 At this time, hope Gu flew out: “Oh human, don’t be disappointed, I am here.”


 Ren Zu was surprised: “How can you help me?”


 Hope Gu answered: “Oh human, I can awaken your aperture[1].”


 Hope allowed people to gain enlightenment (awaken their aperture).


 Thus, hope Gu exerted effort to create an aperture for Ren Zu.


 Humility Gu laughed: “Then let me help you as well, human. When you have humility, your capacity will be larger, you will be able to hold more things.”


 Thus, the aperture expanded in size.


 Ren Zu obtained the aperture and felt very happy: “This place is really huge, I can store so much knowledge! This is wonderful.”


 Ren Zu and his children went to Book Mountain again, they refined their knowledge and searched for ink text.


 Ren Zu stored a lot of knowledge into his aperture, even he did not know the quantity he took.


 Ren Zu and his children set off on their fourth journey, they stepped on the ink text path and entered deep into Qian Kun Crystal Wall.


 They went very deeply and searched many places, they changed directions countless times but still could not find wisdom Gu.


 They had no choice but to return to Book Mountain.


 This time, because the exploration took too long, the ink text path that they created when they set off was unable to endure the endless barrage of information, a large portion of it faded away.


 Ren Zu found the inkman elder and asked: “Why can’t we find wisdom Gu?”


 The inkman elder replied: “Sometimes, when we inkmen explore the place, we would encounter wisdom Gu. But you three have searched the entire Qian Kun Crystal Wall but did not find wisdom Gu, it means that it is intentionally hiding from you, it does not want to meet you.”


 Carefree Wisdom Heart quickly asked: “Then where is wisdom Gu hiding at?”


 The inkman elder pondered and said: “Oh humans, you have searched the entire Qian Kun Crystal Wall. If wisdom Gu is still inside here, it can only hide in one place. That place is called Primordial Domain, it is the most mysterious part of Qian Kun Crystal Wall.”


 “Qian Kun Crystal Wall has a record of everything that happens in the world, it contains infinite information. Primordial Domain contains the information of the world since creation, it also has the information of the ends of all living beings. It is both the starting point and the ending point. It has nothing, yet it comprises everything.”


 Great Strength True Martial was overjoyed: “We have not gone to Primordial Domain yet, oh inkman elder, tell us how to get into the Primordial Domain.”


 The inkman elder shook his head: “It is not that I do not want to help you, but we inkmen have also only heard of the location, we have never entered it. Oh humans, we inkmen admire you a lot. You possess knowledge that far surpasses us, thus, if you want to enter Primordial Domain, you need to rely on yourselves.”


 Ren Zu and his children had to make their own research.


 Carefree Wisdom Heart had a find, she shouted joyfully: “I found it, I found it!”


 “Oh daughter, what did you find, why are you so excited?” Ren Zu asked in curiosity.


 Carefree Wisdom Heart opened both her palms: “On my right palm, I found right Gu. On my left palm, I found wrong Gu.”


 “These two Gu are born in your body, they are ordinary looking and are much less presentable than my authority Gu. What help can they give us?” Great Strength True Martial was very prideful, he spoke nonchalantly.


 Carefree Wisdom Heart answered: “These two Gu allow us to differentiate and classify our knowledge. Look at our knowledge again, the truth is, much of it is right at this moment, but after some time, those pieces of information will be wrong. There is also much of it that is right when placed here, but wrong when placed there. I think that if we use the knowledge that is always right at all times and use it to make our text path, we will be able to reach Primordial Domain.”


 Ren Zu nodded: “Your words are quite logical. Let us try it.”


 But no matter how they looked, they could not find such knowledge.


 Great Strength True Martial’s strong Gu said proudly: “Oh humans, you are wasting your effort. Because in this world, there has only been strong and weak, there has never been right or wrong, thus, your actions are in vain, you cannot classify right and wrong.”


 [1] Awaken aperture in Chinese can also mean enlightenment/reach an understanding.



***
Chapter 2177 - Venerable Invincibility


***





 Chapter 2177: Venerable Invincibility 

 “Qian Kun Crystal Wall contains everything that happens in the world, all of the information comprises genuine events with no lies. Using right and wrong will not be able to differentiate them at all, because since they exist, or rather, since they existed, they are all logical information.”


 Carefree Wisdom Heart was criticized, but her eyes shined with bright light: “I get it, the existence of everyone in the world, regardless of right or wrong, is logical, because this is the true meaning of their existence. This is what true meaning is!”


 “Be it information or knowledge, they are a type of expression of true meaning, a form of revelation. If we can grasp true meaning, not only can we explain what is right, we can also explain what is wrong, it can explain everything!”


 “Let us search for it.”


 The three of them started to dig up true meaning from the vast sea of knowledge.


 Great Strength True Martial was the first to get impatient, Ren Zu also lost his perseverance soon, but only Carefree Wisdom Heart remained calm and composed, her expression was serious and solemn.


 After a long time, Great Strength True Martial pointed at Carefree Wisdom Heart, he gasped in shock: “Look, another Gu grew on your body!”


 The newly born Gu was called serious Gu.


 After Carefree Wisdom Heart obtained it, she became very happy: “With this Gu, I will be able to recognize true meaning more easily.”


 After a long time, Ren Zu pointed at Carefree Wisdom Heart as well: “Look, another Gu appeared on your body.”


 The second Gu was called learning Gu.


 Carefree Wisdom Heart started to learn knowledge, she converted knowledge into things that she truly understood, she was no longer just storing them using memory Gu.


 She started to understand more and more knowledge, soon, a third Gu appeared on her body.


 The third Gu was called talent Gu.


 “I found it, I found it!” One day, Carefree Wisdom Heart shouted with joy, with the help of self will Gu, learning Gu, and talent Gu, she finally found the true meaning of knowledge.


 “Quickly tell us, what does true meaning look like?” Great Strength True Martial was very happy as he asked.


 But Carefree Wisdom Heart shook her head: “The true meaning contained within will be lost if I try to convey it in words.”


 “Then write it out using ink text.” Great Strength True Martial thought about it and suggested.


 But Carefree Wisdom Heart shook her head again: “The meaning can only be understood, it cannot be passed down in text!”


 Ren Zu waved his hand: “Forget it, since you possess true meaning now, let’s head out immediately.”


 Carefree Wisdom Heart was filled with true meaning, they set off from Book Mountain as she scattered ink text on the ground, the path was much wider than before, it was also more sturdy.


 Ren Zu and his children walked on the great path and arrived in Primordial Domain.


 Within Primordial Domain, they met wisdom Gu.


 Wisdom Gu was quite helpless, it had already hidden itself so deeply but Ren Zu still found it, self Gu managed to take a bite out of it in the end.


 ...


 Crazed Demon Cave, eighth layer.


 Center of Green Lotus Great World.


 At the peak of Book Mountain, everyone was present.


 Che Wei took the fifth seat, Qin Ding Ling took the fourth, Fairy Ming Hao took the third, Fairy Yu Xiu took the second, while Fairy Feng Ya took the main seat.


 Fairy Feng Ya’s hair was tied up in a bun, she was old but not wrinkled, she retained her beauty and elegance.


 Her entire body was covered in a thin layer of dazzling light, it was the sign that she possessed talent Gu.


 Currently, she was taking charge of the situation, exerting power in secret to force Primordial Domain to appear at the top of Book Mountain.


 After Thieving Heaven’s space was destroyed, Yu Xiu and Ming Hao brought all of their troops with them as they teleported back to Fairy Feng Ya’s side.


 Fairy Ming Hao sighed: “To think that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had such deep painting path attainment, he easily managed to save Mao Li Qiu.”


 Heavenly Court had indeed wanted to use Mao Li Qiu and the rest to force Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to take action.


 Heavenly Court was clear of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s protective nature towards his descendants and kin.


 But unexpectedly, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable managed to easily save the captives without issue.


 “He is a former Immortal Venerable after all, this is nothing strange.” Qin Ding Ling said: “Furthermore, our side benefited the most from this battle.”


 Fairy Yu Xiu was hesitant: “It is still unclear which side benefited the most. We expanded our advantage while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took back Mao Li Qiu, and Fang Yuan also obtained the remainder of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance. For some reason, I am feeling quite uneasy.”


 Fairy Feng Ya looked at Primordial Domain in the sky as she said: “The situation is clear now, Giant Sun and Fang Yuan will send their troops against us. We will remain here and stay on the defense, as long as we can endure their attacks, we will grasp the key to this battle and return victorious, we will rebuild the glory of Heavenly Court! Everyone, do you have confidence in this?”


 Hearing this, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were riled up with great morale, they answered together.


 “It was all thanks to Lady Feng Ya’s planning that we have such a great advantage now!”


 “We need to defend it at all cost! We cannot lose again.”


 “Even if we sacrifice our lives, there is no regret.”


 “In my opinion, even though there are many enemies, Giant Sun and Fang Yuan will not work together sincerely, they will be guarded against each other.”


 Yellow Earth Great World.


 Lu Wei Yin looked at Fang Yuan and frowned deeply: “Primordial Domain has appeared, Heavenly Court’s wisdom path attainment is truly incredible, we cannot wait any longer. The situation is really terrible.”


 Primordial Domain had already been exposed, but Heavenly Court only managed to get that far, they had not truly obtained it yet.


 Even so, Heavenly Court’s advantage was immense.


 Because Primordial Domain was far more important and crucial than Book Mountain!


 As long as a venerable entered Primordial Domain, they would regain their supreme attainment level and become a Dao Lord again. Whoever entered Primordial Domain first would turn the advantage into victory, they would be the eventual winner of this Crazed Demon Cave battle.


 Not only that, after this, when the venerable who became a Dao Lord went back to the five regions, they would take control of the world’s situation. Thus, they would likely become the winner of the five regions chaotic war, ending up as the new ruler of the world.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court is about to obtain Primordial Domain. We need to attack with full force, if we cannot stop Heavenly Court, we will experience defeat this time.” Lu Wei Yin said with determination.


 Originally, his tactic was to defend first and retaliate later, but now, they had no choice but to go on the offense.


 “How do we use our full strength?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Lu Wei Yin showed a conflicted expression immediately.


 Heavenly Court had a clear wisdom path advantage.


 Ever since the start of the Crazed Demon Cave battle, Heavenly Court had held the initiative and advantage at all times.


 Heavenly Court’s three pseudo venerables cultivated wisdom path, due to their planning and foresight, their advantage was not just maintained, it was even expanded.


 Right now, Heavenly Court even managed to draw out the other core of the ninth layer, Primordial Domain. And more terrifyingly, they did not cause Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliative method to trigger.


 This meant that Heavenly Court had already comprehended a lot of the ninth layer’s profundity, they were able to avoid Limitless’ method from activating.


 All along, Fang Yuan did not see Limitless’ will manifesting, it was likely that it had already been destroyed.


 Lu Wei Yin sighed deeply in admiration: “Back then, Limitless Demon Venerable fought his way to Heavenly Court and forced Star Constellation’s will to play a game of chess with him, they comprehended and deduced together, obtaining all sorts of heaven path research results that were secretly sent into Crazed Demon Cave for the derivation here.”


 “But at the same time, Heavenly Court’s methods also infiltrated Crazed Demon Cave, when Heavenly Court managed to draw out Book Mountain from the ninth layer, I had already felt something amiss. Now that they are about to bring out Primordial Domain, I can see that their wisdom path attainment is truly unmatched.”


 “Now that Heavenly Court has the initiative and territorial advantage, we are all forced to attack them while they only need to defend.”


 “And the worst thing is that we cannot truly use our full strength!”


 Fang Yuan nodded slightly: “That is also my worry. Heavenly Court is skilled in wisdom path, why would they not know that both of our sides are going to attack them desperately? But they still went ahead with this, it means that they are confident in stopping our attacks. And their confidence might likely stem from Crazed Demon Cave.”


 Heavenly Court was able to bring out Book Mountain earlier, they also took out Primordial Domain now without activating Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliation. One reason was their superb wisdom path method, the other was that Heavenly Court’s infiltration of Crazed Demon Cave had lasted for over a million years, they had deep foundations.


 Fang Yuan could clearly not reach that level of understanding, if he used his full strength, he would likely face Limitless’ retaliative method.


 This meant that Heavenly Court was making use of Limitless Demon Venerable!


 “This is the problem with fighting wisdom path experts.” Lu Wei Yin continued frowning, the truth was, he still had a deep worry internally but he could not express it.


 That was Gu Yue Fang Yuan’s strength.


 Fang Yuan was a pseudo venerable indeed with outstanding strength, he was the strongest person in the world before the trip to Crazed Demon Cave.


 But now?


 He was facing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


 The appearance of Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was a huge blow to Lu Wei Yin. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, who had yet to appear, also placed a huge pressure on him internally.


 Could Fang Yuan fight against these two enemies?


 The truth was, Lu Wei Yin had no confidence in him.


 Venerables were invincible!


 This was the truth of the world in the last few million years of human history.


 Because Lu Wei Yin had no confidence, he made the plan earlier to defend first and retaliate later.


 Fang Yuan might be able to defend against a venerable for some time, but only a venerable could defeat a venerable!


 These were Lu Wei Yin’s true thoughts.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan’s subordinates had the same mentality.


 Even if these people idolized and admired him, they were not brazen enough to think that Fang Yuan could defeat a venerable.


 Venerables were invincible!


 Back then, during Primordial Origin’s era, variant humans ruled the world, did they lack pseudo venerable battle strengths?


 They had them, and the numbers were not few.


 But they had never held any hope of defeating a venerable.


 Indeed, Fang Yuan had unfathomable strength and was able to easily defeat other pseudo venerable Gu Immortals. But this was not strange, even though pseudo venerables surpassed the peak of rank eight, among themselves, their difference in strength could still be huge.


 But if Fang Yuan had to fight against a venerable, nobody would think that he could win, they would only think of how long he could last.


 “As long as Fang Yuan lasts until Lord Paradise Earth revives, we will win. But now, Heavenly Court is pressuring us to take action. If we fight now, we might not make it in time for Lord Paradise Earth’s revival!” Lu Wei Yin felt like a stone was weighing down on his heart.


 Fang Yuan looked at the Primordial Domain far away as he said expressionlessly: “The situation is as such, we have to attack forcefully. Let’s follow our agreement with Longevity Heaven earlier and send out our subordinates.”



***
Chapter 2178 - Intense Battle


***





 Chapter 2178: Intense Battle 

 Crazed Demon Cave, eighth layer.


 Primordial Domain’s silhouette remained motionless in the sky, it was getting more vivid and condensed.


 The fusion of Green Lotus Great World, Yellow Earth Great World, and Savage Wilderness Great World was also getting deeper, only a small part of the boundary walls remained to obstruct their connection.


 All of the small worlds had already fused into the three great worlds, Savage Wilderness Great World gained the greatest benefits, they had the most people.


 This was thanks to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s heaven and earth luck method, causing most of the small worlds to fall towards Savage Wilderness Great World.


 Fang Yuan sent out almost all his Gu cultivators, charging towards Heavenly Court’s Book Mountain.


 Longevity Heaven also sent troops with surging might and morale.


 Heavenly Court was already prepared against them, Duan Hu and Nie Kuang Feng led their troops as they defended on both sides.


 “As long as it is not a sage, nobody is my match!” Nie Kuang Feng roared.


 It swept around with a huge fierce wind, the entire battlefield was pressured with wind, creating a great commotion.


 “The enemy is in front of us, we need to work together to obtain victory!” Xiao He Jian looked at Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, the latter nodded with a solemn expression.


 In the earlier battle, these two variant human Gu Immortals had fought against Nie Kuang Feng and lost individually. Not only did many Gu Immortals die, Xiao He Jian and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch were also heavily damaged, they barely survived.


 This time, after recovering their strength entirely, they decided to face Nie Kuang Feng together, putting down their grudges and rivalry.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch waved his hands imposingly as frost qi shot out, shrouding Nie Kuang Feng and slowing its movement, reducing its speed.


 Xiao He Jian shot out green leaf blades that moved from all directions, they had impressive power.


 Nie Kuang Feng whipped up a strong wind, heaven and earth changed colors, the leaves and frost winds were scattered everywhere.


 Immortal killer move — Extreme Ice Crystal Light Immortal Suppression Coffin!


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch gave a roar, his aura got completely concealed, not a single bit leaked out.


 At the next moment, his entire body exploded and spread out into countless frost lights.


 The frost lights shot out with extreme coldness! Everywhere they went, air would freeze into ice crystals before falling to the ground.


 “Hmm?” Nie Kuang Feng was shocked, it tried to dodge but how could it avoid in time?


 It was shot by countless crystal lights, sealed in the mountain-like ice coffin.


 “The thicker the ice, the stronger the amplification of the crystal lights that land on me!” Nie Kuang Feng struggled desperately but could not escape, facing the pressure of death, it went into demonization.


 Crack...


 From the inside, cracks started to appear and spread around the ice coffin.


 “Oh no , I can’t trap it anymore.” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch sensed the threat.


 But at this point, Xiao He Jian’s move was finally prepared.


 Immortal killer move — Cut Grass!


 Xiao He Jian’s palms slashed down like blades, aiming at Nie Kuang Feng, who was stuck inside the ice coffin.


 Immediately, two blades of leaves appeared and fell slowly, stabbing into the cracks between the ice and piercing Nie Kuang Feng’s body.


 Nie Kuang Feng’s body instantly shook.


 Xiao He Jian attacked without stopping, Nie Kuang Feng’s body shook as the green tornado got weaker and thinner, its resistance also started to fall.


 “I am willing to surrender...” Nie Kuang Feng said weakly.


 “Our master has orders, we will not accept anyone’s surrender!” Xiao He Jian replied coldly.


 In the end, Nie Kuang Feng lost its life at the hands of Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian.


 Once Nie Kuang Feng died, the mutant Gu Immortals were left without a leader, many were killed while the rest escaped in desperation.


 Fang Yuan’s army charged forward and reached the base of Book Mountain.


 At the other end, Space Extremity and Desolate Extremity of Longevity Heaven’s Eight Extremities worked together and killed Duan Hu.


 The two armies arrived at the center of Green Lotus Great World.


 Heavenly Court had only obtained Book Mountain recently, they only managed to set up their formation around it.


 This formation was known as four-way star formation, it had four sub-formations in four different directions, defending Book Mountain tightly with no gaps present.


 At the peak of Book Mountain, Fairy Feng Ya continued to use her killer move without stopping, drawing out Primordial Domain, which was in the sky.


 The two armies discussed for a while before attacking the four sub-formations.


 Mao Li Qiu led its group to attack the west formation.


 Gai Mei led a group to attack the north formation.


 Xiao He Jian led a group to attack the east formation.


 Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch led a group to attack the south formation.


 The remaining ones were led by Bing Sai Chuan and Lu Wei Yin, they firmly supported the four vanguard groups.


 The moment Mao Li Qiu entered the formation, countless starlight specks shot down like a torrential rain with countless droplets.


 Mao Li Qiu growled as it expanded and became much larger, its purple fur was smooth and thick, the starlight could not penetrate it.


 It charged around in the sub-formation with other Gu Immortals following it, attacking, killing, and causing destruction.


 “Vile beast, you are here to cause problems again. We will kill you this time!” The star formation shook as two Gu Immortals flew in.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy and Prince Feng Xian.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy turned into an immemorial desolate beast to block Mao Li Qiu. The transformed immemorial desolate beast was superior to the real immemorial desolate beast, Mao Li Qiu was soon suppressed, its energy was expended and its body was hurting.


 Prince Feng Xian activated his fire path killer move, all sorts of birds rained down with flames, killing more than ten mutant Gu Immortals of Savage Wilderness Great World in one move.


 Mao Li Qiu was unable to resist, it had to retreat.


 Elsewhere, Gai Mei went up against Zhou Xiong Xin and Jun Shen Guang.


 Zhou Xiong Xin activated information path killer move and attacked, while Jun Shen Guang turned into a ray of light to support him. They worked together in unison with one as the attacker and one as support.


 Yellow Extremity Jiao Huo used a totem killer move and fought against Zhou Xiong Xin, they were evenly matched.


 But Gai Mei, on the other hand, was shouting loudly, he was running around and dodging Jun Shen Guang’s attacks.


 “Quickly go, quickly go.” Gai Mei grabbed onto Jiao Huo’s shoulder and dragged him away, ignoring the latter’s stare.


 Longevity Heaven’s two groups returned without result, Fang Yuan’s two groups were even worse.


 Xiao He Jian and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch were trapped, they could not even retreat.


 “These two immortals met with Heavenly Court’s Che Wei and Wan Zi Hong, they are in great danger, quickly send help!” The reinforcement letter had already reached Lu Wei Yin.


 Che Wei created weapon path, his methods were getting more mature, his status was only below Qin Ding Ling.


 Wan Zi Hong was originally a demonic immortal of Western Desert, she was recruited by Heavenly Court. During the fate war, she displayed great abilities, and now that her Immortal Gu were fully with her, her battle strength returned to its peak, she was very powerful.


 Bing Sai Chuan and Lu Wei Yin held an emergency meeting: “This four-way star formation is a star path formation, we cannot take it down by force. It is simply too hard with Heavenly Court’s elites guarding all four areas. Lord Fang Yuan was able to destroy the nine-nine consecutive unceasing formation with that thing, I am sure he can deal with this formation too.”


 Bing Sai Chuan was talking about the five regional limit formation.


 Lu Wei Yin nodded and was about to speak when suddenly, a Gu Immortal came out of Yellow Earth Great World.


 This female immortal had snow-white skin, her ears were like rabbit ears, her eyes were blood red, it was Lady White Rabbit.


 Lady White Rabbit had become a genuine rank eight Gu Immortal with Fang Yuan’s help.


 Lu Wei Yin laughed and said to Bing Sai Chuan: “I’ve already asked Lord Fang Yuan for help, I wanted to borrow the five regional limit formation to break the formation using a formation. Lady White Rabbit, thank you for the hard work.”


 Lady White Rabbit smiled: “Of course I need to work hard for master, I’ll even give up my life, this is nothing. But master did not pass me the five regional limit formation, he said that this formation does not have a specific target range, its effect takes too long and won’t be effective. Thus, I brought other methods.”


 Bing Sai Chuan was curious: “Lord Fang Yuan’s methods must be extraordinary, please allow me to have a look.”


 Thus, Lady White Rabbit took out several Immortal Gu Houses from her immortal aperture.


 Rising Cloud City, Profound Frost House, Unbreakable Golden Fortress, Dragon Soul Dark Castle, Red River Pavilion, Red Heavenly Altar, Scarlet Palace!


 A total of seven Immortal Gu Houses which were all at rank eight.


 Bing Sai Chuan was completely dumbstruck.


 “Master said that he could only create these few Immortal Gu Houses in the short period of time. He has already given orders, we will charge with these Immortal Gu Houses as the vanguard.” Lady White Rabbit said.


 It turned out that ever since Fang Yuan entered Crazed Demon Cave and collected a vast amount of immortal materials, he had ordered the time path clone He Chun Qiu to use Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool to refine Immortal Gu.


 After all sorts of rank eight Immortal Gu were created, he started assembling Immortal Gu Houses.


 Fang Yuan did not intend to construct Immortal Gu Houses originally, they were not very useful to him.


 But after entering the eighth layer, he could not fight with his full strength here, he made preparations to arm his subordinates instead.


 He had no time indeed


 These Immortal Gu Houses were all modified on the basis of Cloud City, Dark Flow Giant City, Profound Ice House, Unbreakable Iron Fortress, Blood River Chariot, Nightmare Castle, Green Wave Pavilion, Weaving Cocoon Manor, Golden Altar and other Immortal Gu Houses.


 Strictly speaking, these were considered only partial innovations.


 But against Heavenly Court, even with three wisdom path pseudo venerables, they could not easily decipher and break them, they needed to spend time on deductions.


 That was enough!


 Lu Wei Yin became very happy, he distributed the Immortal Gu Houses and charged through into the formation, saving Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch and Xiao He Jian.


 Afterwards, the seven rank eight Immortal Gu Houses swept through the battlefield, breaking two more sub-formations.


 The two groups gathered towards Book Mountain.


 At the peak of Book Mountain, Fairy Feng Ya’s eyes were shut as she used her method. Ming Hao and Yu Xiu were taking charge of the situation.


 Seeing so many Immortal Gu Houses, Fairy Yu Xiu had a grim expression: “Fang Yuan is so rich and has terrifying refinement path methods. It seems he intends to progress in refinement path!”


 “Thankfully, his wisdom path is inferior to us, these Immortal Gu Houses are all not new, they have an origin that we can trace.” Fairy Ming Hao said as she used her killer move.


 Human path killer move — Humble Reciprocation!


 Book Mountain shook as countless killer moves were unleashed like fireworks.


 In the sky, Primordial Domain surfaced with rumbling tribulation clouds, calamities and tribulations were unceasing.


 On the battlefield, countless killer moves filled the vision, surging like sea waves that crashed down in all directions.


 Against such an endless tide of killer moves, Fang Yuan’s subordinates hid inside the Immortal Gu Houses, moving against the waves.


 Longevity Heaven had many Gu Immortals but they could not all enter Calamity Luck Altar.


 Thus, Bing Sai Chuan took out five Immortal Gu Houses.


 Wide Building Harem Palace, Internal Delight Harem Palace, Red Bean Harem Palace, Lovesick Harem Palace, Young Peach Harem Palace.


 They were the five palaces that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable placed in the five regions when he was alive, they were all rank eight.


 The foundation of an Immortal Venerable was displayed in full view!


 “My lifetime accumulation cannot even rival Fang Yuan, he seems to have an overflowing number of rank eight Immortal Gu. Is he trying to become venerable through refinement path?” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun looked at the battlefield as he thought.


 Fang Yuan was observing the battlefield as well while comprehending Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance.


 This Thieving Heaven true inheritance contained imitation Gu and the killer move perfect pair originally, but Fang Yuan only obtained the rest.


 But this remaining portion was very important to Fang Yuan.


 The true inheritance content was about refinement path, it talked about how Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created a fake Qian Kun Crystal Wall in his time, how he created fake Immortal Gu and so on.


 “Other than the four aspects of refinement path that I summarized earlier, there is also this aspect!”


 “Refining fake Gu...”


 “Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable left this true inheritance to me with deep intentions.”



***
Chapter 2179 - Battle of Book Mountain


***





 Chapter 2179: Battle of Book Mountain 

 Book Mountain was surrounded in the two colors of black and white, Gu Immortals fought intensely as they could be seen everywhere.


 Immortal killer move — Great Qi Cloud Explosion!


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue stretched out his finger and pointed consecutively.


 Instantly, the air in front of him surged and gathered into a lump.


 Several hundred white qi comets shot out at once, blocking the attacks of Book Mountain.


 Fairy Ming Hao had been using Book Mountain to unleash the killer move humble reciprocation. Relying on this terrifying move, she was able to suppress the forces of Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven.


 These killer moves were all recorded in Book Mountain, there were a variety of them, this was a human path killer move in essence but the released attacks had the power of their original paths.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue faced offense with offense, after destroying the current wave of attacks, he sighed and retreated.


 After he was saved by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he did not interact with Longevity Heaven or Fang Yuan, he moved on his own and quickly learned about the current situation.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue also did not want to see Heavenly Court obtain Primordial Domain.


 He wanted to enter Primordial Domain, in fact, to raise his qi path attainment level to supreme grandmaster, how could he allow others to snatch it first?


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was alone and could not take down Heavenly Court. But with Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven working against the colossal force, he would not be Demon Immortal Qi Jue if he did not make use of this opportunity.


 “To think that attacking Book Mountain is so dangerous, I can’t even reach the middle of the mountain.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue frowned.


 When he was suppressed by Divine Emperor City, he lost many of his qi path dao marks. Furthermore, the secluded domain of heaven and earth that he relied on, Xi Land, had only about thirty percent left after the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan.


 Bubble bubble...


 As if a tsunami had struck, another wave of attacks swept down from the top of the mountain like a waterfall.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue had no choice but to retreat again.


 “Charge, charge up!” A rank eight Immortal Gu House went past him, completely ignoring Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 That was the rank eight Immortal Gu House that Fang Yuan created, Unbreakable Golden Fortress.


 The Gu Immortals in the Unbreakable Golden Fortress saw Demon Immortal Qi Jue but did not pay any attention to him. When Demon Immortal Qi Jue first appeared, he was quite the hot topic, but seeing that he had attacked Book Mountain too, Fang Yuan’s subordinates also learned of Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s stance.


 Seeing Unbreakable Golden Fortress charge up and resisting the endless wave of killer moves, Demon Immortal Qi Jue could not help but show some envy in his eyes.


 In this battle, Immortal Gu Houses were simply too important.


 They provided the Gu Immortals strong defense, otherwise, as just a single person, how could he advance while resisting endless tribulations and killer moves?


 Unbreakable Golden Fortress reached the middle of the mountain, in the fireworks of killer moves around it, there was a bloody shadow that flashed by.


 At the next moment, the huge bloody shadow arrived, showing itself.


 This was a huge red tombstone with text characters moving around it, it had a dense aura of blood path, this was Demon Judgment Board!


 “Don’t think of moving further!” Within Demon Judgment Board, Gu Yue Fang Zheng spoke.


 Bam.


 With a loud sound, the two Immortal Gu Houses crashed into each other.


 Unbreakable Golden Fortress’ advancement was forcefully halted.


 Demon Judgment Board shot out blood red light that resembled a beam, it hit Unbreakable Golden Fortress.


 Unbreakable Golden Fortress raised its defense and blocked the blood red light, but it was still forced down from the middle of the mountain by an unstoppable force.


 Even though Unbreakable Golden Fortress was a rank eight Immortal Gu House, it was still far from Demon Judgment Board, which was a peak creation.


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng breathed roughly.


 Heavenly Court had few Immortal Gu Houses.


 Even including Divine Emperor City, Heaven Overseeing Tower, and Divine Emperor City, they only had six.


 Right now, these six Immortal Gu Houses were used to defend themselves, dealing with the Immortal Gu Houses that attacked them.


 Over on Longevity Heaven’s end, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace did not move out, but Calamity Luck Altar and the five Harem Palaces totaled to six, they were equally numbered with Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu Houses.


 While Fang Yuan suddenly brought out seven Immortal Gu Houses!


 This was out of their expectations.


 They had originally thought that Fang Yuan would reconstruct Dragon Palace or Myriad Year Flying Warship, but to think that he would start over and bring out seven Immortal Gu Houses like Unbreakable Golden Fortress.


 So be it if he made new ones, but these Immortal Gu Houses were all rank eight.


 Seven rank eight Immortal Gu Houses gave Heavenly Court an immense pressure in guarding themselves.


 Heavenly Court only had around half the Immortal Gu Houses of their enemies, while Longevity Heaven’s Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace and Fang Yuan’s Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress had yet to join the battle, this made the hearts of Heavenly Court Gu Immortals sink.


 Under Fang Zheng’s control, Demon Judgment Board went around to force back the invading Immortal Gu Houses, attempting to maintain their defensive circle.


 “The enemies are very strong, we can maintain the situation now with Divine Emperor City, Heaven Overseeing Tower, and myself as support. But if this goes on, we will not last long.”


 Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s expression was pale, he understood this internally.


 He felt like he was reaching his limit already.


 The intensity of the battle was too high.


 Demon Judgment Board not only had to go around to fight against the many Immortal Gu Houses, it also had to resist the bombardment of killer moves and tribulations.


 The expenditure of immortal essence was shocking even for Fang Zheng.


 Demon Judgment Board’s damage level was also increasingly severe. Back then in Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space, Demon Judgment Board had already been heavily hit by Fang Yuan, it had already been repaired earlier. Now, its current damage was newly created.


 If Fang Zheng was alone, he might have already lost control of the situation. Thankfully, Demon Judgment Board had the wills of the previous Demon Judgment Board Lords, these wills were helping him to rapidly repair the Immortal Gu House.


 “Since when did our Heavenly Court’s foundation lose to others?” At the peak of Book Mountain, Fairy Ming Hao maintained the killer move humble reciprocation while sighing to herself.


 In Heavenly Court’s case, the situation was quite bad. Even though Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals fought desperately to defend themselves, the defensive line was already wavering, the Immortal Gu Houses might break through at any moment and arrive at the peak.


 At the peak of Book Mountain, Fairy Feng Ya was still using her full strength to use the killer move and try to obtain Primordial Domain, she could not be interrupted.


 Fairy Ming Hao and Yu Xiu looked at each other, the latter waved her hand: “Go.”


 A tiger roar and crane cry resounded in the battlefield.


 Two legendary immemorial beasts, Shabi Ninety-five and Ruan Dan, charged down the mountain.


 Even though Heavenly Court did not have any more Immortal Gu Houses, they had two legendary immemorial desolate beasts. Immemorial desolate beasts had tough bodies, legendary immemorial desolate beasts were even tougher.


 Shabi Ninety-five and Ruan Dan charged towards Rising Cloud City from the left and right, ignoring all the killer moves and tribulations above them.


 Rising Cloud City was controlled by Fairy Miao Yin, she was about to charge into the battlefield when two legendary immemorial beasts pincer attacked her.


 Fairy Miao Yin quickly used her killer move, Rising Cloud City spewed out endless cloud qi to push the Immortal Gu House upwards rapidly.


 But Ruan Dan flapped its wings and flew above Rising Cloud City, activating a killer move and slashing with the crane leg, shattering the roof of Rising Cloud City and destroying countless mortal Gu.


 Bam.


 At the next moment, Shabi Ninety-five charged fiercely and knocked Rising Cloud City over, causing it to roll down the mountain.


 Fairy Miao Yin’s figure staggered, she wanted to control Rising Cloud City to ascend again but it did not respond to her, her immortal essence was instilled without getting any response.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was to the left, upon seeing this, he immediately flew over.


 He gave a cry, Xi Land’s silhouette appeared above his head.


 Immortal killer move — Xi Xi!


 Xi Land erupted with immense attraction force, absorbing the qi ring around the surface of Rising Cloud City into Xi Land.


 After getting released, Rising Cloud City immediately regained freedom.


 “Thanks!” Fairy Miao Yin thanked and was about to move the Immortal Gu House back into the battlefield when she suddenly heard Fang Yuan’s orders.


 Fairy Miao Yin was stunned.


 But she reacted quickly and brought the other Gu Immortals out of Rising Cloud City.


 “Lord Qi Jue, my master ordered me to gift this Rising Cloud City to you!” Fairy Miao Yin said.


 “What?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue was stunned before laughing heartily: “Fang Yuan is truly generous, I will receive it with thanks.”


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not stand on ceremony, he entered Rising Cloud City, it flew up and attacked the mountain again.


 At the middle of the mountain, Shabi Ninety-five and Ruan Dan worked together and pushed down Dragon Soul Dark Castle.


 Lady White Rabbit led the immortals inside Dragon Soul Dark Castle, she did not charge anymore, instead, returning to the base of the mountain to join up with Fairy Miao Yin.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue finally reached the middle of the mountain, he saw Shabi Ninety-five and his eyes lit up: “Good beast, I lack a steed myself.”


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue kept Rising Cloud City and only attacked Shabi Ninety-five.


 The two fought for a few rounds, Shabi Ninety-five soon fell into a disadvantage, it started requesting for help.


 This legendary immemorial beast cultivated qi path, it was completely countered by Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 “Don’t fear, I am here!” Ruan Dan came over to help, it spat out a bright red pill.


 “What path is this?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue sensed the mysterious aura of the pill, he did not dare to be careless, he brought out Rising Cloud City and went inside.


 Boom!


 The pill landed on Rising Cloud City and self-detonated, the intense shock wave spread out everywhere, a corner of Rising Cloud City was destroyed in the process.


 Even though pill path was not specialized in offense, it was still a new path that Rising Cloud City could not guard against.


 “Hahaha, Ninety-five, you owe me a favor!” Ruan Dan laughed proudly.


 Shabi Ninety-five pouted and was about to answer when its expression suddenly changed: “Be careful!”


 Ruan Dan’s heart shook as it quickly jumped.


 But the mysterious enemy was even faster.


 “Can you escape?” Hearing the voice, Ruan Dan felt like its long neck was grabbed by a tiny hand.


 Compared to its mountain-like body, the normal human-sized hand was definitely tiny.


 But Ruan Dan felt a shudder when this hand touched its neck, it screamed in a shrill voice.


 Because it twisted its neck and saw a young man wearing a red cape, standing on its back.


 It was none other than Fang Yuan’s transformation path clone, Zhan Bu Du!


 At this moment, he had already used incomplete freedom transformation killer move, his battle strength rose to pseudo venerable level.


 “Wait.” Ruan Dan screamed, but Zhan Bu Du snickered and exerted strength.


 At the next moment.


 Boom!


 An intense explosion resounded like thunder.


 Book Mountain shook, black and white rocks were sent flying.


 At the next moment, a huge pit appeared on the ground.


 Ruan Dan was beaten unconscious by Zhan Bu Du, its body was motionlessly embedded into Book Mountain, its mouth opened as blood flowed out.


 But soon, a bright light flashed on Ruan Dan’s body.


 Its injuries healed quickly, it regained its consciousness.


 “Thankfully, I have my killer move, life-saving recovery pill!” Ruan Dan woke up and wanted to struggle.


 But Zhan Bu Du’s fist was already raised.


 Bam bam bam...


 With a series of punches, Zhan Bu Du slammed down on Ruan Dan’s head each time, causing the whole of Book Mountain to shake. Only until he smashed Ruan Dan’s skull completely and brain matter flowed out did he stop attacking.



***
Chapter 2180 - Qi Sea Versus Yu Xiu


***





 Chapter 2180: Qi Sea Versus Yu Xiu 

 Against Zhan Bu Du, the great legendary immemorial beast Ruan Dan was completely unable to put up a fight.


 But at the next moment, a bright light flashed on Ruan Dan’s corpse again.


 Immortal killer move — Life-Saving Recovery Pill!


 With the effect of the killer move, Ruan Dan’s smashed skull started to heal, it was soon revived.


 “Pill path...” Zhan Bu Du also showed a look of surprise.


 Ruan Dan’s healing killer move was formidable, it could actually revive it from that state.


 Even with Zhan Bu Du’s pseudo venerable battle strength, he could not easily get around it. After all, even the main body did not understand pill path.


 “Since I cannot unravel it, so be it, I want to see how many times you can revive!” Zhan Bu Du showed a ruthless expression.


 Boom boom boom.


 He punched time and again, each punch landed heavily on Ruan Dan, killing it on the spot.


 The poor Ruan Dan had just revived and did not react in time before its skull was smashed again.


 Immortal killer move — Life-saving Recovery Pill.


 A few breaths of time later, the recovery method activated again.


 But this time, the killer move’s shining light became much dimmer.


 “Persevere, Ruan Dan, I will save you!” Shabi Ninety-five shouted, rushing from another area to help out.


 Even though it constantly argued with Ruan Dan normally, the two of them had a close friendship. Especially after major battles like the fate war, their camaraderie had already improved greatly.


 Even if this was Zhan Bu Du, Shabi Ninety-five did not care about anything else, it wanted to save its friend.


 “Hmph, trying to leave? Do you think I am not here?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue shouted in anger as he used a killer move that landed on Shabi Ninety-five’s back.


 Shabi Ninety-five suffered a heavy blow, it growled in pain and fell from the sky.


 Seeing that Ruan Dan died at Zhan Bu Du’s hands again, at the peak of Book Mountain, Fairy Ming Hao’s frown became deeper.


 Zhan Bu Du was an opponent that gave the three fairies, Feng Ya, Ming Hao, and Yu Xiu a huge headache.


 He had terrifying strength and overwhelming defense, together with the abilities of internal breathing green fish transformation, devouring blue leopard transformation, and thunder rush yellow bird transformation, Zhan Bu Du had no weaknesses at all, the three immortals did not know how to deal with him.


 If this were a normal battle, the three immortals could rapidly move and attack him from a distance, restraining and weakening him.


 But now, Heavenly Court had to defend Book Mountain.


 This was a defensive battle.


 And the worst nightmare for a defensive battle was someone like Zhan Bu Du. If he managed to charge unhindered and went beyond the defensive line, it would be trouble.


 But the three immortals had discussed it already, they had a plan against Zhan Bu Du.


 Immediately, Fairy Ming Hao willed and transmitted some words to Genesis Lotus’ will inside Divine Emperor City.


 At the next moment, a jade light spiral appeared on the surface of Divine Emperor City.


 From within the spiral, a giant flew out from the center.


 The giant wore golden green armor, its left hand held a shield, its right hand held a spear, it was bursting with vitality and life force, its aura was immense.


 The giant recited —


 A hundred thousand years of unending hatred,


 Killing the enemy with a shattered body.


 Awakening once more in Divine Emperor City,


 Qing Chou exists under the karma divine tree.


 It was the legendary immemorial desolate beast — Qing Chou.


 During the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, Qing Chou killed Spectral Soul, but it was also completely blown to bits by Spectral Soul’s self-detonation, reduced to countless pieces of flesh.


 Divine Emperor City retrieved these pieces of flesh and revived Qing Chou again.


 The current Qing Chou was no longer in its initial form of turtle shell, tiger claws, dragon tail, snake neck, bat wings, and human head. It was now a completely armored and equipped warrior.


 Qing Chou arrived before Zhan Bu Du and its towering body slammed down like a mountain, its spear pierced the air as winds blew intensely, as if a giant dragon had struck.


 “Come!” Zhan Bu Du did not retreat but moved ahead, his figure flashed and appeared at Qing Chou’s forehead immediately.


 Zhan Bu Du punched fiercely, hitting Qing Chou’s helmet.


 With an intense sound, a huge force caused Qing Chou to move backwards, its colossal body landed on the middle section of the mountain, causing Book Mountain and its surroundings to tremor.


 Zhan Bu Du flew down and rained a flurry of fists, the attacks were intense and unceasing.


 If Qing Chou let the punches land without obstruction, it would end up like Ruan Dan.


 At the crucial moment, a giant tree formed above Qing Chou’s head, absorbing the force of Zhan Bu Du’s punches.


 Immortal killer move — Karma Divine Tree!


 At the next moment, the divine tree shook as countless fists shot out from between the leaves.


 It was Zhan Bu Du’s earlier wave of attacks.


 This move had once caused trouble to Spectral Soul, Zhan Bu Du also felt troubled, he was forced back by the fists.


 Qing Chou took the chance to stand up as Zhan Bu Du floated in the air, resisting Fairy Ming Hao’s humble reciprocation killer move while regaining his footing.


 Qing Chou roared and took large strides forward, it arrived before Zhan Bu Du with two steps, waving its long spear to attack him.


 Rumble!


 Two figures continued to fight intensely, they exchanged blows and caused the entire place to tremor, their offenses caused a huge commotion.


 “I get it now, so this was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s objective. Qing Chou has been completely subdued by Divine Emperor City, it is now the general of the divine bean soldiers. This is the strongest divine bean soldier!” Zhan Bu Du had a realization.


 A few rounds later, he gained the upper hand again.


 Qing Chou was not an ordinary legendary immemorial beast, but Zhan Bu Du was currently using incomplete freedom transformation!


 He had genuine pseudo venerable battle strength, Qing Chou could not win.


 Heavenly Court also did not expect a win, they only wanted to stall for time.


 It was like how Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable invited Fang Yuan in order to stall for time as well.


 As long as time passed and Heavenly Court obtained Primordial Domain, their advantage would be expanded, they would be able to claim victory!


 Immortal killer move — Unlimited Qi Sea.


 A figure suddenly appeared, carrying with him an endless sea of qi that surged together, shrouding the rays of the sun.


 It was Qi Sea Ancestor!


 Seeing that Zhan Bu Du was obstructed, Qi Sea Ancestor immediately chose another direction to attack the mountain.


 At the peak of the mountain, Fairy Yu Xiu sighed as she was forced to take action, she left the mountain and fought against Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Qi Sea versus Yu Xiu!


 One was a qi path pseudo venerable, the other was a wisdom path pseudo venerable.


 The former attacked fiercely, wanting to devastate Heavenly Court, but the latter was resolved to defend this base even at the cost of her life.


 Qi Sea Ancestor attacked grandly with incredible attacks, qi tides swept the area, accompanied by pillars of white qi that shot out at times.


 Fairy Yu Xiu however, was graceful and elegant, she moved agilely and dodged the endless wave of attacks while activating all sorts of wisdom path killer moves.


 She had an exceptional combat system which used her attainment level to suppress others, it was extraordinary and even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun would be affected by this move.


 But her enemy was Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Qi Sea Ancestor was the clone of Fang Yuan, he shared attainment levels with the main body!


 Fairy Yu Xiu tried many times with no success, for Fang Yuan, it was not hard to resist her attacks.


 Fang Yuan was a master in dream path, space path, metal path, wind path, cloud path, lightning path, information path, light path, and sound path.


 He was a grandmaster in blood path, strength path, star path, dark path, formation path, soul path, sword path, human path, wood path, food path, phantom path, luck path, ice and snow path.


 He was a great grandmaster in theft path, transformation path, rule path, qi path, fire path, wisdom path, water path, earth path, poison path.


 He was even a quasi-supreme grandmaster in refinement path, time path, and enslavement path!


 With such attainment levels, how could Fairy Yu Xiu suppress him?


 Fairy Yu Xiu had no choice, she had to use other methods against Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Fairy Yu Xiu was unable to display the power of her combat system, but thankfully, she was familiar with Qi Sea Ancestor’s methods.


 Even though Qi Sea Ancestor had Primordial Origin’s true inheritance, he obviously could not use those killer moves against Heavenly Court. As for other killer moves like heavenly astral cloth robe, yin-yang great killer hands, unlimited qi sea, and others, they were all used many times and were known to everyone.


 “Let me help you!” Lu Wei Yin flew over, assisting Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Fairy Yu Xiu used her strongest killer move to suppress Lu Wei Yin through attainment levels, effectively weakening him.


 But Qi Sea Ancestor gained a greater advantage with his help, managing to approach Book Mountain.


 At this time, Calamity Luck Altar burst out with a golden light.


 The golden light surrounded Book Mountain and spread around the battlefield like vines. Wherever the golden light went, tribulations would transform and target the peak of Book Mountain instead.


 And Book Mountain was also shaking intensely from the infiltration of the golden light.


 Fairy Ming Hao’s body shook unsteadily, her face turned pale as her pupils shrank: “This must be Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s doing! To think that he managed to counter humble reciprocation after it was only used for a second time!”


 She gritted her teeth, even though she was unwilling, she had no choice but to withdraw humble reciprocation killer move.


 If it continued, she would lose her life.


 Earlier, when Fang Yuan and Lu Wei Yin first entered Yellow Earth Great World and led their army to attack Book Mountain, Fairy Ming Hao had stopped them using humble reciprocation.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was exceptionally talented, he thought of a way to counter this move in such a short time and successfully dealt with it now.


 Without the endless tribulations obstructing them, Longevity Heaven’s immortals had a clear path now, many of them cheered loudly in the Immortal Gu Houses as they attacked from all directions.


 Fairy Ming Hao gritted her teeth, Fairy Feng Ya could not take action against them now, while Fairy Yu Xiu was fighting outside, in this situation, they had to rely on her.


 Immortal killer move — People’s United Hearts.


 Immortal killer move — Hope of the People.


 Immortal killer move — Heroes Among People.


 The scene during the fate war was displayed again.


 Light spread out towards the Heavenly Court immortals, causing their strength to rise sharply!


 But this was not enough.


 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu Houses were just too few in quantity.


 “Then awaken.”


 “Friends from Heavenly Court, our comrades!”


 “The people of the five regions and two heavens need you, Heavenly Court needs you now!!”


 Fairy Ming Hao shouted loudly.


 From the northwest direction of Book Mountain, an immortal graveyard radiated with countless rays of bright light.


 From the light, two figures walked out.


 One was an old man with a benevolent countenance, his brows were particularly peculiar, they were like two exquisite dark brown roots that extended down from his forehead to his chest.


 The other was a middle-aged man with a very robust physique, his face and muscles seemed to be made from brass as they let out cold metallic luster.


 “I heard the call.” The old Gu Immortal, Duke Mei, squinted and said.


 “Where are the enemies?” The middle aged Gu Immortal Duke Tong looked beyond a vast distance, locking his eyes on Calamity Luck Altar.



***
Chapter 2181 - Duke Mei, Duke Tong


***





 Chapter 2181: Duke Mei, Duke Tong


 Crucial information regarding the battle entered the minds of Duke Mei and Duke Tong.


 At the moment when they saw the battlefield themselves, they also learned of the current situation.


 Duke Mei sighed: “Duke Long...”


 Back then, when he first saw Duke Long, the latter still had black hair and was a youngster.


 The moment Duke Long joined Heavenly Court, he met with Duke Mei.


 Even though Duke Mei was a senior, he quickly greeted in return: “Friend, you are a Dao Guardian, the happiness of all living beings is resting on your shoulders.”


 Duke Long replied solemnly: “I will do my best for the world, even if I have to sacrifice my life, there is no regret!”


 Time passed, when Duke Mei reawakened in the five regions, Duke Long had already died ahead of him.


 “Duke Long, you died a good death, throughout your life, you did not turn on the promise you made from the start.” Duke Mei said with deep emotions, before flying forward: “And now, it is our turn.”


 Within Calamity Luck Altar, Bing Sai Chuan’s eyes shined with bright light: “The immortal graveyard... so it was nearby all along, Heavenly Court has brilliant methods after all, we could not find it even with repeated investigations.”


 Be it Longevity Heaven or Fang Yuan, they had already confirmed the information of the immortal graveyard. They had expected Gu Immortals to awaken during this battle.


 “Quickly look, Fang Yuan’s side is making a new action!” One of the Eight Extremities shouted.


 Bing Sai Chuan quickly shifted his gaze, he saw that four Immortal Gu Houses, Profound Frost House, Dragon Soul Dark Castle, Red River Pavilion, and Red Heavenly Altar, had changed locations, flying down the mountain.


 Bing Sai Chuan could not help but feel shocked: “It seems that Fang Yuan has a plan already, but mobilizing four Immortal Gu Houses at once, isn’t that too much?”


 Fang Yuan had a total of seven Immortal Gu Houses, now that Rising Cloud City was given to Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and after moving four Immortal Gu Houses away, there was only Unbreakable Golden Fortress and Scarlet Palace left on the mountain.


 Currently, the most important thing was to reach the peak of Book Mountain and ruin Heavenly Court’s killer move so that they could not obtain Primordial Domain.


 Right now, Fang Yuan diverted his forces to attack the Gu Immortals of the immortal graveyard, he was putting his emphasis on the wrong target.


 But at the next moment, the four diverted Immortal Gu Houses split up.


 Profound Frost House and Red River Pavilion went to help Zhan Bu Du in fighting Qing Chou.


 Dragon Soul Dark Castle and Red Heavenly Altar charged towards Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard.


 Bing Sai Chuan realized at once, he yelled in his mind: “So Fang Yuan is trying to free up Zhan Bu Du!”


 Zhan Bu Du had incomplete freedom transformation, he was powerful and unstoppable, he was the crucial battle strength for Fang Yuan’s side to ascend the mountain.


 Even though Fairy Ming Hao’s humble reciprocation killer move was broken now, there were three pseudo venerables at the top of the mountain, if ordinary rank eight Immortal Gu Houses charged to the top, they would be suppressed by the three.


 Divine Emperor City was at the middle section of the mountain, it was a tough hurdle too.


 It had the killer move ‘broken homes and dead family’, that was the biggest counter to Immortal Gu Houses.


 Thus, letting Zhan Bu Du take the lead was the wisest decision.


 Dragon Soul Dark Castle and Red Heavenly Altar flew rapidly, soon arriving before Duke Mei and Duke Tong.


 Duke Mei took in a deep breath, he straightened both arms and aimed at the two Immortal Gu Houses.


 Vines suddenly appeared around Dragon Soul Dark Castle and Red Heavenly Altar, these vines were dry and tough, they bound the two Immortal Gu Houses tightly.


 “Oh no, the immortal essence storages in the Immortal Gu Houses are being absorbed by the vines!” Fang Yuan’s subordinate Gu Immortals realized this and shouted in anger.


 The two Immortal Gu Houses started to counterattack.


 The surface of Red Heavenly Altar radiated bright red light, melting all of the dried vines around it.


 Dragon roars could be heard from Dragon Soul Dark Castle, the vines around it were snapped and sent flying.


 But with this amount of time, Duke Tong’s killer move was already prepared.


 Two different sized bronze rings formed instantly and attached themselves to the two Immortal Gu Houses and spinning rapidly, buzzing loudly.


 The bronze rings were flying too quickly, they seemed like vague shadows that immobilized the Immortal Gu Houses that they were surrounding.


 Heavenly Court had learned from their lesson. During the fate war, because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s method, Longevity Heaven managed to directly enter Heavenly Court, catching them off guard. In that battle, even though Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals awakened, because they lacked Immortal Gu, they did not display their true battle strength.


 But now, Heavenly Court prepared the Immortal Gu of their hibernating Gu Immortals in advance.


 Thus, Duke Mei and Duke Tong were able to immediately act and restrain the two Immortal Gu Houses.


 But good times did not last, suddenly, a dragon soul appeared from within Dragon Soul Dark Castle, the dragon soul made several attempts before managing to destroy the bronze ring.


 Next, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit flew out of their Immortal Gu House, attacking Duke Mei and Duke Tong.


 Fairy Miao Yin activated wondrous hand profound sound, her eight arms stretched out elegantly.


 Lady White Rabbit had lumps of light surrounding her, her aura surged intensely.


 The two immortals charged forward, Duke Mei was the first to block them, after a few rounds, Lady White Rabbit noticed a weakness and got around Duke Mei to attack Duke Tong.


 Duke Tong was interrupted, he had to cancel his bronze ring killer move and fight White Rabbit instead.


 The four immortals clashed and parted continuously, nobody could interrupt their battle.


 Duke Mei and Duke Tong had rank eight cultivation level and their battle strength was on par with Qin Ding Ling, but they did not have pseudo venerable battle strength like Duke Long.


 Dragon Soul Dark Castle and Red Heavenly Altar regained freedom, they charged at the immortal graveyard, trying to destroy it!


 Rumble!


 These two Immortal Gu Houses had just charged forward when a Gu Immortal repelled them.


 This Gu Immortal had a calm expression, his nose was tall and his eyes were deep, his shoulders were lifted up as they held up one mini mountain each.


 “With me, Uncle Feng, here, don’t even think of destroying the immortal graveyard.” Uncle Feng blocked the path of the two Immortal Gu Houses, he had the demeanor of a person trying to stop an army.


 Fang Yuan’s subordinates were not ready to give up, they controlled the Immortal Gu Houses to attack.


 But Uncle Feng fought similarly to Lu Wei Yin, they were specialized in defense, even with the attack of the two Immortal Gu Houses, he still held them off.


 “What do we do now?” A Gu Immortal in Red Heavenly Altar asked.


 Currently, Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit were fighting against Duke Mei and Duke Tong, the mission of destroying the immortal graveyard was in the hands of these two Immortal Gu Houses.


 “No worries, he has already been hit by our method.” The immortals in Dragon Soul Dark Castle snickered.


 Guh.


 As he said that, Uncle Feng’s expression turned ashen, he spat out pieces of soul fragments.


 “A soul path method?” Uncle Feng frowned.


 In his era, there was no soul path.


 Right at this moment, a newly awakened Gu Immortal flew out of the immortal graveyard.


 “It seems like my awakening was timely.” This female immortal was just a soul, she had no body.


 She blew at Uncle Feng lightly.


 This blue-gray breath reached Uncle Feng’s body and quickly fused into his soul.


 Uncle Feng felt a sense of relief, his soul injury was rapidly healing.


 “Oh no, this is Heavenly Court’s soul path great expert from Spectral Soul’s era, Fairy Maiden Soul who is on par with Thunder Ghost True Monarch. She is most skilled at healing methods!” The Gu Immortals in Dragon Soul Dark Castle had a change of expression.


 The ones in Red Heavenly Altar gritted their teeth: “Kill this healing Gu Immortal first, otherwise, all our efforts will be nullified by her.”


 The battle erupted again, the two Immortal Gu Houses focused their target on Fairy Maiden Soul.


 All sorts of killer moves were unleashed, Uncle Feng defended desperately, both sides gave it their all as the sky turned dark from their clash, winds and waves were rising.


 While they were in a deadlock, another immortal awakened and joined the battle.


 This immortal had a round head and large ears, he wore a loose robe and qi path aura surged around him.


 Boom boom boom!


 As the air exploded, the qi path immortal charged in between the two Immortal Gu Houses.


 “Take this move — Rugged Fiendish Qi.”


 The qi path immortal shouted as he waved his sleeves, blowing out countless traces of fiendish qi.


 The fiendish qi gathered and took form, becoming huge rocks that turned into mountains and valleys, enveloping the two Immortal Gu Houses.


 Red Heavenly Altar and Dragon Soul Dark Castle tried to charge out at the first moment, destroying countless fiendish qi mountains.


 But after these mountains shattered, they quickly formed again to obstruct the Immortal Gu Houses.


 “This is... Senior Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch!” Uncle Feng and Fairy Maiden Soul were surprised.


 Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch was a famous qi path expert renowned in history, after he became rank eight and traveled the world, he purposely looked for the fiendish qi sea springs and created the Shabi from them. He refined a total of ninety-nine Shabi, he formed a grand army with them. These Shabi were compatible with his immortal killer moves, he could use them extremely well, during that era, almost nobody could rival him.


 The current Shabi Ninety-five was one of them, after a long period of time, its strength had risen to legendary immemorial beast level.


 With the help of Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch, Heavenly Court managed to defend the immortal graveyard.


 Thereafter, more and more Gu Immortals awakened, Heavenly Court survived the initial stage which was the most dangerous, they started counterattacking.


 Many Gu Immortals directly got around the small battlefield and tried to reinforce Book Mountain.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable! Are you there? Come out and meet me!” Golden Hooped Great Immortal shouted in deep anger.


 He had once invited Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to tour Heavenly Court, during that time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable planted a seed that erupted during the fate war, causing Longevity Heaven to arrive in Heavenly Court and cause huge losses to them.


 “Ninety-five, come here.” Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch blocked Demon Immortal Qi Jue and beckoned Shabi Ninety-five.


 “Master.” Shabi Ninety-five was filled with admiration and fear, it went to Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch with injuries all over the body.


 Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch petted it lightly, Shabi Ninety-five instantly became revitalized, its injuries mostly healed.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue had a dark expression, with the appearance of Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch, his plan of capturing Shabi Ninety-five became hopeless.


 “Stop him!” Right at this moment, Fairy Ming Hao shouted.


 Zhan Bu Du moved like a raging dragon, he arrived at the middle of the mountain from the southeast direction.


 Behind him, Qing Chou was chasing relentlessly but it was obstructed by Profound Frost House and Red River Pavilion, it could not move quickly enough to stop Zhan Bu Du.


 Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch took in a deep breath: “You are one of the clones of the current generation demon, Fang Yuan? Let me have a taste of your power.”


 Right when he was about to go, Demon Immortal Qi Jue blocked him.


 The latter chuckled: “You think you can leave?”


 Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch had a solemn expression: “Since senior insists, then I, the junior, will have to risk my life to face you in battle.”


 “Where are you going?” Gu Yue Fang Zheng shouted loudly.


 Demon Judgment Board which was flying around the place quickly arrived, but with a loud sound, it was sent flying by the Unbreakable Golden Fortress that had just arrived as well.


 “Help Zhan Bu Du to fight his way to the peak of the mountain.” The other immortals saw a chance, they took action and blocked the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals for Zhan Bu Du.


 Fairy Ming Hao saw this and sighed deeply, she had no choice but to fly out and stand in front of Zhan Bu Du: “Wait...”


 “Get lost!”


 Zhan Bu Du shouted, sweeping his arm fiercely.


 Boom!


 Fairy Ming Hao’s body was covered in dazzling starlight, even though she blocked this move, her entire person was sent flying like a cannonball, she crashed through many rocks on Book Mountain before stopping.



***
Chapter 2182 - Hu Elevation!


***





 Chapter 2182: Hu Elevation! 

 Fairy Ming Hao’s body shook as she quickly stood up.


 She was not injured, but the issue here was that she could not block Zhan Bu Du.


 In this current situation, Zhan Bu Du’s threat level was far greater than the Immortal Gu Houses.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Fairy Ming Hao stomped lightly as she quickly flew out, her palm stretched out as tens of stardust specks flew around.


 Zhan Bu Du did not dodge, he allowed the stardust to land on him, he was as fierce as a dragon or tiger, only aiming for the mountain peak.


 Fairy Ming Hao gritted her teeth, she could only fly forward and face Zhan Bu Du in close combat.


 Zhan Bu Du kicked and she was sent flying again, he completely ignored her.


 “Charge!” Some Gu Immortals saw Zhan Bu Du ascending to the top of Book Mountain, they were about to cheer when suddenly, starlight flashed before them.


 Zhan Bu Du was enveloped by starlight and quickly vanished, when he reappeared, he was at the base of Book Mountain.


 The immortals were shocked before understanding why.


 This killer move was not new, it had been used during the fate war.


 As expected, when Zhan Bu Du raised his head to look above Book Mountain, he saw a tiny and delicate Immortal Gu House.


 Which other chessboard looking Immortal Gu House could it be but Star Constellation Chessboard?


 Star Constellation Chessboard radiated with starlight, any enemy that approached the peak of the mountain would get enveloped by starlight and forcefully teleported elsewhere, it was an impossible position.


 Fairy Ming Hao charged at Zhan Bu Du again, trying to stall him while feeling nervous internally: “Hopefully, no one can break this killer move!”


 This move had been used before.


 The more a Gu Immortal uses their method, the greater the risk of it getting seen through.


 Zhan Bu Du’s gaze turned slightly dim, he soon made a decision.


 He endured Fairy Ming Hao’s furious attacks as he charged to the top again at full speed!


 He seemed to have made no advancement, but he had succeeded in his goal. Fairy Feng Ya was originally fully invested in retrieving the Primordial Domain, now, she had to multitask and control Star Constellation Chessboard, her efficiency was greatly reduced.


 Fang Yuan’s side had to continue exerting pressure to distract her.


 Fairy Ming Hao had an outstanding combat system, the more stars that hit the target, the greater the damage they would progressively take.


 Zhan Bu Du initially resisted the stars which could not even pierce his skin. But after hundreds of stardust strikes, he was bathed in blood. When the attacks reached over a thousand, his wounds were deep until bones could be seen.


 During this period, he had already failed in three attempts to charge up.


 He was transported by Star Constellation Chessboard each time.


 “It seems that at this moment, nobody can break this method.” Fairy Ming Hao relaxed at long last.


 During this period, Gu Immortals had taken action, but Star Constellation Chessboard’s killer move was constantly modified by Heavenly Court to a mild extent, allowing it to display effectiveness even now.


 “This cannot drag on.” Qi Sea Ancestor had been fighting against Fairy Yu Xiu all along, seeing Zhan Bu Du’s state, he made a decision.


 He waved his sleeves, a silhouette flew out, taking the place of the main body to deceive Fairy Yu Xiu.


 Fairy Yu Xiu quickly exposed this fake body but Lu Wei Yin flew in front of her, desperately blocking her.


 Because Fairy Yu Xiu was stalled for a moment, Qi Sea Ancestor, who was far away summoned a secluded domain of heaven and earth above his head.


 “Hu Land?!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue was fighting against Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch, at this moment, both of them turned around together and shouted in unison.


 “Move aside.” Qi Sea Ancestor’s sleeves fluttered intensely along with his beard, his face was flushing red.


 Lu Wei Yin quickly dodged to the side.


 But Qi Sea Ancestor suddenly changed directions, aiming towards Book Mountain instead.


 “Oh no!” Fairy Yu Xiu saw this and her heart jumped, she quickly used a killer move, disregarding the danger as she stood between Qi Sea Ancestor and Book Mountain.


 Immortal killer move — Hu Elevation!


 Hu Land suddenly shook intensely as countless qi currents shot out of it fiercely.


 Qi currents surged intensely and grandly, there was righteous qi, evil qi, blood qi, strange qi, and others, they had gathered into a single force under the effect of Hu Land, they were tightly connected and inseparable!


 Bam!


 Heaven and earth shook, it could astound demons and gods.


 An immensely thick qi beam shot out abruptly, it flew towards Book Mountain with terrifying force that could split heaven and earth.


 Fairy Yu Xiu gritted her teeth, she used the strongest defensive method that she possessed, traces of fresh wisdom path insignias surrounded her body, radiating over the world.


 As the qi beam approached, the wisdom path insignias were quickly melted, and Fairy Yu Xiu’s tiny body was quickly submerged in the vast force.


 The qi beam was obstructed by this and lost thirty percent of its power, but it still moved towards Book Mountain with an unstoppable momentum.


 “Don’t even think of it!” At the crucial moment, Bai Cang Shui controlled a rank eight Immortal Gu House and charged forward.


 With a heaven-shaking sound, Heavenly Court’s rank eight Immortal Gu House only lasted for a few breaths of time before disintegrating.


 On Book Mountain, Star Constellation Chessboard shot out a beam of light that landed on Bai Cang Shui through the gaps of the Immortal Gu House, bringing her away.


 Without Bai Cang Shui controlling it, the Immortal Gu House quickly got destroyed by the qi beam, turning into scraps.


 Next, even the scraps were blown to oblivion by the qi beam!


 The qi beam’s power weakened by another twenty percent, but it was less than a hundred steps away from Book Mountain.


 At the crucial moment, a golden green giant appeared.


 It was Qing Chou.


 Qing Chou raised its shield and blocked the qi beam.


 Boom.


 The qi pillar sent Qing Chou crashing into Book Mountain as well, creating a huge pit that was hundreds of feet deep.


 Even as the qi beam dissipated, the lingering aura permeated the battlefield.


 Qing Chou did not move at all, its shield was destroyed and a huge hole that was completely see-through appeared on its chest.


 Divine Emperor City quickly came over with flickering green light, a spiral appeared and sucked Qing Chou’s dead body back into it.


 Elsewhere, starlight specks started to shine beside Fairy Ming Hao as Fairy Yu Xiu appeared.


 Her hair was disheveled, she was in a pitiful state.


 Her expression was pale, her body was unstable, she fell to a half-kneeling position on the ground immediately after.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s Hu elevation killer move was terrifyingly powerful, he defeated Yu Xiu, destroyed the Immortal Gu House, and killed Qing Chou in just one move!


 But Qi Sea Ancestor was in poor condition as well.


 After using this move, he lost thirty percent of his immortal essence storage, he even expended ten thousand qi path dao marks.


 Chains started to appear from the space around him, binding Qi Sea Ancestor in a fixed position.


 “Qi Sea Ancestor’s killer move was too powerful, it caused Limitless’ retaliation method to trigger!” Lu Wei Yin saw this and his expression changed slightly.


 If this Hu elevation was not used on Book Mountain, which was guarded by Heavenly Court desperately, it would have caused immense destruction to the great worlds.


 That would severely affect Limitless Demon Venerable’s final derivation.


 Thus, Limitless Demon Venerable’s method activated, restraining Qi Sea Ancestor immediately.


 Qi Sea Ancestor wanted to struggle but was helpless to find that he could not move, the chains even moved into his mind, stopping the collision of his thoughts, there were also chains in his immortal aperture that sealed all his immortal essence.


 Lu Wei Yin quickly went to him and guarded his body.


 The peak of Book Mountain was still not taken down, the Primordial Domain silhouette in the sky was becoming more vivid, but Bing Sai Chuan smiled from within Calamity Luck Altar: “Heavenly Court is at their wits end too.”


 Earlier, even though Heavenly Court blocked Hu elevation at the critical moment, they had expended their trump cards, they were exhausted now.


 Bing Sai Chuan could tell that they were weakened, he immediately said to the Eight Extremities behind him: “The time is now, go and attack Book Mountain!”


 Heaven Extremity Gai Mei, Earth Extremity Gan Ni, Black Extremity Sun Ming Lu, Yellow Extremity Jiao Huo, Space Extremity Chang Bai, Time Extremity Man Xin Yi, Flood Extremity Yu Yi Yi, and Desolate Extremity Lu Tong Lan, they were all mobilized.


 Once they left Calamity Luck Altar, the eight of them activated an ancient battle formation — Eight Extremities!


 This ancient battle formation was very special, normally speaking, ancient battle formations gathered the strength of many Gu Immortals into one, but this ancient battle formation split the gathered power into eight Gu Immortals, causing the Eight Extremities’ battle strength to surge immensely, making them go from rank seven to rank eight elites.


 Once the Eight Extremities moved out, from the direction of Yellow Earth Great World, a group of people came.


 They were led by Fang Yuan’s enslavement path clone Wu Shuai, and the giant formed from the Twelve Zodiac battle formation.


 Originally, Fang Yuan was waiting at the back while observing the situation, once he saw a chance, he mobilized his people to attack.


 Heavenly Court’s pressure intensified at once.


 In order to prevent the Gu Immortals from breaking through, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals flew out of their Immortal Gu Houses.


 Instantly, the battle surrounding Book Mountain reached the most intense climax.


 Almost each breath, there would be a killer move unleashed.


 Countless killer moves weaved together and created a beautiful fireworks of varying colors, from within the dazzling display, there was deep killing intent.


 Red Heart Traveler suddenly held up a sun of blood that shone brightly, shielding Nine Spiritual Fairy.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy gave a clear roar, the nine-colored barrier shook and the nine layers of light mixed together, becoming extremely dazzling.


 Next, the mixed light sphere flashed as Nine Spiritual Fairy transformed into a colorful rhinoceros.


 The rhinoceros had a large head and small body, it was shining with various colors. It spoke human language: “Thank you!”


 Saying so, it charged towards the Twelve Zodiac Giant.


 Rumble!


 The two huge existences clashed, dust clouds rose and rocks were sent flying.


 The moment Nine Spiritual Fairy left, Yellow Extremity Jiao Huo appeared behind Red Heart Traveler.


 Pew!


 As flames surged, Red Heart Traveler was caught unguarded and got hit by Yellow Extremity, his defensive killer move was pierced and he got substantially injured.


 “How can this be?” Red Heart Traveler was shocked but quickly retaliated.


 But at the next moment, Yellow Extremity pierced through space, escaping far away.


 Red Heart Traveler saw this, his heart sank, he could tell that Yellow Extremity was a fire path cultivator, but he managed to unleash a space path method.


 “So Longevity Heaven’s eight extremities killer move can not only connect the thoughts of the Eight Extremities together and share their vision, they can also share killer moves!”


 Under the effect of the killer move eight extremities, the Eight Extremities cooperated smoothly, the battle strength they displayed was beyond imagination.


 Red Heart Traveler became incredibly alert, he swiftly dodged attacks.


 At the next moment, countless army ants swept the base of the mountain like a tsunami, quickly rising to the middle of the mountain.


 Wu Shuai did not step onto the mountain, he was outside manipulating his army.


 Divine Emperor City sent out countless divine bean soldiers to fight against the army ants.


 In the chaotic battle, a figure flew out like a rampaging dragon, there were huge waves wherever he went. There was a cape behind him that was blood-red in color, he was Zhan Bu Du!


 Fairy Yu Xiu had already gone to obstruct the Eight Extremities, while Fairy Ming Hao was sent flying by Zhan Bu Du again.


 “Stop him!” Fairy Ming Hao shouted loudly.


 Ruan Dan was nearby, it hesitated upon hearing this, not daring to move forward.


 Zhou Xiong Xin gritted his teeth, he stood before Zhan Bu Du.


 Immortal killer move — Rumors Become Tigers!


 Fierce tigers roared, charging towards Zhan Bu Du with imposing might.


 Zhan Bu Du sucked in with his mouth as the tigers were absorbed into his stomach, he easily arrived in front of Zhou Xiong Xin.


 Zhan Bu Du punched directly, piercing Zhou Xiong Xin’s chest as his hand appeared behind the victim.


 Zhou Xiong Xin’s eyes were wide open, he died on the spot.


 Zhan Bu Du waved his arm, this corpse was sent flying, he met with the awakened Gu Immortal Fairy Maiden Soul next.


 Zhan Bu Du shouted loudly, his monstrous strength obliterated Fairy Maiden Soul, her soul was completely destroyed.


 Zhan Bu Du stomped as he finally arrived at the top of the mountain, this time, Star Constellation Chessboard had ceased attacking as well, it did not shoot out any more star pillars.



***
Chapter 2183 - Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


***





 Chapter 2183: Star Constellation Immortal Venerable! 

 Star Constellation, as a child, was laughing happily.


 She wandered around the back mountain, roamed the multi-colored flower fields, and played with the sweet mountain springs.


 She teased a young, intelligent leopard cat which she had saved coincidentally.


 These last days, she would often come to the cave to see it, feed it, and play with it.


 “You are playing around again?!” A voice suddenly came from behind.


 The child Star Constellation’s body shook, she felt her skull turning numb as she slowly turned around and saw the white robed, solemn-looking Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable.


 “Master...” Star Constellation lowered her head, saying softly.


 “Give your hand.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable brought out a ruler.


 Star Constellation gritted her teeth as she stretched out her small white hand.


 Slap.


 The ruler struck her palm and left a red mark.


 The intense pain struck her, but Star Constellation fought back the tears.


 “The homework that you did recently is a total mess, instead of training killer moves, you are playing with a cat here?” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable looked at the leopard cat behind Star Constellation.


 The child Star Constellation immediately brimmed with tears: “Master, don’t be angry, don’t chase Little Yellow away. Its injuries have just healed, I promise I will definitely practice my killer moves.”


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable fixed his gaze at Star Constellation, but Star Constellation drummed up her courage and held her gaze, like she would protect the leopard cat no matter what.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s expression was stiff, he picked up the child Star Constellation: “Come with me.”


 Star Constellation felt a strong wind brushing past her face and could not open her eyes.


 After some time, the roar of the wind suddenly stopped and she felt her feet touching the ground.


 “Take a look.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s voice reached her.


 Star Constellation opened her eyes and saw that she was in a ruin.


 Her pupils shrunk, her sight was filled with burning houses and corpses of man, woman, old, and young...


 “This village was peaceful and quiet, but because it is near the regional wall, a group of variant human bandits invaded and massacred everyone.”


 “Do you know how often this situation occurs?” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable asked.


 The child Star Constellation was deeply shocked, shaking her head subconsciously.


 “This kind of situation is happening almost every day.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable heaved a sigh, “Not only at the periphery of Central Continent, there are remnant variant humans even deep within Central Continent itself. They come out occasionally and kill us humans.”


 “Heavenly Court is already established in Central Continent, humanity has firm dominance, while the variant human super forces have gone into hiding or have left Central Continent. As for the other four regions? Variant humans still hold power. Do you know why that is the case?”


 The child Star Constellation answered quickly: “I know! I heard from the senior brothers and sisters that master roamed the five regions and attacked all the variant human super forces. No matter how many variant human Gu Immortals there are, they cannot beat you. But they all hid away, so we cannot find them.”


 “Right.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable nodded his head, “When immortal apertures are placed in the world, they shrink down to the size of a speck, searching them is extremely difficult, like searching for a needle in the ocean.”


 “Because of this, even though humanity has me, an Immortal Venerable invincible in the world, we are still unable to get rid of those variant humans.”


 “Although we have taken control of Central Continent, the other four regions are still not liberated. Because our human population is too small, we cannot compare to variant humans.”


 “Even if we target the four regions’ variant human Gu Masters and mortals, even if we kill them all, as long as those variant human blessed lands and grotto-heavens exist, they can easily nurture countless variant humans.”


 Once blessed lands and grotto-heavens hid, they were difficult to find, and the time inside was much faster than the outside world. The population inside could increase much more rapidly.


 Every once in a while, the blessed lands and grotto-heavens could open their entrance and release the extra population in the four regions.


 “These Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures are the foundations of the variant humans. If we cannot find their specific locations, when I die, humanity will still be in a perilous situation, the past tragedy will repeat once more.” Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable heaved a deep sigh and stroked the child Star Constellation’s hair, “This is why you need to work hard! Fate has decreed that you will become the future Immortal Venerable and create wisdom path.”


 “With wisdom path, we can deduce the location of most of the blessed lands and grotto-heavens, we can kill those variant human Gu Immortals and ensure the prosperity of humanity for countless generations ahead.”


 “Xing Su[1], you need to understand that with every moment you spend playing around, more of our people will die under the blades of the variant humans. Among them, there are many old people, and also many who are the same age as you. While you are playing, the children who are of your age lie in a pool of blood, unable to see the sun of tomorrow.”


 The child Star Constellation was pale as paper as she pursed her lips in silence.


 Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable used his killer move again, bringing her back to the back of the mountain. He did not instruct her anymore and left her by herself.


 Several days later.


 The child Star Constellation parted with the leopard cat Little Yellow.


 Despite Little Yellow being very reluctant to leave, she still returned it to the forest.


 When she was alone, she squatted on the ground and held her knees, weeping softly to herself.


 “Although master is completely right, I am only just a child. The senior brothers and sisters can have fun, so why can’t I?”


 “Is it simply because fate decreed me as the future Immortal Venerable?”


 The child Star Constellation cried for a long time till nighttime, the sky was filled with stars.


 She slowly stood up, her small, round face still had tear stains.


 A lump of starlight gushed out of her heart.


 Star Constellation held this starlight and threw it on the back of the mountain.


 This lump of starlight bore a vague resemblance to her shadow.


 The child Star Constellation said to this starlight shadow: “Actually, I don’t want to become an Immortal Venerable, but fate cannot be changed. Everyone is so kind to me, I need to think for them as well and bring happiness to the whole of humanity.”


 “If there is a second life, I want you to play all you want and make up for my regret in this life!”


 The starlight shadow did not leave.


 The child Star Constellation looked at her and said: “Let me give you a name. Since master often praises my wittiness, bright eyes and white teeth, let’s call you Ming Hao.”


 The starlight shadow seemed to be very happy after receiving the name, it left quickly.


 Teenage Star Constellation grew into a young lady, and she was now an immortal.


 She did not just stay in closed cultivation, she often traveled to different places to enrich her experience.


 There was no use in just cultivating behind closed doors, because what she needed to do was not to inherit Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s legacy, but to create wisdom path.


 When she was traveling Eastern Sea with a disguised identity, she became acquainted with a Gu Immortal.


 Under some coincidences, she and this Gu Immortal ran into each other time and again. They joined hands to fight and got rid of variant human tribes, they explored sea trenches, and so on. Their friendship deepened, which eventually turned into feelings of fondness.


 But...


 “You are a variant human!” When Star Constellation saw her beloved’s true appearance, she stepped back in shock.


 “Xing Er, I did not hide it on purpose, please listen to my explanation.” Her beloved one was anxious.


 Star Constellation, however, shook her head and flew up to the sky.


 The man gave chase without letting up, but because of his heavy injuries, he fell from the sky in the end.


 When he gained consciousness, he found that he was lying on a beach and Star Constellation was beside him.


 “You saved me, Xing Er! I know it is you, where are you? Come out and meet me!” The man was both surprised and happy as he struggled to get up and shouted with all his strength, but he received no reply after all.


 In the end, he could only leave the island.


 Under the setting sun, looking at his lonely receding figure, Star Constellation stood on the beach and revealed herself.


 Her eyes were brimming with tears along with reluctance to part with him: “Why do you have to be a variant human? How great would it be if you were human? Do you know that I already thought of marrying you? According to customs, master had already prepared Embroidered Tower for me as dowry.”


 “But I cannot do it.”


 “Because I am Star Constellation, the future Immortal Venerable of humanity.”


 “I need to get rid of the variant human Gu Immortals for my people, if I become your wife, how can I attack them? Once the variant humans get comfortable, what will happen to the future of humanity?”


 Her master’s anticipation, the hope of humanity, and the support of the people around her; all of these burdens were weighing on Star Constellation’s shoulders.


 But her heart still ached!


 The pain of unfulfilled love almost tore her soul apart.


 Starlight started to gush out of Star Constellation’s heart.


 She held this lump of starlight again.


 She mumbled to the starlight shadow: “Since he praised my beauty and talent, I will name you Yu Xiu. If there is another life, please live well for me, don’t care about the future of humanity, don’t think about the safety of people, for just once, live for yourself and be selfish, go ahead and love, you can cry to your heart’s content!”


 The starlight shadow rippled as if replying to her.


 In her later years, Star Constellation had already become a venerable.


 Inside a hall, she sat on the main seat, looking at her senior sister who had always supported and taken care of her, she was like her own mother.


 “Let me do it!” The senior sister shouted, “Ah Su, you are the great Immortal Venerable, you cannot sacrifice yourself to merge with heaven’s will.”


 “No.” Star Constellation shook her head softly, “Precisely because I am the Immortal Venerable, I need to do this.”


 The senior sister’s eyes were filled with tears: “Ah Su, you were only three years old when you became master’s disciple. I have taken care of you this entire time, I looked at you grow bit by bit, mature step by step, and finally become the Star Constellation Immortal Venerable of humanity.”


 “No one knows better than me how much sadness and pain you have endured in this process. You have already sacrificed too much over these years.”


 “Now, you have already done a great job and fulfilled everyone’s expectations. Don’t make sacrifices anymore, you still have a lot of time to do what you want to do.”


 “Didn’t you often complain to me? Although your life seemed great and you have been praised by countless people, you still hold many regrets. Ah Su, you deserve a better life from now on.”


 “You have sacrificed too much for humanity, it is time for you to live for yourself.”


 “So this time, let me assimilate with heaven’s will.”


 Star Constellation smiled, her figure flashed and appeared before her senior sister.


 She softly wiped her senior sister’s tears and took out a lump of starlight from her heart.


 “Senior sister.”


 “You praised me for my great magnanimity. I shall name this starlight shadow Feng Ya, let her accompany you in my stead. I was an orphan from birth, you looked after me all my life, you are my sister and also like my mother. How can I let you do this?”


 “In any case, I have already sacrificed and given up so much, it is already like a habit for me. Haha.”


 “Let Feng Ya stay and look after you, she will help me make up for the regrets in life.”


 “I have left behind three starlight shadows, they are also my arrangements for revival.”


 “I do not want to see the day where I can revive, but if the situation aggravates to that degree and I revive, I will listen to you, my senior sister. Forget about this world or the whole of humanity, I will live for myself and myself only!”


 “For once, I want to be selfish too.”


 Crazed Demon Cave.


 When Ming Hao, Yu Xiu, and Feng Ya woke up, they received devastating news.


 Fate Gu was destroyed, Heavenly Court had fallen to an abysmal state, the great demon Fang Yuan had risen up, the righteous path was declining while demons surged, Central Continent was surrounded by danger on all fronts.


 I once vowed to myself!


 I want to live my own life..


 To live for my pleasure, to live for my love, and to live for my happiness.


 Was I wrong?


 I had already completed my mission, I created wisdom path, I already got rid of most of the variant human Gu Immortals, I even led humanity on the path of prosperity.


 It was time I took a rest.


 But why?


 Why did I subconsciously make plans and arrangements?


 Why am I still fighting here?


 Why?


 Fairy Ming Hao looked at the rising fire and smoke, she curled her lips.


 Fairy Yu Xiu looked at Demon Immortal Qi Jue and the Eight Extremities with a cold gaze.


 Fairy Feng Ya looked at the charging Zhan Bu Du and smiled plainly.


 At this moment, starlight flickered on the bodies of the three fairies, resonating with bright radiance.


 The three immortals recited together —


 A life of selfless giving,


 Worrying and helping the people.


 Sacrificing my body and life,


 For starlight to radiate the world.


 Everything changed upon revival,


 The five regions became unrecognizable.


 Only my heart remained the same,


 The three avatars unite to save heaven!


 Starlight connected and fused into one, its radiance rising towards the sky.


 The light soon formed into an immortal with peerless beauty, her eyes shone brightly like stars in the sky.


 Star Constellation?


 Star Constellation.


 Star Constellation!


 [1] Star Constellation’s name which also became her title later, much like Paradise Earth.



***
Chapter 2184 - Immortal Venerables Enter Primordial Domain


***





 Chapter 2184: Immortal Venerables Enter Primordial Domain 

 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?!”


 On the peak of Book Mountain, the scene of three star avatars joining into one and turning into Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shocked the immortals, who were bathed in blood.


 Although the immortals already expected the revival of venerables with fate Gu being destroyed, when a venerable really revived in front of them, they still could not help but feel intense shock.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


 The only female among the ten venerables. She created wisdom path, inherited Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable’s will, developed Heavenly Court, assimilated with heaven’s will, and helped Heavenly Court resist three Demon Venerables.


 Her name was always resplendent in the history of humanity, her glorious reputation had never dimmed.


 Now, she had revived!


 “Star Constellation, take this punch!” Zhan Bu Du did not have any hesitation as he stepped on the mountain peak, and with a thunderous voice, he attacked Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s revival did not surprise Fang Yuan.


 In fact, he already had some speculations regarding the identities of Ming Hao, Yu Xiu, and Feng Ya.


 These three had extremely high strength, they were all pseudo venerables.


 Just this point alone was enough to explain the problem!


 Heavenly Court was persistent in repairing Fate and had worked for it for over one million years. But in the crucial fate war, there was only one pseudo venerable battle strength – Duke Long – defending Heavenly Court.


 But right now in Crazed Demon Cave, Heavenly Court had suddenly brought out three pseudo venerable battle strength experts, this proved that these three female immortals had revived only after the destruction of fate Gu.


 If not for this, how could they not participate in the fate war?


 Since they were revived pseudo venerables, their names should have been renowned in history, but they were shrouded in mystery.


 More importantly, there was no trace of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable from the start.


 With these several clues and his strong wisdom path attainment, Fang Yuan deduced that the probability of these three immortals being Star Constellation was increasingly obvious.


 It was like how Fang Yuan could create clones like Qi Sea Ancestor, Zhan Bu Du, and Wu Shuai, why could Star Constellation Immortal Venerable not do the same?


 It was just that Star Constellation’s three avatars were more profound and mysterious than Fang Yuan’s clones —


 The three fairies could become Star Constellation by fusing together!


 Zhan Bu Du showed no fear against the revived Star Constellation. Before his punch even landed on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the intense wind from his punch blew Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s long hair into the air.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, however, was smiling.


 At the next moment, Zhan Bu Du struck Star Constellation, but he passed right through her.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s figure vanished like an illusory bubble.


 This was fake, it was merely an illusion.


 Zhan Bu Du realized this and quickly activated an investigative method, but could not detect Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s main body.


 “Star Constellation, please hold on.” Suddenly, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s voice came from Calamity Luck Altar.


 Golden light drifted in the air, revealing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s figure.


 But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used a killer move.


 Inside her immortal aperture, Fairy Feng Ya’s talent Gu, and Fairy Yu Xiu’s serious Gu and learning Gu, which were temporarily taken out from Divine Emperor City, activated one after the other.


 Immortal essence was consumed intensely, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s figure turned illusory again.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s golden light could not obstruct her any longer.


 Under everyone’s gaze, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable flew to the sky grandly and entered Primordial Domain!


 “Damn it!” Zhan Bu Du gritted his teeth as he gave chase.


 However, although he caught up to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, she was like a silhouette that could not be disturbed by Zhan Bu Du. She quickly entered the depths of Primordial Domain.


 But Zhan Bu Du passed through Primordial Domain.


 “Without special methods, there is no way to enter Primordial Domain!” Zhan Bu Du’s eyes burned with anger.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was revived.


 But she did not fight Zhan Bu Du, instead choosing to directly head to Primordial Domain.


 She was a venerable, she could not make a move casually; otherwise, she would be suppressed by Limitless Demon Venerable’s methods just like Qi Sea Ancestor.


 She directly left without caring for Heavenly Court’s immortals, Book Mountain, and the whole battlefield, but this became a fatal move!


 Lu Wei Yin’s expression was ashen and extremely unsightly.


 Primordial Domain was the crucial factor of the battle in Crazed Demon Cave.


 The reason they attacked Book Mountain furiously was to obstruct Heavenly Court from obtaining Primordial Domain. They never expected that even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was unable to get Primordial Domain, she could directly fly into it.


 Zhan Bu Du lacked suitable methods and could not block her.


 In fact, even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun made a move but was unable to obstruct Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


 “What do we do?” Lu Wei Yin was at a loss.


 Once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable entered Primordial Domain to replenish her lost attainment level, she would quickly become a wisdom path supreme grandmaster and regain her status of the wisdom path Dao Lord.


 “Is Heavenly Court going to continue controlling the future of this world?” Bing Sai Chuan sighed dejectedly.


 “Not necessarily.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sneered, “Let’s go!”


 At the next moment, Calamity Luck Altar shone with dazzling golden light.


 The golden light shot everywhere before joining together and making a path that stretched forward.


 It was Calamity Luck Altar’s killer move — Luck Changing Golden Light Path!


 At the same time, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace that was stationed in Savage Wilderness Great World also let out a majestic light.


 Ever since Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was brought into Crazed Demon Cave, it had actively participated and cooperated with Limitless Demon Venerable’s deductions regarding the development of the worlds, it had gotten deeply involved.


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace’s light shone on Calamity Luck Altar, creating mysterious changes in the luck changing golden light path.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun flew out of Calamity Luck Altar and followed the golden light path into Primordial Domain.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was unable to stop Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, but he possessed the number one luck path attainment in the world. He made use of Calamity Luck Altar and Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace to enter Primordial Domain.


 Longevity Heaven’s immortals cheered as they saw this.


 But Fang Yuan’s subordinates were pale.


 “Damn it, damn it!” Lu Wei Yin’s expression was extremely unsightly.


 Although Longevity Heaven cooperated with Fang Yuan, their main goal was to make use of him. Right now, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun directly abandoned Fang Yuan and entered Primordial Domain himself.


 It was obvious that he was seeking to replenish his luck path attainment level in Primordial Domain and become a luck path Dao Lord once again!


 Both Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven threw Fang Yuan aside.


 “Is this a venerable’s foundation?” Xiao He Jian heaved a sigh.


 “Should we retreat?” Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch’s will started to waver.


 Fang Yuan was the source of these variant human Gu Immortals’ confidence, but currently, it was obvious Fang Yuan could not compare to the two venerables. This made the variant human Gu Immortals’ morale fall sharply.


 “No need to worry.” At this time, Fang Yuan’s main body came over from Yellow Earth Great World.


 His expression was still calm.


 Lu Wei Yin’s eyes shone with hope: “Lord Fang Yuan, you have a way?”


 Fang Yuan nodded, looking towards Rising Cloud City: “Qi Jue, let’s cooperate once again.”


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue flew over from Rising Cloud City: “Heh, I knew you had ulterior motives when you gave me the rank eight Immortal Gu House. But your killer move has no issue, come, let’s work together!”


 Fang Yuan stretched out his hand, taking out Hu Land from the Qi Sea clone’s immortal aperture.


 At the same time, Xi Land appeared above Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Hu Land and Xi Land came together and shone on each other.


 Lu Wei Yin was exulted when he saw this: “I get it, > has records of this!”


 >, chapter five, section thirty-seven.


 Wisdom Gu was bitten by self Gu, it felt very angry and decided to take revenge.


 Wisdom Gu found lie Gu: “No matter what I say, my words are filled with wisdom, they will advise and help others. This won’t do, so I came to you for help.”


 Lie Gu asked: “How do you want me to help you?”


 Wisdom Gu said: “This is easy and simple. Ren Zu and his children are in Primordial Domain now. In front of Primordial Domain is Xi Land, while behind it is Hu Land. Go to Primordial Domain and deceive Ren Zu, tell him Hu Land is in front while Xi Land is behind.”


 Lie Gu was puzzled: “That can help you take revenge?”


 Wisdom Gu laughed loudly: “Humans need to breathe in first before they can breathe out. Meanwhile, Xi Land and Hu Land are the breathing of heaven and earth. Just follow my instructions.”


 Lie Gu followed wisdom Gu’s arrangements and went to Primordial Domain. It told Ren Zu: “Human, you need to be careful. You are in a mystical place, you will reach Hu Land if you go forward and Xi Land if you move back.”


 Ren Zu had been thinking of leaving Primordial Domain, he thought: “The beastmen once advised me to not go to Hu Land. In that case, I shall head towards the back and go to Xi Land.”


 Ren Zu moved towards the back of Primordial Domain with his children Great Strength True Martial and Carefree Wisdom Heart.


 Thus, they arrived at Hu Land.


 “This is not Xi Land!” Carefree Wisdom Heart knew they had been deceived.


 Ren Zu patted his chest: “Fortunately, I died once and betrayal Gu has already left me. Otherwise if I care[1], betrayal Gu will harm me.”


 But Great Strength True Martial suddenly realized something and shouted: “This is bad!”


 “What’s wrong?” Ren Zu was just about to ask when self Gu flew out of his body.


 Self Gu left Ren Zu, leaving behind a sentence: “Oh human, after you put attitude Gu on me, you deceived even yourself, so don’t blame me for leaving you.”


 Back then, Ren Zu protected weak Gu. Weak Gu urged Ren Zu to put attitude Gu on self Gu to deceive himself; creating the perfect deception that managed to even deceive the Predicament.


 If humans deceived themselves, their sense of self would leave and the person would lose themselves.


 Ren Zu was angry and anxious: “What to do, self Gu left me. How can I obtain freedom without it? How can I break free of the restraints of fate?”


 “Self Gu once took a bite of betrayal Gu, so it gained the inclination to betray. I was already dissatisfied with it.” Great Strength True Martial’s ability Gu shouted.


 The skilled were naturally dissatisfied with themselves.


 “Self Gu will be out of our sight soon, we need to give chase!” Carefree Wisdom Heart reminded.


 The three immediately chase after self Gu.


 Self Gu left very fast and dove into a river.


 The river’s surface was calm with ice of all sizes floating on it.


 “This is the River of Time, the ice floating on the river is called truthful floating ice.” Ren Zu’s group recognized it immediately, they had gained this knowledge in the Qian Kun Crystal Wall.


 Ren Zu looked afar and said: “I think self Gu is hiding in the center of the floating ice, let’s quickly go and catch it!”


 [1] ‘Care’ is read as ‘At Hu’ here, its a word pun.



***
Chapter 2185 - Fang Yuan Enters Primordial Domain


***





 Chapter 2185: Fang Yuan Enters Primordial Domain 

 Ren Zu’s group sized up the situation by the riverside.


 Every piece of floating ice in the River of Time was a piece of truth.


 Ren Zu observed for a long while before pointing towards a floating ice: “This floating ice is neither big nor small and has a smooth surface, let’s step on this.”


 But Great Strength True Martial said: “This floating ice is clearly too small, it is not enough for us three.”


 Carefree Wisdom Heart shook her head: “This floating ice is quite big but there are many spikes on it, they will pierce our feet.”


 Even when looking at the same truth, from the perspectives of different people, they could be big or small, minor or severe, difficult or easy. Some could accept it, but some could not.


 Ren Zu’s group discussed for a long while before they chose a floating ice and stepped on it.


 When Ren Zu stepped on this ice, he immediately cried and sniveled; Great Strength True Martial shouted in anger, while Carefree Wisdom Heart laughed happily.


 When looking at the same truth, different people would have different feelings and emotions regarding it.


 Ren Zu and his children could only endure this.


 “Every piece of floating ice in the River of Time is a cold and silent truth. But we humans have hearts, we feel emotions when we come across truths, and when truths and emotions mix, they create different situations[1] for everyone.” Carefree Wisdom Heart recalled the knowledge in her mind.


 The floating ice carried the group and drifted for a while before it started shrinking and submerging.


 “Let’s jump to that floating ice.” Ren Zu pointed towards the left, at his front.


 Before the floating ice under them submerged, the three jumped to the second floating ice.


 This piece of truth created different emotions in Ren Zu’s group.


 The longer they stood on the floating ice, the more these emotions accumulated.


 As the floating ice continued to sink, the emotions they felt also changed. Some went from angry to happy, while others went from happy to depressed.


 “I can’t endure this anymore, I feel horrible.” After persisting for a while, Ren Zu said while grasping his heart, “Let’s jump to that floating ice.”


 The three jumped over, but shortly afterwards, Carefree Wisdom Heart said: “I cannot stand this situation, I am also feeling extremely down. I even want to die.”


 Ren Zu’s group of three quickly changed to another floating ice.


 No matter what truth they came upon, in reality, they could be endured by gritting one’s teeth. The most dreadful thing was the suffering of the heart.


 If the heart could not endure it, the person would be unable to continue moving forward.


 After changing several pieces of floating ice, Great Strength True Martial felt the least amount of discomfort: “I am still fine.”


 Strong Gu shouted proudly in his heart: “There are too many situations in the world, but it has always been the weak who suffer more than the strong.”


 Fortitude Gu called out: “The credit here goes to me because I have been helping you since the start.”


 Fortitude Gu could suppress emotions.


 Suddenly, two Gu worms grew on Carefree Wisdom Heart’s palms.


 The Gu on the left palm was called Good. The Gu on the right palm was called Bad.


 “Humans, we can help you distinguish which situation is good and which is bad.” Good Gu and bad Gu said together in a soft voice.


 Thus, with the help of good Gu and bad Gu, Ren Zu’s group was able to choose a piece of floating ice that had a good situation.


 All three of them felt happy when standing on this floating ice.


 When the floating ice started to submerge and good situations turned bad, the three jumped away.


 Like this, the three gradually turned happy, then ecstatic, before finally becoming euphoric. They could not move forward anymore as they drowned in emotions of endless joy.


 The three forgot about their situation, the truthful floating ice they were standing on submerged completely, they fell into the river one after the other.


 ...


 Crazed Demon Cave, eighth layer.


 Xi Land!


 Hu Land!


 The two secluded domains of heaven and earth let out misty white light that mixed into one and formed a horizontal pillar of light.


 “The final step.” Fang Yuan let out a breath of relief as he activated a killer move.


 Qi aura flew into the light pillar, forming a vortex in the middle.


 The vortex shot to the sky, and when the white light vortex touched the surface of Primordial Domain, it expanded and shrouded the whole Primordial Domain like a fog.


 Fang Yuan followed the white vortex of light and went into Primordial Domain!


 “Amazing, amazing! Primordial Domain is in between Xi Land and Hu Land, using these two secluded domains of heaven and earth, he managed to locate Primordial Domain.” Lu Wei Yin praised loudly as he followed after Fang Yuan.


 Behind him were pseudo venerable battle strength experts like Zhan Bu Du, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and Qi Sea Ancestor.


 After these immortals entered Primordial Domain, the white vortex dissipated rapidly, disappointing those Gu Immortals who had been thinking of making a move.


 Fang Yuan was floating in Primordial Domain, frowning deeply.


 The moment he stepped in, countless inspirations appeared in his mind.


 But this was not a natural process, it was like a forced instillation, Fang Yuan experienced an indescribable pain.


 This pain did not come from his body or soul, it came from his mind.


 His mental state had been like a lake with no waves, being tranquil like a giant mirror. But now, there were fierce waves moving roughly.


 This was like a process where an infant who only knew how to eat, drink, sleep, and excrete got forced to learn the joy of a child jumping and playing. If infants jumped and played, they would injure themselves.


 It was also like a child who thought toys were the most precious thing, but was forcefully instilled the perspective of an adult — that money was the most important thing.


 A Gu cultivator’s attainment level was very hard to raise. By entering Primordial Domain, Fang Yuan was increasing his attainment level unnaturally and forcefully, it went against the law of nature.


 Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and endured it.


 There was no trace of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, who had entered earlier. Fang Yuan also did not concentrate on them, he quickly inspected his body and came to a realization.


 “Many paths’ attainment levels are increasing rapidly! Refinement path is also among them, but rule path’s progress is the fastest.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it and started to move in Primordial Domain.


 He used a method which allowed him to fly in Primordial Domain like a free bird.


 Primordial Domain crumbled apart wherever he went.


 Fang Yuan’s heart sank.


 Although Primordial Domain was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it was extremely fragile!


 Fang Yuan did not even attack, it was just that he had too many dao marks, even Primordial Domain could not endure it.


 Fortunately, before those areas of Primordial Domain collapsed, the attainment levels they contained were transferred into Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan felt a sense of urgency.


 “I must find the correct direction quickly.”


 “If those areas in the Primordial Domain that contain refinement path are destroyed, it will be terrible!”


 Fang Yuan was unfamiliar with Primordial Domain, but all kinds of thoughts clashed in his mind and his profound wisdom path attainment allowed him to quickly understand his situation.


 Primordial Domain contained the profundities of all paths, any Gu cultivator could benefit from it.


 Fang Yuan acutely adjusted his direction and moved in Primordial Domain, gaining a lot of progress in his refinement path attainment level.


 His direction was correct, and soon, his rate of progress in refinement path became the highest, among several other paths that were growing too.


 Fang Yuan’s feeling at this moment could not be expressed in words.


 Even though he was feeling incomparable pain and his mental state was unstable, he also felt full and satisfied, at the same time, there was also an increasing ‘thirst’!


 This ‘thirst’ was towards knowledge, towards attainment levels.


 “It is no wonder that in >, after Ren Zu obtained knowledge, he was not satisfied, he kept taking in more knowledge until his brain reached its limit and exploded.”


 Fang Yuan felt a sense of resonance with Ren Zu.


 “Almost, almost there!” Fang Yuan endured the pain as joy appeared on his face.


 His intuition was telling him strongly that he was only a short distance from refinement path supreme grandmaster.


 Rumble!


 Right at this time, Primordial Domain shook and large areas started collapsing and breaking apart.


 Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment level that had been rising stopped abruptly.


 “Giant Sun, Star Constellation!!!” Fang Yuan’s gaze turned cold and sharp.


 He looked far away, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were fighting.


 They selected the location of their fight really well, it was in the main area of refinement path.


 Once this portion of Primordial Domain was destroyed, Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment level could not increase anymore.


 In previous fights, Fang Yuan had probed many weaknesses of Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court; similarly, details about him were also taken notice of by Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 They were aware that Fang Yuan wanted to break through in refinement path.


 Since they came to Primordial Domain a step earlier, how could these two venerables watch without doing anything?


 Thus, as they fought, they destroyed the future prospects of Fang Yuan!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable must have taken the initiative to attack, and although Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was in an alliance with Fang Yuan, he was definitely happy to take advantage of the situation.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable saw Fang Yuan’s main body, immediately pointing at him.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Hundreds of deep blue stars shot towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan gave a shout, his whole body emitting seven-colored radiance.


 Immortal killer move — Seven Kills Rainbow!


 Metal path’s yellow light, wood path’s jade-green light, water path’s light blue hue, fire path’s red light, earth path’s brown light, wind path’s green radiance, and lightning path’s deep blue light; seven lights from these seven paths mixed together and shot forward in a drill shape.


 Bam!


 The seven kills rainbow destroyed most of the stars and continued towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Starlight flashed around Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, blocking this killer move. But she still staggered, and her face revealed surprise.


 “What killer move is this?”


 It was naturally a compound killer move.


 This seven kills rainbow was modified from the five technique rainbow. The latter was once used by Fang Yuan in Eastern Sea when the Righteous Qi Alliance attacked Xia clan headquarters to retrieve Xia clan’s lost territory.


 Five technique rainbow used metal, wood, water, fire, and earth, for a total of five paths. But seven kills rainbow went a step further, containing the swift wind and violent lightning.


 It was hard for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to defend against such a killer move.


 Because to block this move, she had to simultaneously consider metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, and lightning, these amounted to seven paths!


 There were many killer moves that seemingly involved many paths, but they were without any substance in essence.


 For instance, when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable fought with Limitless’ will in Crazed Demon Cave, he had used a killer move that imitated other paths’ strength.


 The essence of the killer move was still one path, it was just that it imitated other paths.


 In fact, to deal with his killer move, only theft path needed to be targeted.


 But seven kills rainbow genuinely contained the strength of seven paths.


 With just one exchange with Fang Yuan, even the grand Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt troubled!


 One aspect was the difficulty of defending against compound killer moves, the other aspect was Fang Yuan’s vast dao mark accumulation.


 He had too many dao marks, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable might have been able to match it before, but the current her had just revived.


 The three avatars merged into one, their dao marks were also added together, which became the current Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s foundation.


 But clearly, the number of dao marks that Star Constellation had was lower than Fang Yuan.


 [1] The Chinese character for situation/thing is made up of truth and emotion.



***
Chapter 2186 - Snatching Primordial Domain


***





 Chapter 2186: Snatching Primordial Domain


 Crazed Demon Cave.


 Primordial Domain.


 Fang Yuan’s main body finally fought against a venerable!


 Immortal killer move — Sword Tongue Dragon Soul.


 Fang Yuan roared again, his body shook and over a hundred evil dragons rapidly condensed around him.


 The evil dragons roared and charged towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 “Another compound killer move?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s pupils shrank slightly, she immediately noted that the evil dragons in front of her contained profundities of at least transformation path and enslavement path.


 Fang Yuan’s dao mark quantity was horrifying, although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could fight him head on, that was not her style.


 She was a wisdom path supreme grandmaster!


 This was true in her previous life, it was also true now.


 Her body immediately flickered as the surrounding starlight split into a thousand specks, each of time transformed into one Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 “Hmm?” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun quickly activated his investigative method to distinguish the real body.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrank, but he still ordered the dragons to charge forward.


 The dragons fought with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s illusions, instantly, the whole battlefield was turned into a chaotic scene.


 The evil dragons bit, swung their tails, stabbed with their horns, or used their claws, some even shot out sharp sword qi with their tongues...


 At the start of the fight, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s illusions were caught off-guard and suffered heavy losses.


 But not long later, they realized the patterns of these evil dragons, Star Constellation Immortal Venerables stabilized the situation and began to counterattack.


 The methods of these Star Constellation illusions were ordinary, each illusion only had one killer move and there were only six kinds of killer moves altogether.


 But these Star Constellation illusions had extremely high cooperation, not much inferior to the three avatars.


 The Star Constellation illusions used their numerical advantage, about ten illusions would attack one evil dragon and kill it after sacrificing several illusions.


 Fang Yuan’s evil dragons began to decrease rapidly in number.


 “Fang Yuan’s sword tongue dragon soul has enslavement path profundity, so they can be controlled. But he is far from being Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s match in terms of wisdom path.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun evaluated inwardly.


 “But Fang Yuan knows his strengths and weaknesses as well as the enemy’s, it would not be worth the effort if he put his attention on carefully controlling the dragon souls. So he is just activating this move repeatedly.”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun did not interfere for the moment, he just observed from the side.


 While observing the battle, he continued to activate his methods. Crimson light flew and wrapped the surrounding areas of Primordial Domain, pulling them into his immortal aperture.


 Information was extremely important to Gu cultivators.


 Especially when facing an enemy like Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, killer moves were most effective during the first time they were used.


 Fang Yuan did not use other methods, he was still activating sword tongue dragon soul without stopping.


 Groups of evil dragons that numbered over a hundred each continued to rush to the battlefield.


 They were killed by the Star Constellation illusions, but they soon gained the upper hand in terms of overall strength.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was inwardly surprised: “So this move contains soul path as well?”


 He saw these evil dragons being annihilated, but gradually, the souls of the evil dragons appeared. At first, these dragon souls were extremely weak, their battle strength was only ten percent of the evil dragons.


 But as evil dragons continued to die, the scattered soul path dao marks in the battlefield surged continuously; the dragon soul beasts born from the deaths of these evil dragons also grew increasingly strong.


 Twenty percent, forty percent, sixty percent...


 The evil dragon souls’ battle strength continued to increase, finally defeating the Star Constellation illusions and tilting the battle situation in Fang Yuan’s favor.


 And when there were only dozens of illusions remaining, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s main body could not remain hidden.


 She smiled at Fang Yuan and actually retreated from the battlefield, taking her leave.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly.


 From this fight, he gained a deeper understanding of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s nature.


 Even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had revived and clearly had the battle strength to fight Fang Yuan head on, she did not battle frontally, she was very rational and flexible in thoughts.


 It was like how she retreated this time and made Fang Yuan’s efforts go to waste.


 These soul path dao marks on the battlefield were advantageous to Fang Yuan, but with Star Constellation’s casual retreat, Fang Yuan had to give chase, giving up this favorable battlefield.


 It was not pleasant at all to fight with such an opponent.


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, hold up.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun smiled, magnificent lights appeared and blocked Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 “Good!” Fang Yuan praised, taking the chance to catch up.


 It seemed like the alliance agreement between Longevity Heaven and Fang Yuan was still effective.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s choice could be explained easily.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun saw Fang Yuan’s battle strength, and adding on the fact that he was still in his immortal zombie body, he regarded Heavenly Court as the main enemy.


 Were Fang Yuan to be weaker, he might have been jointly attacked by Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, to get rid of this easiest target and prevent him from obtaining benefits while the two venerables fought.


 Fang Yuan fought Star Constellation Immortal Venerable once again, while Immortal Zombie Giant Sun barely made any moves.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable lightly waved her jade-like hands, sending out a flurry of stars.


 The stars were extremely fast, whistling through the air as they shot at Fang Yuan’s body.


 Fang Yuan had tried to dodge them before, but these stars had homing ability, they reached him no matter how he dodged.


 Fang Yuan would need a long time to deduce and plan before he could decipher this killer move.


 Crack crack.


 Soft sounds echoed as the light barrier around Fang Yuan started to break.


 This light barrier was a compound killer move as well, it had outstanding defense, but under the continuous attack of the stars, it had already broken several times.


 The power of each flying star never changed, but they were tightly connected as a consecutive move.


 This was very terrifying.


 Suppose that a flying star’s power was one, the first star would have the battle strength of one, second would have at least three, third would have six...


 Their strength increased progressively, reaching a terrifying level at the later stages.


 This was Fairy Ming Hao’s combat system.


 The barrier of light collapsed, Fang Yuan immediately used a new defensive method, a halo shone above his head.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled. Just like what Heavenly Court’s intel described, Fang Yuan was very cautious. After using the defensive killer move a few times, he would change to a new one, afraid that his defensive killer move would be deciphered, which could cause heavy injuries or even death if he was caught off-guard.


 In fact, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s plan was exactly this.


 However, every time she got some results in her deductions, Fang Yuan would readjust his methods, making her deductions pointless.


 “Fang Yuan, you are really well-prepared for this battle, you have been changing your killer moves so frequently, I am really curious how long can you continue this for?”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable spoke while using a killer move.


 This wisdom path killer move was formless and invisible. It created a whirlwind out of thin air, but it did not target Fang Yuan, instead targeting the surrounding Primordial Domain.


 In an instant, all the areas of Primordial Domain within thousands of steps were emptied by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


 On the other side, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sent out golden light similarly, absorbing a small area of the Primordial Domain into his aperture.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with dark light.


 These two venerables had extraordinary methods, they had been absorbing Primordial Domain even during the battle.


 Fang Yuan’s accumulation was much inferior when compared to them.


 He had also tried, but did not find an effective method to collect the Primordial Domain, he could only watch as these two made gains.


 “Since it is so...”


 Fang Yuan resolutely activated a killer move.


 Flames flew and lightning shot out.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had been collecting Primordial Domain when the lightning-fire wave formed by Fang Yuan’s killer move swept over and emptied out the areas of Primordial Domain around him.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun failed to gain anything, but he remained silent.


 Fang Yuan activated another move.


 Strong winds blew, an ice storm filled the area.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was implicated once again, the areas of Primordial Domain he was about to absorb into his immortal aperture were destroyed once again.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun clenched his teeth while taking a look at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan activated another move.


 Eerie souls moved and golden light shone, destroying all the surrounding areas of Primordial Domain.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could not help but glance at each other; the former was no longer smiling, while the latter’s eyes were twitching.


 “If I can’t have it, you can also stop dreaming about it!”


 With this thought, Fang Yuan attacked without any restraint.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun needed some time to collect the Primordial Domain, flaws appeared during this process.


 Fang Yuan was directly destroying Primordial Domain, which was much faster and more convenient.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was interrupted again and again, but Fang Yuan used the excuse of attacking Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. He did not suffer restrictions from the alliance agreement, and there was no obvious point to criticize.


 He was really feeling impatient, as he transmitted his voice to Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan, let’s negotiate. If you block Star Constellation Immortal Venerable while I collect the Primordial Domain, we can split the gains with a seven-three ratio!”


 “No, I want half!” Fang Yuan immediately answered, as if he had been waiting for this.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was naturally unwilling: “Without my method, you won’t be able to collect even a portion of the Primordial Domain. If you dare to comprehend the Primordial Domain now, you will be met with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s attacks, the risk is too high.”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was not wrong.


 It was not difficult to interrupt the instillation of Primordial Domain.


 But even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not dare to comprehend Primordial Domain while fighting, and was only trying her best to collect it.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun put forward a fair argument, but Fang Yuan paid him no attention.


 Boom...


 Lightning exploded and qi waves rose as the surrounding Primordial Domain was once again destroyed by Fang Yuan’s killer move.


 Primordial Domain might have been a secluded domain of heaven and earth, but it was different from Book Mountain and Dang Hun Mountain, it was fragile.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun gritted his teeth.


 Fang Yuan used actions to tell him: It had to be fifty-fifty! If you don’t agree, then even you, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, won’t get any Primordial Domain.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could only relent: “Alright, we will split it fifty-fifty!”


 Fang Yuan continued: “Giant Sun, can I trouble you to put half of the Primordial Domain in treasure yellow heaven at your own convenience?”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could not help but open his eyes wide.


 Fang Yuan urged: “Don’t worry, with me disturbing her with all my strength, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will not be able to collect much of Primordial Domain.”


 These words were a reminder to him: Look, Heavenly Court is still our biggest enemy. Also, weakening Heavenly Court was also Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s intention all along.


 “Alright.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sent half of his Primordial Domain into treasure yellow heaven to express his sincerity.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, attacking Star Constellation Immortal Venerable even more fiercely.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was only one person, she was starting to suffer losses after Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan collaborated to target her.



***
Chapter 2187 - This Rascal Fang Yuan!


***





 Chapter 2187: This Rascal Fang Yuan! 

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable fell into a disadvantage.


 Fang Yuan was in charge of disturbing her, while Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was collecting Primordial Domain. Although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also obtained some with difficulty, her opportunities were decreasing rapidly as she fought with Fang Yuan.


 After this situation lasted for a while, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made a decision.


 She resolutely activated a killer move, attacking Primordial Domain!


 The Primordial Domain’s stability was like an avalanche, at first it was only a small piece that got affected, but in just a short while, the collapse became increasingly severe.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun gave a shout, sending out a golden-red aurora light.


 He succeeded in obstructing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s killer move; however, she activated the killer move again.


 “Fang Yuan!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun shouted.


 Even without Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s reminder, Fang Yuan was already attacking fiercely to force Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to defend and give up on destroying Primordial Domain.


 This time, it was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s turn to use killer moves continuously.


 Since the battle started, this was the first time she had taken the initiative to attack!


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s response was not fast enough. Many of these offensive methods were used for the first time by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was not able to effectively block them.


 Rumble...


 After dozens of moves, Primordial Domain was completely destroyed.


 Most of the destruction was done by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 “Star Constellation, you live up to your reputation!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun praised in amazement.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable saw that her efficiency in collecting Primordial Domain could not compare to Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s joint effort, so she directly attacked Primordial Domain instead.


 Such decisiveness and rationality, she was indeed an Immortal Venerable of human history, the second generation Immortal King of Heavenly Court!


 “Hmm? This place is...” Fang Yuan’s expression was slightly strange.


 Primordial Domain was completely destroyed, but he did not fall down from the sky, instead, he found himself in a void.


 There was no trace of the worlds of the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave.


 “This is Crazed Demon Cave’s ninth layer!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun said.


 He slowly flew over and stood a hundred steps away from Fang Yuan as they faced Star Constellation Immortal Venerable together.


 Previously, Heavenly Court used Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance and the captives in Divine Emperor City to lure Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun into taking action, giving them time to seize the Primordial Domain.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan responded extremely quickly, mobilizing all their forces without caring for consequences.


 Heavenly Court had experienced the fate war and were no longer in their prime condition, they could not block the joint attack of the two forces.


 Since they could not seize it, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could only choose the next best alternative, she directly flew into Primordial Domain and raised her wisdom path to supreme grandmaster attainment level.


 However, Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, and other pseudo venerables also entered Primordial Domain.


 The battle situation gradually escaped from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s grasp, forcing her to destroy the whole of Primordial Domain.


 Primordial Domain was not seized by her, it was actually still in the ninth layer. The moment Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Fang Yuan, and other immortals entered Primordial Domain, they had also entered Crazed Demon Cave’s ninth layer!


 “The void in this ninth layer is far smaller than the eighth layer. Is this the truthful floating ice depicted in >?”


 Fang Yuan stared at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable while also noticing the mysterious floating ice behind her.


 These bluish-white floating pieces of ice were of all sizes and had a huge quantity. They were floating quietly, they did not rotate by themselves, but because of the attractive forces between them, they flew around in groups. All the flying floating ice groups were slowly orbiting around the center.


 From afar, these orbiting pieces of truthful floating ice looked like a giant ball on the whole.


 The truthful floating ice’s orbit was filled with mysterious profundity, Fang Yuan felt dizzy after just taking several glances.


 He intuitively sensed that these truthful floating ice pieces were continuing to grow bigger.


 “Looks like this formation is the foundation for the construction of the whole of Crazed Demon Cave. Book Mountain and Primordial Domain are the cores that Heavenly Court took out from this formation.”


 “Amazing, truly incredible!”


 “This rank nine formation keeps on orbiting and deducing, these truthful floating ice pieces are its gains. Those dead Gu Immortals and immortal apertures in the eighth layer are the fuel for this formation and also the clues for deductions.”


 “If so, the derivation Gu recorded in > and Limitless Demon Venerable’s study of eternal life are at the center of the formation?”


 Just as Fang Yuan was thinking this, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun shouted in a cold tone.


 At the next moment, a luck path killer move pierced through Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable dissipated like a bubble.


 Her true body appeared, but it was no longer in front of Fang Yuan, she had already entered the rank nine formation.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s expression sank slightly: “Such a good method, this illusion was destroyed with one touch, but even I was unable to detect it was a fake. If not for a fluctuation in my luck, I would still have no clue. We need to move quickly! Limitless Demon Venerable used everything to arrange Crazed Demon Cave and it has been deducing for over a million years. We can’t let these gains go to Heavenly Court.”


 Why would Fang Yuan hesitate, he immediately moved with Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and arrived at the periphery of the formation.


 The two immortals stopped.


 “This formation is really terrifying, all the truthful floating ice are formation cores and also the safest places. All the other areas besides them are extremely dangerous. If we stop at other areas, we will be crushed by the formation.”


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped as he saw this.


 This rank nine formation’s crushing force came from the fusion of sacrificing countless Gu Immortals and great worlds, even he would not be able to endure it.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun inspected for a bit and jumped on a piece of truthful floating ice.


 Be they the leading Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, they both made the same choice. Fang Yuan was naturally going to follow them.


 He jumped on an elephant sized truthful floating ice.


 The moment he stepped on the floating ice, a strong guilty conscience attacked Fang Yuan’s heart, like he was a bandit that had invaded a peaceful village.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed slightly as he quickly resisted this strong emotion.


 After adapting to it, Fang Yuan jumped to the second truthful floating ice.


 This time, an intense sadness engulfed his heart, the intensity was higher than before.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and adapted to it with difficulty.


 He looked ahead, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had already jumped to the fifth truthful floating ice, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was far ahead, already at the central area of the formation.


 “I don’t have time!” Fang Yuan was hurried, he quickly jumped to the third floating ice.


 The outcome of the fight in the Primordial Domain was not ideal to Fang Yuan.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were likely to have already regained their supreme grandmaster attainment level, while Fang Yuan’s refinement path was still lacking.


 However, since the opponent was the grand Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, this outcome was also within Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 The Primordial Domain’s battle was already like that, he could not let these two venerables get their hands on Limitless Demon Venerable’s eternal life research results as well.


 “Eternal life ... eternal life...” Fang Yuan mumbled.


 Reaching eternal life was Fang Yuan’s goal and dream, even if he did not obtain it, he could not let it fall into other people’s hands.


 The deeper into the formation, the higher the intensity of the emotions brought by the truthful floating ice.


 These emotions were of all kinds, some were happiness, some were grief, some were sadness, some were anger...


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was still taking the lead.


 Her advantage in this formation was extremely obvious!


 Firstly, the game of chess back then was the fight between Limitless’ will and Star Constellation’s will.


 Secondly, Heavenly Court had already begun infiltrating three hundred thousand years ago, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s Green Lotus Great World was the best proof.


 Lastly, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path.


 Wisdom path had three aspects, thought, will, and emotion.


 Dealing with emotions and even using them to battle was what wisdom path was most proficient in.


 With all these reasons, it was no wonder Star Constellation Immortal Venerable rushed to the formation instead of fighting.


 “But....” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stepped on a truthful floating ice and gazed back, her brows slightly furrowed.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was rushing forward, constantly drawing nearer to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was not surprised about this.


 The deeper into the formation, the more terrifying the intensity of the emotions and the more obstruction they created for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had not hesitated to leave Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace behind to take part in the deductions. He himself had seized Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s Savage Wilderness Great World in his era.


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable came after Limitless Demon Venerable.


 When Reckless Savage Demon Venerable entered Crazed Demon Cave, it was over a million years ago!


 Thus, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun also had a high understanding of Crazed Demon Cave.


 And his luck path methods also helped him to choose the most suitable path.


 “But why is Fang Yuan also getting close? It even seems like he is going to surpass Immortal Zombie Giant Sun?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned.


 This was beyond her expectations.


 Heavenly Court had naturally handed all the information about Fang Yuan to her.


 So, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knew Fang Yuan very well.


 She knew that although Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was also extremely high, his specialty was not in deducing but in guarding against others’ deductions.


 From this, it was clear that though Heavenly Court’s expedition against Fang Yuan had failed repeatedly, they had considerable gains as well.


 At least, under Heavenly Court’s pressure, Fang Yuan had to give up on deductions, the handling of emotions, and other aspects of wisdom path, he could concentrate only on raising his defense against deductions.


 Right now was obviously Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s time to profit, but how could Fang Yuan still pursue them closely?


 Not only was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable surprised, even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was astonished.


 He watched as Fang Yuan jumped forward rapidly and surpassed him!


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sensed a peculiar aura from Fang Yuan’s body.


 Suddenly, he understood the truth.


 “Fortitude Gu!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s mind jolted, gritting his teeth.


 He recognized the aura of fortitude Gu.


 Fang Yuan had never been good at hiding his aura, and there was also no need to hide it at this moment.


 “So it was him!”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun finally realized that the biggest mastermind who plotted against Hei Lou Lan in Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven was Fang Yuan!


 “This rascal took away fortitude Gu and ability Gu from Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven.”


 “These two strength path Immortal Gu are at rank eight...”


 “Fortitude Gu can suppress emotions, no wonder he is at ease in this formation!”


 “Don’t tell me, Myriad Beast Fusion Color Heaven is also Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s arrangement to help Fang Yuan?”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s thoughts started to run amok.


 He suddenly had a bad feeling.


 “Although I seized Savage Wilderness Great World, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable still arranged for Fang Yuan to obtain fortitude Gu and ability Gu... Then, the portion of Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance that I extracted before, could it also be bait arranged by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable?”



***
Chapter 2188 - Bedazzlement


***





 Chapter 2188: Bedazzlement 

 Northern Plains.


 Two figures were flying in the air and exchanging killer moves rapidly; air currents and thunder resounded constantly.


 Among them, the male immortal who was dressed in a white robe cultivated light path. He had a skinny body and a sharp face, and his eyes were small like beans.


 Meanwhile, the female immortal was covered in dark gold armor and was wearing a half mask, her every move was filled with domineering aura.


 Besides these two, there were over ten Gu Immortals watching the battle in the surroundings.


 “Big brother, quickly kill this bitch!” The female immortal Liu Luo shouted with her gaze fixed on the battlefield.


 Beside her were Liu tribe’s Gu Immortal elders.


 Besides them, other Huang Jin tribe Gu Immortals also came, like Chanyu tribe’s Chanyu Xiong and Gong tribe’s Gong Tong Kuai.


 The male immortal in combat was a famous rank seven expert of Northern Plains’ righteous path — Liu Chang.


 The female immortal was Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan used Black Moon as her alias and challenged experts everywhere. After defeating Chen Cheng and Yin Wu Que, she continued to challenge lone and demonic immortal experts. She was not defeated even once, her reputation rose rapidly, shocking Northern Plains.


 The two siblings Liu Chang and Liu Luo had failed to recruit Yin Wu Que, and even came into conflict with Hei Lou Lan.


 To take revenge, Liu Chang publicly challenged Fairy Black Moon.


 Once the news got out, it immediately shocked Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 This battle was the result of that!


 Immortal killer move — Light Horse Crossing.


 Liu Chang activated a killer move, a small steed appeared below his legs, carrying him into the sky with a rapid speed.


 This movement killer move was exceptional, it allowed Liu Chang to maintain a fixed distance from Hei Lou Lan throughout the battle.


 After the loss against Hei Lou Lan the previous time, Liu Chang sensibly chose a long ranged battle tactic in this battle.


 “Big brother, this is it!” Let that bitch suffer more and die in vain later! Hahaha.” Liu Luo cheered on Liu Chang with a shrill voice, her laughter was very painful to the ears.


 But right at this time, Hei Lou Lan’s figure disappeared from her spot.


 It was an illusion!


 “When did she do it?” Liu Chang was shocked and knew he was tricked, subconsciously dodging.


 But Hei Lou Lan’s true body immediately appeared behind him.


 Bam bam bam...


 Fist shadows rained down and enveloped Liu Chang firmly.


 Liu Chang screamed while trying his best to activate defensive killer moves to endure the beating.


 Liu Luo’s laughter stopped abruptly.


 Hei Lou Lan’s attacks were extremely fierce, even the Gu Immortal spectators felt their eyelids twitch.


 “Great!”


 “Awesome beating.”


 “She finally caught this crafty Liu Chang!”


 Among the spectators, the lone and demonic immortals cheered and praised.


 In this group, besides Chen Cheng, Wu Guang, and Yin Wu Que, there were also many other people.


 Some of these people were defeated by Hei Lou Lan, while some heard of Hei Lou Lan’s deeds and followed her of their own accord.


 “Lady Black Moon has the upper hand.” Wu Guang transmitted his voice while smiling.


 “Don’t you feel that Lady Black Moon has grown stronger recently? Now that I think of it, Lady Black Moon has been challenging others continuously, her battle strength has been rising during these challenges. Brother Wu, could it be that you don’t sense it?” Yin Wu Que was bewildered.


 Wu Guang mumbled, shaking his head and transmitting his voice: “I also noticed it. But how could there be such rapid progress and growth in this world? It might be that Lady Black Moon was hiding her strength before, or maybe she had been in closed cultivation all this time and started to connect her methods with the increase in her battle experience, thus, it caused us to feel that her battle strength is increasing rapidly.”


 Yin Wu Que nodded and was about to speak, when there was a change in the battle.


 Gu Immortal Liu Chang was indeed worthy of being a famous expert in Northern Plains, after some efforts, he finally escaped from Hei Lou Lan’s attack range.


 Hei Lou Lan naturally did not want to let him go and immediately gave chase.


 But Liu Chang suddenly stopped, smiling darkly towards her: “Black Moon, you have fallen into my trap!”


 Immortal killer move — Bedazzlement!


 In an instant, intense light exploded, enveloping the whole battlefield.


 The Gu Immortal spectators closed their eyes immediately, even Hei Lou Lan shut her eyes subconsciously.


 But when she opened her eyes again, the scene was still completely white.


 She was struck by the killer move bedazzlement, her vision turned into a scene of white and she could no longer see.


 “Damn it, Liu Chang actually learned this killer move.”


 “No wonder he was not afraid to openly challenge Lady Black Moon!”


 “This move is Liu tribe’s trump card method. Once a Gu cultivator is hit with this move, it will be extremely difficult for them to recover unless they use Liu tribe’s special recovery method.”


 Many lone and demonic immortals had changed expressions, the mood immediately became heavy.


 This battle was not just a simple fight between Liu Chang and Hei Lou Lan.


 In the current situation, this battle already held much political meaning.


 Fairy Black Moon, who had no roots or background, represented the lone immortal faction. While Liu Chang represented Northern Plains’ righteous path.


 Ever since the fate war, Northern Plains’ Longevity Heaven had been actively uniting Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 Lone and demonic experts like Yin Wu Que were actively recruited by the Huang Jin tribes, and the recruitment process was extremely forceful.


 So be it for the few lone immortals who were willing to accept this, however, the main thing was that most of the lone immortals and demonic immortals rejected this. But being lone forces, they did not want to offend those Northern Plains righteous path forces, so they kept silent even though they were furious.


 Under this situation, Hei Lou Lan’s appearance was like a rallying banner for these Gu Immortals.


 Hei Lou Lan dared to issue challenges everywhere without fearing the Huang Jin tribes, which gave these lone and demonic immortals a huge boost of morale.


 Especially now that Snowy Mountain blessed land was destroyed and the demonic head Old Ancestor Xue Hu had hidden himself, the lone and demonic cultivators needed a leader.


 Because of this, Wu Guang, Yin Wu Que, and others followed Hei Lou Lan on their own initiative. Many lone and demonic immortals came to observe this battle and support Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was struck by the killer move and could not see anything. These Gu Immortals became extremely anxious and worried.


 Liu Chang easily retreated, smiling.


 Immortal killer move — Vitality Glow.


 His injuries began to heal slowly.


 Immortal killer move — Gleaming Light.


 Light shone around him, like countless gleaming fish scales.


 “This is not good!” Chen Cheng frowned, “This move restricts investigative methods.”


 Yin Wu Que and Wu Guang stopped conversing secretly as they fixed their gazes on the battlefield.


 Even if Gu Immortals could not see, they had all kinds of investigative methods. But with Liu Chang using this killer move, other investigative methods might be useless.


 Since she could not see, Hei Lou Lan simply closed her eyes.


 She was not panicking, instead, she sighed lightly: “Liu Chang, oh Liu Chang, it is such a pity, you missed your final chance.”


 Liu Chang was stunned before scoffing: “Fairy Black Moon, who are you trying to bluff? You have already lost, how can you counter my Liu tribe’s bedazzlement killer move in this battle? There is no use in stalling for time!”


 Hei Lou Lan did not retort.


 She replied to him with her actions.


 A killer move was activated.


 Immortal killer move — Dark Capital Strength Biao!


 A black tiger condensed into solid form.


 “This move again?” A trace of solemness flashed on Liu Chang’s face.


 “It is different now!” Yin Wu Que’s eyes shone, “This dark gold tiger seems to have grown wings?!”


 “What? I didn’t see it clearly.” Wu Guang quickly replied.


 The moment the totem black tiger condensed, it disappeared, many including Wu Guang did not see it properly.


 “Where is it? Does it have the ability to hide itself?” Liu Chang’s expression changed slightly as he activated investigative methods.


 But at the next moment, his pupils shrank to pin size, his face was filled with shock and horror.


 The giant dark gold tiger appeared behind him!


 Whoosh.


 The tiger swatted, sending Liu Chang flying like a rubber ball.


 Howling winds rang past Liu Chang’s ears while his vision spun like a whirlpool, he felt terrified internally.


 That attack had huge strength, almost destroying his defensive killer move.


 “It is not that the black tiger has a concealment method, the reason is its speed, it is too fast, simply too fast to react to!”


 The dark gold tiger’s speed was so fast that it had already surpassed the limit of what the Gu Immortals’ naked eyes could perceive. It was like a phantom, appearing and disappearing suddenly.


 Every time it appeared, it sent Liu Chang flying.


 Liu Chang was completely at a disadvantage with no strength to retaliate.


 If he could use light horse crossing, he might be able to escape for some time. But right now, he had fallen into a passive position and had to focus all his strength in maintaining his defensive methods, otherwise, he might be turned into meat paste by the black tiger.


 Rumble!


 The black tiger’s strike sent Liu Chang flying to the ground.


 Dust clouds rose, a deep crater formed, Liu Chang remained unmoving, he had fallen unconscious.


 “Brother!” Liu Luo screamed shrilly, pointing at Hei Lou Lan, “You bitch, you killed my brother. How dare you do this! I want you to die, I want you to die!”


 She was about to charge forward but was stopped firmly by a Liu tribe elder.


 Right at this time, a feeling of joy spread in her heart.


 Liu Luo was stunned.


 She felt incredulous at herself: “Big brother is in such a state but I feel happy?!”


 The other righteous path immortals also had a change in their expressions, they were all feeling happiness.


 Gong Tong Kuai slightly shook his head to calm himself, saying in a quiet voice: “Liu tribe’s fairy, please don’t be anxious, Brother Liu is not dead yet.”


 “Calm down, so many people are looking, don’t cause Liu tribe to lose face!” A Liu tribe elder berated and flew towards the battlefield.


 He cupped his fists towards Hei Lou Lan: “Fairy Black Moon, you have won this battle.”


 He had just said that, when he almost started crying.


 An intense wave of sadness filled his heart.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded: “Okay, so what about this battle’s wager?”


 She did not feel well either.


 First was the baffling happiness, followed by the intense sadness, what in the world was going on?


 Liu tribe’s elder forcefully calmed down, replying to Hei Lou Lan: “It has been sent to treasure yellow heaven.”


 Since Liu Chang lost, and with so many people watching, Liu tribe’s elder had to openly send a considerable amount of cultivation resources to treasure yellow heaven.


 Treasure yellow heaven had treasure light to distinguish value of the items, at the same time, it also showed Liu tribe’s openness and upright handling of the loss.


 The immortals present used their Gu worms to connect to treasure yellow heaven, they saw Liu tribe’s wager indeed.


 “That secluded domain of heaven and earth is still there!”


 “More accurately, this is a portion of the Primordial Domain.”


 “I wonder which great expert is openly transacting the Primordial Domain!”


 The Gu Immortals’ attention was drawn to another direction.


 Not long ago, a portion of the Primordial Domain had appeared in treasure yellow heaven, shocking the entire five regions’ Gu Immortal world.


 Yin Wu Que shouted to bring back the attention of the immortals: “According to the agreement, please dispel the bedazzlement killer move on Fairy Black Moon’s body.”


 “Naturally.” Liu tribe’s elder used a killer move straightforwardly, restoring Hei Lou Lan’s vision.


 Hei Lou Lan slightly nodded at the Liu tribe elder, and withdrew the dark capital strength biao which was beside Liu Chang.


 This totem killer move had gone through modifications, its battle strength surged and it had already become her unique method!


 Chen Cheng breathed a sigh of relief when he saw this: “Lady Black Moon’s reputation is going to rise even higher.”


 Liu Luo carried Liu Chang, while saying with hatred: “Black Moon, don’t be pleased with yourself. Our righteous path is filled with experts, you might have won against brother by chance, but can you win against others? Let’s not talk of others, just Chu tribe’s first supreme elder Chu Du is someone you won’t be able to surpass.”


 However, right at this time, an intense emotion of affection rose in her heart.


 Liu Luo’s expression turned twisted immediately.


 “What’s going on! Why do I have such a strong feeling of affection when I look at this Black Moon whore?”


 Hei Lou Lan did not feel well either, but her expression did not change as she sneered: “Chu Du? I have heard of his name, he also cultivates strength path. I am challenging him next!”


 The lone and demonic immortals’ expressions changed.



***
Chapter 2189 - The Answer To Eternal Life


***





 Chapter 2189: The Answer To Eternal Life 

 Crazed Demon Cave.


 Ninth layer.


 Four Gu Immortals arrived at the periphery of the Crazed Demon formation.


 “This is the truthful floating ice?” Zhan Bu Du’s eyebrows rose.


 “Seems like it is not easy to enter deep into this formation.” Qi Sea Ancestor was solemn. Unlike the main body, they did not have the assistance of fortitude Gu.


 “Star Constellation is at the front, nearest to the center of the formation. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is second, while Fang Yuan is the last.” Lu Wei Yin’s heart tensed up as he looked ahead.


 Fang Yuan did not have the upper hand, so Lu Wei Yin had to do his best to help him!


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue stared at the formation in front of him, he mumbled softly as if recalling something of the past: “Limitless, this fellow...”


 He leaped forward and stepped on a piece of truthful floating ice.


 The other three immortals glanced at each other before moving as well.


 The record in > was true, the pieces of the truthful floating ice were of different sizes and shapes in the eyes of different people, the emotional impact they felt were different as well.


 Because of this, Gu Immortals could not move forward in a group. The best method was to move alone, choosing the floating ice most suitable for oneself.


 Fang Yuan had been maintaining the activation of fortitude Gu.


 This Gu was only at rank eight level, while this Crazed Demon formation was as high as rank nine.


 The deeper he went into the formation, the stronger the emotions he felt. When he had just activated fortitude Gu, these emotions could be ignored and he did not feel anything.


 But now, Fang Yuan felt like when he had just stepped on the formation and started probing it.


 As for Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, after these two recognized Fang Yuan’s method, they brought out their trump cards.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun activated familial emotion Gu, sharing his emotions to others.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable brought out a mysterious secluded domain of heaven and earth!


 This secluded domain looked like a cage as well as a lantern, Fang Yuan could not help but recall a certain chapter in >.


 The two venerables’ foundation was much deeper than Fang Yuan’s.


 They had also made ample preparations for Crazed Demon Cave.


 Thus, Fang Yuan still fell back to the last position among the three.


 Fang Yuan did not give up, continuing to move forward while gritting his teeth.


 The situation was getting worse.


 The emotional impacts became stronger, shaking his mind and spirit.


 But Fang Yuan was happy instead.


 Since he was receiving such fierce emotional impacts here, the two venerables who were ahead would face even fiercer emotions.


 Fang Yuan’s perseverance soon got favorable results.


 The leading Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was moving increasingly slower, she needed to rest for a long while after stepping on a piece of the truthful floating ice before she could move forward.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s speed became slow, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was the same.


 Gradually, the distance between the three Gu Immortals started to shorten.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable often looked back, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun who was in the middle also stopped often and observed Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Fang Yuan. This was a difficult journey, the three immortals fully realized each other’s vast tenacity and patience.


 After this situation continued for a while, a change occurred.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suddenly spat out a mouthful of blood, she collapsed on the truthful floating ice.


 Her body flashed with deep blue starlight.


 After the starlight dimmed, it actually split into three, becoming three avatars again!


 “Could it be that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s revival is not complete and she has only revived temporarily? The stable state is still in the form of three pseudo venerables?” Fang Yuan’s thoughts shook.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun felt an urge to take action: “A chance!”


 He gritted his teeth and persevered, slowly surpassing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Star Constellation’s three avatars stopped on the same truthful floating ice, they were trying to recuperate as soon as possible.


 When Fang Yuan overtook them, he hesitated for a moment.


 Should he take advantage of this situation?


 Fang Yuan quickly suppressed this impulse.


 Right now, he was deep in Limitless’ Crazed Demon formation, if he were to even make an attack, he might trigger Limitless’ countermeasures. His situation might be even more severe than the Qi Sea clone’s.


 Moreover, if Fang Yuan were to fight with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, would it not be giving an advantage to Immortal Zombie Giant Sun?


 Look at Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, he directly went to the center of the formation without paying attention to Star Constellation’s three avatars.


 “If regaining supreme grandmaster attainment level gave these venerables the initiative, then gaining Limitless Demon Venerable’s deduction results might let the winner rise above other venerables!”


 Fang Yuan was increasingly certain of this speculation.


 “It is time!” Fang Yuan stopped on a truthful floating ice piece, enduring the vast emotional impact as he activated an immortal killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Calm and Steady!


 The killer move’s effect was immediate, the vast and strong emotions that were crushing Fang Yuan and almost destroyed his mental state disappeared almost completely.


 Fang Yuan possessed countless Immortal Gu recipes along with just as many killer moves.


 This calm and steady killer move was part of them.


 This move required two main cores, calm Gu and suppression Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not have calm Gu and was unable to refine immortal level calm Gu, but he had fortitude Gu. Previously, Fang Yuan had been moving while modifying the killer move, and was finally able to use this move now.


 As for suppression Gu, Fang Yuan had it.


 Speaking of which, he needed to thank Heavenly Court.


 Before the fate war, Fang Yuan had fought several battles with Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals in the River of Time. In one such battle, Fang Yuan destroyed the river suppression lotus sealing formation, obtaining suppression Gu from it.


 Suppression Gu was rank eight, fortitude Gu was also rank eight.


 The killer move with two rank eight cores would naturally have stronger effect than just fortitude Gu alone.


 Fang Yuan’s speed increased again!


 However, he had already been somewhat far from Immortal Zombie Giant Sun before, so despite trying his best, Fang Yuan could not catch up to him.


 “I did not expect Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to be the first to reach the center!” Lu Wei Yin heaved a deep sigh.


 Under Fang Yuan’s, Star Constellation’s three avatars, and other pseudo venerables’ gazes, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun suddenly stopped.


 He stopped on the truthful floating ice that could be said to be one step away from the largest truthful floating ice at the center.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun showed hesitation at this moment.


 What was he hesitating for?


 While he was hesitating, Fang Yuan caught up.


 “Fang Yuan, it is somewhat strange here.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun spoke.


 Ever since he and Fang Yuan entered the formation, they were competing secretly. The mood between the two became strained, this was their first conversation.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone as he carefully sized up the truthful floating ice in front of him. For a moment, he was unable to find any clues.


 But he did not take a risk to step forward.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was the best model.


 He was so close to success, but he still stopped. It could be seen that there was definitely something strange.


 “It is odd indeed.” Fang Yuan nodded, revealing an expression of realization.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was slightly surprised. The reason he stopped was because his luck path investigative killer move showed a slight fluctuation, making him feel something wrong, but he was unable to tell what it was. However, looking at Fang Yuan’s expression, did he realize a crucial point?


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had been putting a lot of attention on Fang Yuan.


 In his view: Fang Yuan was chosen by heaven’s will, he had talent that ordinary people could not match. To cause the destruction of fate Gu, many venerables helped Fang Yuan. Moreover, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, and Reckless Savage Demon Venerable were still helping him now!


 Even if Immortal Zombie Giant Sun did not think highly of Fang Yuan, he could not disregard the other venerables.


 So, he did not find it strange for Fang Yuan to see a crucial clue when he could not.


 “Please enlighten me on what you found out.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun said.


 Fang Yuan was surprised, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had the dignity of a grand venerable, but he actually took the initiative to ask for guidance with no mental obstruction.


 However, Fang Yuan had actually not noticed anything.


 Therefore, he first looked back at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Those three fairies were still at the original spot, resting with their eyes closed.


 Then, Fang Yuan looked at Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, smiling: “The eternal life research results are not easily obtained, but we can share them. Giant Sun, how do you want to pay?”


 No matter what the oddity was, he would first extort some benefits from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s eyes shone, he was just about to speak when a person actually came out of the truthful floating ice at the center.


 “Huh?” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s attention was immediately attracted.


 Fang Yuan was also stunned.


 Afterwards, Star Constellation’s three avatars, Lu Wei Yin and the rest also discovered this abnormality.


 A rank seven Gu Immortal came out of the truthful floating ice.


 Fang Yuan even recognized this rank seven Gu Immortal!


 It was Not Immortal of the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics!


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics were wisdom path Gu Immortal Secret Schemer, earth path Gu Immortal Pang Shan, and rule path Gu Immortal Not Immortal respectively.


 These three lived in Crazed Demon Cave, they had been trying to find a way to enter the deepest layer of Crazed Demon Cave, to obtain the secret of eternal life.


 Regarding this goal, they and Fang Yuan were kindred spirits.


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics did not have enough strength, they could not even enter the eighth layer, so they took in the strength path Gu Immortal Chu Du. Chu Du then invited Fang Yuan, which was how Fang Yuan entered Crazed Demon Cave.


 Later, to prepare for the fate war, Fang Yuan came to Crazed Demon Cave to invite the Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics to take part in the battle.


 The Three Crazed Demon Eccentrics agreed, but they were not seen throughout the fate war and even after it. Thus, they lost contact with Fang Yuan.


 Who could have thought that Not Immortal would actually appear here!


 Not Immortal looked at Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and was stunned, immediately showing a vigilant expression. He did not recognize Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, but from the terrifying aura, he knew this immortal zombie could not be provoked.


 He then looked at Fang Yuan, his brows rose as he revealed joy: “Fang Yuan, you are finally here!”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s mind jolted, he immediately turned around to look at Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan, you made such deep arrangements, I am in admiration.”


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “How could I possibly arrange this? Not Immortal, I wonder if Secret Schemer and Pang Shan...”


 Not Immortal immediately replied: “They are inside.”


 He then showed an ashamed expression: “The three of us agreed to your request to participate in the fate war and fight Heavenly Court. But that day, there was suddenly a change in Crazed Demon Cave, and us three were pulled into here. With Limitless Demon Venerable’s will’s guidance, we understood the full details.”


 “Because us three lived here for a long time, our sincerity was finally seen by Lord Limitless’ will. He arranged for us to be here to cooperate with the formation, by controlling practice Gu to carve this piece of truthful floating ice.”


 “Once all the worlds in the eighth layer are merged into one, they will disappear completely and turn into clues and energy for this Crazed Demon formation’s derivation. Then, we will finish carving this truthful floating ice and find the method of eternal life!”



***
Chapter 2190 - Star Constellation’s Scheme


***





 Chapter 2190: Star Constellation’s Scheme 

 “Method of eternal life?” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s eyes shined with bright light.


 Not Immortal did not hide anything. The immortals present on the scene were all peak experts of the current five regions, they all heard it.


 In an instant, the immortals’ hearts pounded with excitement.


 Gu Immortals could obtain longevity, but they were bound by lifespan, Fate, and other restrictions. Even though Fate was destroyed now, and lifespan restrictions were greatly relaxed, they could still be killed by a stronger enemy.


 Eternal life was absolutely greater than longevity.


 Speaking of longevity, the ten thousand years old turtle living in the sea could also be considered to have longevity, but it could not be considered to have eternal life.


 Eternal life meant that everyone and everything could not threaten the individual’s existence.


 It meant complete invincibility.


 Be it time, space, or living beings, none could threaten an entity with eternal life.


 The concept of eternal life was paramount and above all.


 Even venerables only had longevity and could not be said to have eternal life! Especially now that multiple venerables existed in the same era, they threatened each other’s existence.


 Shortly afterwards, there was commotion ahead. Secret Schemer also came out from the central truthful floating ice.


 Secret Schemer cultivated wisdom path, after seeing the situation in the formation, his mind shook as he quickly said: “Us three need to maintain the activation of practice Gu at all times, there has to be someone activating it and carving this truthful floating ice piece continuously.”


 “It is still too early now.”


 “It is not ready yet. The great worlds in the eighth layer are still not destroyed, so many lifeforms are still living.”


 Secret Schemer then urged: “Fang Yuan, I am aware of your goal. But right now, it is best if you don’t step in here. Us three have already used all kinds of methods, after we stepped on this truthful floating ice piece, we are unable to get off. That is, unless the derivation is complete or the formation is destroyed!”


 “He is right!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun nodded.


 After he stopped, he had been secretly activating methods to investigate and deduce.


 He still needed some time, but with Secret Schemer’s reply, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun checked it and realized Secret Schemer was not lying.


 Secret Schemer was solemn, but showed anticipation as well as resolution, continuing: “The most important thing now is to protect this formation and hasten Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements, letting this formation complete its derivation. Fang Yuan, we have the same goals, please protect the formation and guard against all these malicious characters. The three of us will stake everything including our lives to maintain the usage of practice Gu.”


 They did not know Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s true identity, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also split into three avatars, their intel seemed to stop at the period before the fate war.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved rapidly, he first nodded towards Secret Schemer before looking back at Star Constellation’s three avatars with a solemn expression.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sighed and turned to look at Star Constellation’s three avatars as well: “I don’t want us to be schemed against.”


 The moment he said that, Ming Hao, Yu Xiu, and Feng Ya opened their eyes.


 Starlight emerged as the three fairies converged once again.


 At the next moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable appeared.


 “Rise.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable said softly.


 There was a sudden change in Crazed Demon formation, the truthful floating ice’s orbiting speed became faster and seemed to trap Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun inside.


 Star Constellation’s will and Limitless’ will had been deriving heaven path research results using their game in Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court had infiltrated Crazed Demon formation deeply, they were able to take out the cores, Book Mountain and Primordial Domain, so how could they not know about the situation of Crazed Demon formation’s derivation?


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used this to exploit Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s lack of information. Her main body personally moved to lure Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun deep into Crazed Demon formation.


 Be it Primordial Domain or Crazed Demon formation, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan would not let Star Constellation Immortal Venerable obtain either easily.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used this to trap Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 Crazed Demon formation changed, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan quickly tried to get back.


 However, Crazed Demon formation had become a lot more dangerous than before. Truthful floating ice pieces even collided with each other, if they were careless and fell off the floating ice, they would be crushed to a pulp by the terrifying strength of the formation.


 Even if they wanted to jump to a different floating ice, they would need to deduce and wait till the formless force between the floating ice pieces weakened before they could take the risk.


 Fang Yuan was already deeply in danger as he hopped over several truthful floating ice pieces, he turned around and inquired loudly: “Secret Schemer, can you three control this formation?”


 Secret Schemer shook his head: “We three are only in charge of activating practice Gu.”


 Not Immortal was pale: “As expected of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, she actually infiltrated the formation to such a degree that she can even be considered half the formation’s owner. She activated the formation but did not influence its derivation, instead she is accelerating it; Limitless Demon Venerable’s arrangements will not trigger from this!”


 Secret Schemer replied in a loud voice: “Please don’t destroy these truthful floating ice pieces. They are all a part of the formation, this concerns the success or failure of the derivation. If you two make a move, you will definitely cause Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliative method to trigger!”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s expression became unsightly.


 “Friends, take a rest. We will exchange pointers later.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled and retreated after leaving behind these words.


 Lu Wei Yin and the other pseudo venerables instantly prepared themselves for this huge enemy.


 But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable ignored them, she flew out of the formation and disappeared into the void.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was worthy of being the number one person in wisdom path. Currently, Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were unable to get free, pseudo venerables like Qi Sea and Qi Jue would not be able to obstruct Star Constellation Immortal Venerable even if they hurried back to the eighth layer.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had infiltrated Crazed Demon formation to such a shocking degree. Once she unifies the great worlds in the eighth layer and gains a hold of all the sources of fuel and clues for Crazed Demon formation’s derivation, her grasp over Crazed Demon formation would rise massively!


 It was possible that Crazed Demon formation might even change owners!


 One could easily fall into a trap if they were careless when fighting against wisdom path Gu Immortals. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s scheme was the same, it progressed step by step and was interlinked with each step as it latched onto the enemy’s weaknesses; even Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could only fall into the trap unknowingly.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was solemn as he looked at Fang Yuan: “The situation is urgent, I wonder if Friend Fang Yuan has a good plan?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head, sighing indifferently: “This Crazed Demon Cave battle has ended in Heavenly Court’s victory. They have prepared for many years and spent a lot of energy, and with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable leading them, it is only natural for them to gain victory. Looks like Heavenly Court is still going to lead the five regions for a long time. But as long as I have a breath left in me, I won’t let Heavenly Court have an easy time.”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun stared at Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan did not look at him, he was continuously deducing the violent formation, looking like he wanted to retreat.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun gritted his teeth before laughing and shaking his hand: “Friend Fang Yuan, it is too early to be discouraged, please look at my method!”


 At the next moment, golden light spread out from Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s body.


 The threads of golden light shone on the surrounding truthful floating ice pieces, constantly dying the floating ice pieces with a golden hue.


 At the same time, a majestic rank eight Immortal Gu House flew over from outside the formation.


 It was Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace!


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace stopped outside the formation for a while before entering the formation directly.


 Lu Wei Yin and the rest exclaimed in surprise, thinking that Immortal Zombie Giant Sun wanted to break out forcibly.


 However, Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace safely entered and orbited alongside other truthful floating ice pieces. It acted like a piece of truthful floating ice as well, just that its appearance was somewhat strange.


 “Friend Giant Sun, you have a great method!” Fang Yuan could not help as he praised.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun snorted: “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could infiltrate the formation, but my luck path methods are also not inferior. It is just that before the formation stops, I won’t be able to take out Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace. Let’s leave quickly!”


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace took part in the operation of Crazed Demon formation, so Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could also influence this formation now.


 He also copied Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and accelerated the formation; at the same time, he made a way out conveniently.


 Relying on this, he and Fang Yuan retreated together.


 As for Lu Wei Yin, Qi Sea and the rest, they were also brought away by Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun to the eighth layer.


 In this while of delay, the combat in the eighth layer had almost stopped completely.


 Heavenly Court was victorious!


 Only half of Longevity Heaven’s Eight Extremities remained, Bing Sai Chuan was also severely injured.


 The casualties on Fang Yuan’s side were even more severe. Experts like Xiao He Jian and Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch had perished.


 “Star Constellation!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun shouted with fury as he charged forward.


 This time, he was much more active than in the Primordial Domain.


 Fang Yuan moved right behind him.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable remained at her spot and did not evade.


 The other immortals quickly got out of the way in panic.


 Boom boom boom!


 The three sided battle erupted once again.



***
Chapter 2191 - Fighting And Entering The Immortal Graveyard


***





 Chapter 2191: Fighting And Entering The Immortal Graveyard 

 Rumble...


 Thunder rumbled ceaselessly. Immortal Zombie Giant Sun breathed out countless golden rays; Star Constellation Immortal Venerable emitted beautiful starlight; Fang Yuan’s killer moves engulfed the battlefield.


 Worlds shook like a huge pancake, mountains and rivers continued to be destroyed completely.


 In such a battlefield, the three great worlds became food on a chopping board.


 Fang Yuan breathed out indifferently; countless sword qi flew out like lumps of clouds, blocking the starlight. He then pushed with his hand as another killer move shot out like a divine wind that roared like dragons or tigers.


 Fang Yuan was not able to do anything more than that in combat.


 He had too many dao marks, his killer moves were also too powerful. He could only choose the weakest among those to use.


 In fact, although the fight between the three was filled with explosions, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were also like Fang Yuan, they were holding back.


 This was not Primordial Domain.


 They could show their skills fully in Primordial Domain, but this was the eighth layer. Crazed Demon formation still needed the great worlds to act as clues and fuel, if this place was destroyed, it would definitely trigger Limitless Demon Venerable’s retaliative measures.


 “But it doesn’t matter, we only need to restrain Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.” Fang Yuan was happy to accept this outcome.


 Both him and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were delayed in Crazed Demon formation, resulting in Heavenly Court’s victory in the fight between the great worlds.


 With their return now, another change emerged in the overall battle situation.


 Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun joined hands to obstruct Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, while Zhan Bu Du and the rest counterattacked.


 Qi waves surged as Demon Immortal Qi Jue ran rampant in the battlefield.


 The phantom image of the damaged Xi Land appeared above his head, facing Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch and Shabi Ninety-five once again.


 Shabi Ninety-five roared towards the sky as it charged into the battle.


 Immortal killer move — Xi Xi!


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue was already prepared, immediately using his strongest method. Shabi Ninety-five’s qi path killer move was absorbed by Xi Land, increasing Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s foundation.


 Shabi Ninety-five got a huge fright, retreating quickly.


 If not for Xi Land being damaged and only thirty percent of it remaining, even some parts of Shabi Ninety-five’s body would have been devoured.


 “Senior, let me lend you a hand!” At the crucial moment, an Immortal Gu House in the shape of a tombstone flew over.


 It was Gu Yue Fang Zheng in Demon Judgment Board.


 Immortal killer move — Blood Extraction Light!


 A scarlet blood light pillar pierced the skies and shot towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 “If not for my Xi Land being damaged and only thirty percent of it remaining...” Demon Immortal Qi Jue flew away, dodging this vast attack.


 Right at this time, a qi wall suddenly spread out and seemed to connect heaven and earth, it suppressed Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals.


 Qi Sea Ancestor had made his move.


 There was similarly a secluded domain of heaven and earth above his head, it was Hu Land.


 Using Hu Land as the core, his various qi path killer moves had boundless might and unparalleled vastness.


 Qi wall killer move was originally only limited to defending, but Qi Sea Ancestor did the opposite, spreading it to entrap enemies.


 Even Demon Immortal Qi Jue was surprised at such power.


 He took several glances at Hu Land specially, commenting inwardly: “Truly the secluded domain of heaven and earth that is comparable to Xi Land. It is just that Xi Land is good at absorbing, while Hu Land is specialized in releasing. If both lands were gathered and used together in a complete circulation...”


 Boom boom boom.


 On the other side, Zhan Bu Du wore the blood-red cape and moved like a flash of red lightning.


 Everywhere he went, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were beaten badly.


 Qing Chou was already killed by Qi Sea Ancestor’s Hu elevation, even if it was revived, it would need to recuperate for a long time in Divine Emperor City, and would not be able to participate in the battle for this period of time.


 Without Qing Chou and the fact that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was unable to use her full strength, the bulky Zhan Bu Du once again became a headache for Heavenly Court!


 Zhan Bu Du tore through the sky, closing in on Duke Mei.


 “Duke Mei, careful!” Duke Tong shouted while hurrying from afar.


 Duke Mei shouted with fury: “Junior, don’t be arrogant!”


 He activated his strongest method, his eyebrows and hair fluttered and grew tens of feet long.


 His snow white hair could become hard and soft, it was used for both attack and defense. The skillful series of moves even immobilized the violently charging Zhan Bu Du.


 Zhan Bu Du only felt that he could not use his strength. His violent force was diverted and dispelled, it was very stifling.


 He immediately opened his mouth and roared, yellow lightning erupted from his roar, destroying the countless hair in his surroundings like they were dry twigs.


 A part of the incomplete freedom transformation was thunder rush yellow bird transformation. This move was a fierce and powerful method that shot yellow lightning, its power was magnified several times in Zhan Bu Du’s hands.


 Zhan Bu Du broke through the obstacles and arrived before Duke Mei, directly punching ahead.


 Duke Mei’s killer move was broken, the backlash caused him to reveal a weakness. He dodged a second late as the punch broke his head like a watermelon, his brain matter splattering everywhere.


 Duke Mei died but his phantom aperture that contained all kinds of Gu worms, immortal essence, and immortal essence stones flew towards the immortal graveyard.


 Zhan Bu Du tried to catch it but the phantom aperture passed through his palm like an illusion.


 Seeing Duke Mei dying right before him, Duke Tong shouted furiously: “Demon, you will pay with your life!”


 His muscles that were bulging and shining with brass luster rained down punches after punches. Every punch broke through the sound barrier and had horrifying momentum.


 Zhan Bu Du laughed fiercely: “Come at me.”


 He charged head-on and fought Duke Tong in close combat without dodging.


 Bam bam bam!


 Punches and kicks interchanged, Zhan Bu Du just attacked without defending. Duke Tong’s punches struck his body, the pain made Zhan Bu Du attack even more wildly.


 Soon, Duke Tong was unable to hold on and fell into disadvantage.


 Heavenly Court Gu Immortals hurried over to reinforce him, using all kinds of killer moves to attack Zhan Bu Du.


 Zhan Bu Du’s movements slowed down immediately as he was attacked by lightning, golden spears, and so on.


 His robust body shook slightly, he endured it all and grabbed Duke Tong’s hand.


 “You can’t run away!” Zhan Bu Du laughed malevolently, exerting strength in his hand.


 Crack, Duke Tong’s large and rough arm was broken completely!


 Duke Tong shouted in pain, his leg kicked like a whip, creating countless leg shadows that drowned Zhan Bu Du.


 Zhan Bu Du’s eyes shone with a fierce light as he punched Duke Tong’s chest.


 The two immortals staked their lives in attacking the other, blood and flesh splattered everywhere.


 Duke Tong kicked Zhan Bu Du’s two shoulders again and again, Zhan Bu Du’s neck and face turned purple from a lack of blood flow. While his rib bones were shattered, his heart that had no protection was also destroyed by Zhan Bu Du!


 Duke Tong’s heart was destroyed, but he still roared and continued to attack.


 Zhan Bu Du gave an evil grin, he stretched out his hands like a bear and clasped Duke Tong’s head.


 Zhan Bu Du pressed viciously; first, he pressed his thumbs into Duke Tong’s eyes, squeezing the eyeballs till they burst. Shortly after, with a crisp crack, Duke Tong’s head broke into pieces.


 Finally, Zhan Bu Du clenched his fingers, crushing Duke Tong’s brains, his face, and the crushed head together.


 Only then did Duke Tong’s attacks stop, his body fell while his phantom aperture flew away with his Immortal Gu.


 Zhan Bu Du’s gaze was vicious as he followed the phantom aperture, his gaze landing on the immortal graveyard.


 Just as he was about to charge into the immortal graveyard, an Immortal Gu House flew over and blocked his path.


 Divine Emperor City!


 Zhan Bu Du showed a solemn expression, he restrained his fearless momentum slightly.


 After all, Divine Emperor City had the strength of painting path, Zhan Bu Du could not defend against it; if he was careless, he would also be captured and sealed in painting world by Divine Emperor City.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable resisted Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan while observing the whole battlefield, a trace of worry showed up on her face.


 Heavenly Court lacked manpower. They could have the upper hand if they just fought Fang Yuan or Longevity Heaven. But when these two sides allied, they were in disadvantage.


 Especially now that she was tied up and Heavenly Court lacked pseudo venerable battle strength, Heavenly Court was being beaten back by Zhan Bu Du and the rest’s crazed attacks.


 Immortal killer move — Humble Reciprocation!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable moved her left palm, a small phantom image of Book Mountain floated on it.


 Thousands of killer moves bloomed like fireworks or like a chaotic tidal wave as they poured out in a torrent.


 These killer moves had their respective target, each targeting their original owners. Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Qi Sea Ancestor, Zhan Bu Du, and the rest were ‘taken care of’, they had no choice but to divert their attention and focus on defending.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was also engulfed by golden rays, he was also targeted by humble reciprocation.


 Undoubtedly, this move was truly suitable for the current situation.


 It was not that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not have powerful methods like Hu elevation, but if she used them, it would trigger Limitless’ countermeasures.


 And humble reciprocation was only ‘returning’ the other Gu Immortals’ attacks, the power of each move was not high and did not cross Limitless’ bottom line.


 At the same time, these killer moves targeted their original owners and not the three great worlds. Their owners had to focus on defending instead, this greatly stabilized Heavenly Court’s situation.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was holding Book Mountain while pointing with another hand; stardust shot towards Fang Yuan.


 She needed to pin down Fang Yuan herself.


 Because Fang Yuan’s killer moves could not be ‘returned’ by humble reciprocation.


 These killer moves were compound killer moves, only Fang Yuan with his sovereign physique could use them. So, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had to target Fang Yuan herself.


 Fang Yuan gave a cold snort, suddenly using the compound killer move wind-light-fire-lightning wheel!


 This move was modified from fire-wind wheel, adding in profundities of light path and lightning path.


 Five rings surrounded Fang Yuan, the five rings rotated and carried him away rapidly.


 Fang Yuan had been secretly inspecting and discovered that the aura of Heavenly Court’s immortal graveyard kept on growing stronger, it was extremely odd. With Book Mountain already in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s immortal aperture, only the immortal graveyard was left outside. It was a vital area of Heavenly Court!


 Humble reciprocation burdened the mind and consumed too much thoughts, even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was burdened.


 Fang Yuan retreated from the fight and charged towards immortal graveyard, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately experienced what Fang Yuan felt when she ran away from the fight before.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable quickly moved to stop Fang Yuan, but Immortal Zombie Giant Sun noticed this. Even though there had been no communication, he decisively moved to stop Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Fang Yuan’s main body charged into the immortal graveyard alone.


 “Not good, this demon Fang Yuan is here!”


 “He finally discovered the immortal graveyard’s secret.”


 “That’s fine, we don’t have to keep on hiding here.”


 Duke Mei, Duke Tong, and others appeared to block Fang Yuan with a decisive and furious expression.


 All of them had actually been revived!



***
Chapter 2192 - Invading The Door of Life and Death


***





 Chapter 2192: Invading The Door of Life and Death

 Immortal killer move — Year Beast Summoning.

 Fang Yuan waved his hand, dozens of immemorial year beasts appeared from the air above him.

 To complete the Twelve Zodiac battle formation, he had kept on fishing immemorial year beasts and gathered a complete set after much difficulty. As for these, they were all leftovers.

 Immemorial year beasts roared and howled as they streaked across the air towards the immortal graveyard.

 Duke Mei and Duke Tong were still blocking Fang Yuan’s path.

 At the same time, many Gu Immortal figures appeared from the immortal graveyard. They were those who had died in the battle before.

 The Gu Immortals moved out, stopping all the immemorial year beasts.

 Fang Yuan came to a realization after seeing this: “It seems like the Gu Immortals who revived in the immortal graveyard have intact cultivation and dao marks as well. As for the Gu worms, their phantom aperture brings them back to the immortal graveyard when they die.”

 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortal revival method was extremely advanced, with almost no flaws.

 “Fortunately, Fang Yuan discovered this ambush in time!” Lu Wei Yin felt fortunate. If they were continued to be kept in dark, when the battle fell to a stalemate, and these Gu Immortals attacked, Longevity Heaven and Fang Yuan’s side would be caught off-guard.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed inwardly.

 The reason she concealed these Gu Immortals and did not let them participate in the battle immediately was to ambush at the crucial time, it was also to preserve strength for Heavenly Court.

 The expedition to Crazed Demon Cave was not a fight to the death between the three sides, it was a competition to seize the derivation results of the Crazed Demon formation.

 In this aspect, the main player was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable herself, others like Fang Zheng and Che Wei did not have the qualifications to take part in this kind of contest.

 Moreover, with Heavenly Court weakened to a great degree, they had little manpower. Even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable obtained the Crazed Demon formation’s derivation and governed Heavenly Court in the future, she would need manpower to control Central Continent. She could not be a leader with no followers.

 But now, Fang Yuan had discovered these people.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was aware: This demon Fang Yuan was crafty and cruel with not even a little pride, since he found this weakness, he was definitely going to take advantage of it.

 People like Reckless Savage Demon Venerable disdained attacking those that were weaker than them.

 Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable slaughtered countless lives, he treated everyone the same. He killed the weak, he killed the strong, slaughter had become his nature and madness had seeped deep into his bones.

 But Fang Yuan purposely bullied the weak! He liked attacking and bullying the weak, but if he met someone stronger, he would go into hiding. Before the fate war, Heavenly Court searched for him repeatedly, but he kept on hiding, using wisdom path methods to guard against deductions.

 Stardust flew, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had no choice but to move to support the immortal graveyard.

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun naturally stopped her with all of his methods.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used the illusion killer move once more, even if Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could find out the real copy, he would need some time to check.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable succeeded in returning to the immortal graveyard.

 But in just this short while, Duke Mei and Duke Tong had died miserably at Fang Yuan’s hands once again.

 Fang Yuan tried to catch their phantom apertures, but did not succeed.

 “If the immortal graveyard is not destroyed, these Gu Immortals will still revive with their cultivation level restored. This is a big problem!” Lu Wei Yin also hurried over.

 Following Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s movement, other Heavenly Court Gu Immortals also returned to the immortal graveyard.

 The situation once again turned into an offense and defense battle. Heavenly Court was still the defending side, but this time, they were not guarding Book Mountain, instead, they were surrounding the immortal graveyard and fighting an intense battle!

 “Hmph, once we kill these Gu Immortals and destroy the immortal graveyard, Heavenly Court will only have Star Constellation Immortal Venerable left. Hahahaha.” Zhan Bu Du let out crazed laughter filled with killing intent.

 However, Heavenly Court seemed to have expected this situation.

 This immortal graveyard was already modified, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals flew down and acted as the formation cores, forming an immortal formation.

 The immortal formation created fog that quickly spread across the whole battlefield. Inside it, Gu Immortals could not see clearly, like they were inside thick clouds.

 Not only this, Gu Immortal figures were still rising from the immortal graveyard.

 Zhan Bu Du and the rest fought with these figures, these figures had the same battle strength as their main bodies, but after they were killed, they only broke apart into lumps of fog.

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun deduced for a while and said: “This is a painting path formation, but it also contains human path methods. This formation uses Divine Emperor City as the core, Heavenly Court Gu Immortals as supplementary cores, and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable as the main formation core. It will be extremely difficult for us to break this formation, do you have a good plan?”

 Fang Yuan shook his head, his expression turned cold.

 Once they entered a deadlock, it would be very disadvantageous to him.

 Heavenly Court had infiltrated the Crazed Demon formation very deeply, they had a huge lead. If Heavenly Court was allowed to stall for time, when the three great worlds broke down into fuel for the Crazed Demon formation and the derivation of eternal life succeeds, Heavenly Court would have a much higher chance to seize the results than Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.

 Heavenly Court was not a match for Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s alliance in a frontal fight. But under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s strategic and decisive leadership, Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were the ones who fell into a passive state.

 Fang Yuan was aware of the severity of this situation, immediately replying: “I know a bit about human path methods, but I don’t know the first thing about painting path. Giant Sun, you are proficient in painting path, we need to join hands to have a chance at deciphering this formation.”

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun nodded slightly, he had the intention of allying as well.

 Immediately, the two stopped attacking. They only ordered Lu Wei Yin, Zhan Bu Du, Bing Sai Chuan, and the rest to try attacking the formation, so that they could gain all kinds of clues and test their speculations.

 Fifteen minutes went by, Qi Sea, Qi Jue, and the rest continued attacking with no success, their injuries accumulated instead.

 Heavenly Court’s formation was still standing firmly.

 Fang Yuan suddenly made his move, the Human Sea in his sovereign immortal aperture became turbulent, causing the fog in the outside world to fluctuate as well.

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun acted as well, spitting out rays of golden light. The golden light spread throughout the whole formation like ripples.

 Wherever the golden light went, the fog dissipated, revealing the immortal graveyard.

 The two sides’ alliance army saw this and cheered.

 But this did not continue for long, the golden light dissipated quickly; the fog was restored almost immediately, blocking the sight of the immortals again.

 Zhan Bu Du and the rest tried to attack the formation, but they failed. They could not even sense the locations of the formation cores.

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was astonished for a moment before smiling bitterly: “This formation should have already broken, but the main formation core is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. She forcefully used a wisdom path method to stabilize this formation!”

 Gu Immortals were the foundation of killer moves, the main part of any methods was still the person. Under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control, this formation of Heavenly Court’s was forcefully stabilized, firmly obstructing Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s and Fang Yuan’s alliance army.

 Fang Yuan slowly shook his head: “Looks like we won’t be able to break this formation in a short period of time.”

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun did not reply, silently agreeing with this judgment.

 When he and Fang Yuan attacked just earlier, it was already their strongest method that was allowed in this situation. Since it could not break this formation, they would need half a month or so to deduce and break this formation.

 According to the current fusion rate of the great worlds as well as the Crazed Demon formation that was accelerated by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, half a month was enough for the derivation to be complete.

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s expression returned to normal, asking brightly: “Good formation! Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, can you tell me the name of this formation?”

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s voice came from within the fog: “This formation is called Transient White Cloud City Suppression, it was created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable but was not perfected. Only now, after Heavenly Court explored deeply into human path, we managed to fortunately complete it.”

 Right at this time, Fang Yuan attacked once again, causing the formation fog to turn chaotic.

 Fang Yuan continued: “Giant Sun, since we cannot break the formation, we need to weaken Star Constellation Immortal Venerable for the future.”

 “That is reasonable.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun immediately shot golden light which spread throughout the whole formation.

 Wherever the golden light went, the fog disappeared and everything was cleared.

 But, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable still stabilized the formation, soon, the battlefield was covered in fog again.

 Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun attacked again and again, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stabilized the formation every time. Both sides had no other choice.

 As this stalemate continued, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s expression changed suddenly, he felt some changes in luck.

 After dozens more rounds, Divine Emperor City suddenly shook, an immortal flew out of the painting world.

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun took this chance and shot out golden light, instantly, rays of golden light spread like ripples.

 Divine Emperor City’s shaking caught Star Constellation Immortal Venerable off-guard, the formation was not stabilized, causing the formation to break. Many Heavenly Court Gu Immortals who acted as the formation cores started coughing blood, every one of them was heavily injured!

 Zhan Bu Du took the lead to kill his way into the immortal graveyard, shouting towards that Gu Immortal who broke through the painting world: “Shen Shang, ally with us in attacking Heavenly Court!”

 This crucial character who broke the formation was the pseudo venerable of Eastern Sea’s righteous path who cultivated human path, Shen Shang.

 Shen Shang was shocked mentally and physically, but he immediately joined Fang Yuan’s side without any hesitation and attacked Heavenly Court.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable heaved a deep sigh as she waved her sleeve. She took all the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals and Immortal Gu Houses, and entered deep into the immortal graveyard.

 Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun naturally would not give up. They chased all the way and saw a secluded domain of heaven and earth in the depths of the immortal graveyard.

 This secluded domain of heaven and earth was a tall pitch-black door, it emitted an aura of eeriness, deathly silence, terror, and power.

 Secluded domain of heaven and earth — Door of Life and Death!

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable entered the Door of Life and Death, but Fang Yuan and the rest slowed down.

 It was not easy to enter the Door of Life and Death.

 > recorded this in detail, Ren Zu had once asked wisdom Gu for guidance, wisdom Gu told Ren Zu the path to enter the Door of Life and Death was called the path of destiny. Living beings could enter the door through the path of death; if they wanted to exit, they needed to walk through the road of life. The path of death was filled with suffering Gu, while the road of life had three obstacles – Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and Reverse Flow River. Within the Door of Life and Death, there was Pacifying Soul Lake, fairness Gu, and so on.

 Not only these, according to Fang Yuan’s intel, it was clear that the Door of Life and Death had Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body as well as Ren Zu’s eldest son Verdant Great Sun’s soul!

 Now, there was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and the Heavenly Court immortals.

 The Door of Life and Death had become a dangerous area.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable entered the Door of Life and Death with no hesitation, there was close to zero possibility of there being no arrangements inside.



***
Chapter 2193 - Spectral Soul’s Shocking Awakening


***





 Chapter 2193: Spectral Soul’s Shocking Awakening 

 Looking at the Door of Life and Death in front of him, Fang Yuan immediately recalled his previous luck inspection result.


 The dark clouds that represented Spectral Soul Demon Venerable were corroded by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s starry clouds.


 “Let’s look at it again.” Fang Yuan willed and used Cooking Luck Pot.


 His silver light pillar luck had condensed a bit. The dust around the base of the pillar was getting increasingly thick and solid, as for the three clouds above the pillar, the starry clouds and dark clouds had almost merged into one, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s golden cloud was still suppressed to the bottom.


 The starry clouds and dark clouds had become even larger, they were already beginning to corrode Fang Yuan’s silver light pillar.


 This change clearly indicated a problem.


 “Heavenly Court has prepared abundantly in Crazed Demon Cave, looking at this, it seems like Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has actually allied with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?”


 “According to the current state, Heavenly Court has too much of a lead.”


 “It is very likely that the final victor will be Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.”


 Previously, there was Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, an external factor, that affected the silver light pillar.


 But when Fang Yuan observed his luck now, there was no external factor remaining.


 In fact, at his level, there were extremely few external factors that could influence him and this battle in Crazed Demon Cave.


 Only factors like Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance had the ability to influence it.


 “Looks like I will have to rely on myself to resolve this situation.” Although the result of the luck inspection was not good, Fang Yuan activated his method decisively.


 A finger-thick rainbow of chaotic colors wriggled out of his body.


 The rainbow first linked to the Qi Sea clone, granting him a multi-colored radiance that covered his whole body. The rainbow came out again and connected to Zhan Bu Du.


 “This move will protect you when you move in the Door of Life and Death.” Fang Yuan said to Lu Wei Yin, Shen Shang, and Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled: “I have my own way.”


 Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin received this move.


 Thereupon, the multi-colored rainbow connected them as well.


 At the other side, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun put Calamity Luck Altar in his immortal aperture, his whole body was covered in a barrier of golden light. Right now, he was staring at above Fang Yuan’s head.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals naturally could not see the hidden Cooking Luck Pot, but Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was its creator, he could somewhat sense it.


 Cooking Luck Pot’s strong aura astonished Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 But thinking back to this battle in Crazed Demon Cave and refinement path accomplishments of Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun did not feel it strange.


 Both sides activated their methods and charged into the Door of Life and Death.


 They smoothly entered the Door of Life and Death without encountering any setbacks.


 Inside the Door of Life and Death was a scene of vast darkness.


 When Fang Yuan and the rest entered, it was like many torches were lit in a dark night. In an instant, countless soul beasts were startled, they started howling and roaring.


 The soul beasts began to attack frantically, while Fang Yuan and the rest defended.


 “So many soul beasts?!” Shen Shang was astonished.


 “This is the place with the greatest concentration of soul beasts. The soul beasts here are beyond a hundred million, it is an inestimable number!” Lu Wei Yin said while activating a killer move which formed earthen walls.


 “There are too many soul path dao marks here, my killer moves can’t even achieve fifty percent of their effects!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s face paled slightly after he tried several killer moves.


 There were all sizes of soul beasts with all kinds of strength. There were countless ordinary soul beasts, as well as an inestimable number of desolate and ancient soul beasts. There were also many immemorial soul beasts.


 The soul beasts were like a pitch-black tsunami, endlessly and fearlessly moving towards Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, trying to drown these Gu Immortals.


 “What about Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?” Qi Sea Ancestor asked.


 “If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable keeps on hiding, how can we find her in this situation?” Zhan Bu Du frowned.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan had not attacked yet, they were activating all kinds of methods to inspect and try to find Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s traces.


 But soon, the two gave up.


 They failed.


 “Since it is like this....” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun snorted, his whole body emitting golden light.


 Instantly, it was like a sun had appeared in the dark Door of Life and Death!


 The sun rose high, illuminating all the surrounding space!


 The light was extremely piercing, wherever it reached, countless soul beasts melted like ice, without even being able to let out a scream.


 The immortals were shocked.


 “Could this person be?!” Shen Shang’s eyes opened wide as he finally recognized Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s identity.


 The power of this move was absolutely beyond Qi Sea Ancestor’s Hu elevation.


 Fang Yuan also could not help taking a few glances, his pupils shrinking slightly.


 Since the battle in Crazed Demon Cave began, this was the first time he saw Immortal Zombie Giant Sun taking such an action. In Fang Yuan’s hands, luck path was mostly used as support, but when Immortal Zombie Giant Sun used it at this moment, it showed extreme offensive power!


 The golden light spread far, even immemorial soul beasts could not resist it. In an instant, there were uncountable casualties.


 The battlefield that spanned thousands of li was cleared completely. At the periphery of the battlefield, a lake was revealed.


 The lake was calm with no ripples. Even under the illumination of the golden light, it was still motionless like a mirror.


 Pacifying Soul Lake!


 There was a mountain range beside Pacifying Soul Lake.


 The mountain range was majestic, it was so tall and vast that it seemed to touch the sky and spread beyond the range of the immortals’ sight.


 “Since when is there a mountain here?”


 “> has no records of it.”


 “This mountain is so dark, it is bursting with demonic aura. This is too strange!”


 “Is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable on this mountain? Maybe this pitch-black mountain range is Heavenly Court’s arrangement?”


 The pseudo venerables discussed, but right at this time, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun suddenly said: “Found her.”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze also moved over.


 Following his gaze, the immortals discovered Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 She was standing at the peak of the mountain. Starlight twinkled around her and her sleeves fluttered in the air, adding splendor to her unmatched elegance.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked down at the immortals, saying with a smile: “The enemies are here, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, you should wake up.”


 Her voice was calm, but it quickly spread and reverberated in this special world, like an echo in an empty valley.


 At the next moment, the dark mountain range that spanned across heaven and earth shook, a voice could be heard: “Who... is disturbing my sleep?”


 The mountain range shook with increasing intensity, the entire world was shaking, the ground cracked and mountains shattered!


 Two blood-red suns suddenly appeared, each was much larger than Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s attack earlier.


 These were Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s eyes!


 This vast mountain range before the immortals was actually Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body!


 “Strong enemies? Who are you... Kill, I will kill you!” Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s murmur shook the air, producing a vast whirlwind.


 There was something wrong with his condition, he actually did not recognize Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan, as if he had lost his memories.


 Bam Bam Bam Bam...


 Hands spread out from the mountain range, in an instant, it was like countless giant trees had grown and formed a terrifying forest of arms.


 Rumble...


 A huge explosion rang as Spectral Soul Demon Venerable changed from an inclined position to sitting cross-legged.


 Even when sitting cross-legged, his shoulders still reached high into the sky, the immortals could not even see his head and could barely see most of his chest.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body was too huge. Compared to him, Fang Yuan and the immortals were like ants beside an adult.


 Lu Wei Yin, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and the rest were pale with fright.


 They could sense that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body was not just huge, the aura he emanated almost suffocated them. The soul path dao marks on him were too dense and of an enormous scale, even the current Fang Yuan could not compare.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable opened his eyes, the two blood sun let out ominous light from the dark cloudy fog.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable opened his mouth and breathed out.


 At the next moment, dark soul fog moved with the fierce wind and covered the whole battlefield.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 The violent wind howled by their ears, the pseudo venerables’ expression changed one after the other.


 The dark soul wind was extremely terrifying, it shook them so intensely that they were almost swept away.


 The soul wind did not target just their bodies, it also specially attacked their souls.


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan called out, the multi-colored rainbow suddenly brightened, helping these pseudo venerables stabilize their souls and resist the soul wind.


 “Fang Yuan!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue could not hold on, quickly asking for help.


 Fang Yuan immediately activated the multi-colored rainbow, linking him as well and helping him resist the wind calamity.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable saw that no one was blown away, he shouted in anger and pressed down with one of his huge hands!


 The huge palm seemed to cover the world, it carried ferocious might and wind and lightning roared alongside it. It gave a feeling of being unblockable and unavoidable.


 The giant palm’s target was Demon Immortal Qi Jue!


 Among the auras of the pseudo venerables, his aura was the weakest. He had been sealed for a long time in Divine Emperor City, much of his dao marks were extracted.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue wanted to dodge, but the giant palm had the ability to instill fear, he would not be able to move in a short period, and could only defend passively.


 Boom!!!


 The earth shook.


 The immortals dodged, only Demon Immortal Qi Jue was left in the area.


 He frantically used many defensive killer moves, but he was like an ant trying to fell the tree, he was instantly slammed down by the giant palm.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s aura rapidly fell to rock bottom.


 Spectral Soul’s giant palm stamped on the ground and did not move. The palm that was stable as mountain roots or towering like a heavenly pillar let out a strange aura.


 “One hand of Spectral Soul can suppress a pseudo venerable?” Even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun revealed an astonished expression, saying, “Save him quickly! Spectral Soul is trying to seal Qi Jue!”


 Even without his reminder, Zhan Bu Du had already charged forward.


 He was like a meteor as he pierced through Spectral Soul’s arm with a loud crash.


 Zhan Bu Du laughed loudly and was about to turn around to attack again, when another hand pressed down with an incredible speed.


 Boom!!!


 Another loud explosion rang, Zhan Bu Du was also slammed down on the ground by the giant palm, his aura falling violently.


 “Even with such a large size, it is actually so fast!”


 “Too terrifying!”


 “Save them, we cannot wait anymore.”


 Qi Sea Ancestor, Lu Wei Yin, and the rest quickly attacked. The two heavenly pillar-like arms began to collapse from the strong attacks.


 Right at this time, dozens of arms fell down from the sky.


 Immortal killer move —Ten Li Time Wind.


 With a cold snort, Fang Yuan raised his arms and pushed forward with his palms.


 Immediately, boundless wind rose, blocking the dozens of giant arms.


 This move contained the profundities of time path, rule path, and wind path. When Fang Yuan’s palms formed into a claw shape, it could confine the enemy and lock the time of the target.


 However, currently, Fang Yuan’s hands were raised high, he was trying to grip with his fingers using all his strength, but they were trembling hard and he was unable to contract into a clenched shape.


 He could only slow these dozens of giant arms, he could not completely lock their time.


 “Good job!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun praised, his figure suddenly transformed and became a soft rain of golden light.



***
Chapter 2194 - Unification of Three Worlds


***





 Chapter 2194: Unification of Three Worlds 

 Immortal killer move — Golden Top Ox Hair!


 The drizzle of dazzling golden light increased rapidly, it quickly spread and covered the dozens of giant arms.


 Golden light rained down endlessly, penetrating into the pitch-black giant arms.


 The giant arms shook, golden flowing veins appeared and moved up the arms while interweaving into an exquisite web.


 When the golden web covered over half of the giant arms, the giant arms started shaking extremely fiercely.


 The pressure on Fang Yuan reduced sharply, the giant arms could not even budge under the infiltration of the golden web.


 This golden top ox hair killer move clearly also had the ability to confine its enemies. But it was different from Fang Yuan’s ten li time wind, it infiltrated the target’s body and controlled their movement.


 When the golden web covered the giant arms completely, these dozens of giant arms came under Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s control. They moved up and attacked Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body!


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was furious, at that instant, a thousand or so giant arms came down, destroying these dozens of traitorous arms.


 The golden web lost its attached targets, turning back into a drizzle of golden light.


 Amidst the golden light drizzle, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s figure appeared slowly.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable gave a shout, his thunder-like voice shook the whole Door of Life and Death.


 A grey tornado immediately formed and moved towards Fang Yuan’s group.


 The grey tornado did not have absorption force, instead it had a huge repulsive force. Wind blades that were sharper than Luo Po wind rotated and cut the souls.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, Fang Yuan, and the immortals quickly retreated. Soul beasts rushed over from afar, but were dismembered by the wind blades.


 After these soul beasts died, they were absorbed by the grey tornado, changing into grey soul bombs.


 A soul bomb struck and exploded on Lu Wei Yin. Lu Wei Yin’s soul was immediately injured heavily, he almost fainted.


 He had exceptional defense but faced this situation. Other immortals like Qi Jue and Shen Shang were even more miserable, their souls might have been swept away if not for Fang Yuan’s help.


 The number of soul path dao marks in the Door of Life and Death was unimaginable.


 Before Spectral Soul Demon Venerable awakened, these pseudo venerables could only use fifty percent of their strength because of the dao mark suppression.


 Now that he awakened, pseudo venerables could only use twenty percent of their strength. Even Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could only use fifty percent of their strength!


 “What’s going on? Spectral Soul is also a supreme grandmaster.”


 “Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable lost his physical body, he has already modified himself into gaining a soul beast body!”


 “He has almost merged with the Door of Life and Death. With this environment, all his killer moves are amplified greatly, he can easily suppress us. This is the power of a Dao Lord!”


 “What now?”


 The immortals could not help but hesitate.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s battle strength far surpassed the expectations of many of them.


 Another crucial point was that the Door of Life and Death had too many soul path dao marks.


 When fate Gu was intact, the soul of every dead being returned to the Door of Life and Death. Even when fate Gu was damaged, most of the dead beings’ souls still returned here.


 Countless years accumulated, countless souls gathered and broke down to form the current Door of Life and Death.


 Among all the secluded domains of heaven and earth, the Door of Life and Death was likely to have the highest number of dao marks!


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun collaborated to destroy the grey tornado and detonate the thousands of grey soul bombs.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable bent over slightly, thousands of giant arms attacked from all sides. It was like the sky was falling, creating a suffocating feeling!


 Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun began to use all their strength.


 The giant arms were destroyed one after the other. Their fragments fell to the ground, immediately changing into soul beasts that charged forward to fight once again.


 Lu Wei Yin and the other pseudo venerables were in charge of killing these soul beasts.


 After the soul beasts died, their fragments combined to form new soul beasts.


 Moreover, these newly born soul beasts were stronger than the previous soul beasts. They possessed talents and abilities, thus they could counter Lu Wei Yin and the other Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, and other Gu Immortals were at a disadvantage.


 They were struggling to cope with the countless soul beasts and endless giant arms that attacked unceasingly.


 Right now, soul path fully displayed its combat advantage by fueling itself through killing!


 “Die! All of you, die!!” Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s mind became even more chaotic, roaring like a wild beast.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled, her clear voice was not suppressed by the chaotic battlefield, instead it reached the immortals’ ears: “Everyone, your valiance really makes me feel admiration. Fang Yuan, Giant Sun, I’ll take a quick leave first.”


 Saying this, she leisurely retreated. Her body streaked across the dark world like a meteor, easily leaving the Door of Life and Death.


 Since the battle began, she had been standing on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s head, even though she was openly leaving now, she did not attract Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attention.


 This situation was frightening to see.


 The grand Spectral Soul Demon Venerable actually became Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s puppet!


 Lu Wei Yin suddenly shouted, his face was pale: “Oh no, Lord Fang Yuan! Star Constellation will definitely unite the three great worlds and destroy Paradise Earth’s tomb. We must quickly go and stop her!”


 However, this was easier said than done.


 Spectral Soul’s main body was a genuine Dao Lord inside the Door of Life and Death!


 A soul path supreme grandmaster.


 A complete rank nine venerable!


 On the contrary, Fang Yuan was only at rank eight, and though Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was also a Dao Lord, how could he use the outside world’s luck path dao marks to amplify himself in the Door of Life and Death?


 Heaven and earth travel?


 Fang Yuan had already tried it secretly, but it had no effect.


 Heavenly Court knew Fang Yuan had fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu, how could they not have prepared for it?


 No killer move was invincible. Just like Fang Yuan’s ghostly concealment killer move, it showed no effect inside the Door of Life and Death!


 The three great worlds were rapidly melting.


 The boundaries had already shrunk by thirty percent.


 As for the void in the eighth layer, it was originally vast and infinite, but the boundary was now sticking close to the bubbles of the three great worlds.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable returned here and immediately set up a formation.


 The formation activated, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals split and invaded Savage Wilderness Great World and Yellow Earth Great World.


 These two great worlds’ main forces had almost all died in battle. Only a few remained, they were the old and weak Gu Immortals with no battle strength left, or elite Gu Masters.


 Be they the former or latter, they had no ability to block Heavenly Court’s advancement.


 Heavenly Court continued to push in, setting a sub-formation after occupying each territory.


 These sub-formations resonated with the main formation which was personally controlled by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. The sub-formations let out grand lights that shot towards the sky and shone on the surroundings, making the vast and desolate Savage Wilderness Great World, and the hilly Yellow Earth Great World bloom with green.


 Weeds and tree saplings grew at a visible speed, quickly forming a dense forest.


 This was only the visible phenomenon, the true essence lied in Green Lotus Great World expanding continuously as it absorbed the other two great worlds into its territory!


 If looked from above, the green color that was like moss spread from the Green Lotus Great World and slowly covered the other two great worlds.


 After covering them, the lush green became even deeper in color.


 At first, it was only light green, many areas with the sub-formations turned into deep green. The deep green then turned into dark green.


 The three great worlds finally merged!


 After reaching a certain extent, a storm started brewing indescribably.


 The storm was not large, but its range was astonishing, covering the whole world.


 Wind blew like the qi tides of five regions, it quickly merged the primeval energy of the great world and distributed it evenly.


 “Limitless Demon Venerable’s heaven and earth refinement method has already reached the peak. If I am not wrong, this wind will continue to grow until it becomes the winds of assimilation!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable controlled the main formation, she personally took part and helped the great worlds unite, so she gained many insight from this.


 In fact, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable accounted for almost half of the heaven path research results in the Crazed Demon formation!


 Why did Limitless Demon Venerable go to Heavenly Court in his later years and play this game with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable?


 The reason was simple.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had merged with heaven’s will of her own accord. The killer move human executing heaven’s work was extremely profound, while she altered heaven’s will, she was also comprehending heaven path.


 So, Limitless Demon Venerable competed with Star Constellation to extract the heaven path mysteries, he also received the help of this wisdom path supreme grandmaster, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, to deduce new heaven path research results.


 Limitless Demon Venerable cultivated rule path, only by cooperating with the creator of wisdom path, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, could he realize the insane concept of Crazed Demon Cave!


 Limitless Demon Venerable achieved his goal, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also gained many benefits.


 The three avatar fairies’ method of influencing the emotions of many mutant Gu Immortals and making them join Heavenly Court was a result of heaven path.


 Being able to control Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was also an embodiment of heaven path research results. Naturally, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took advantage of this situation. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body already had flaws.


 “The three worlds have merged, the outcome has been decided.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a breath of air, her eyes shining with starlight.


 She had succeeded.


 Fang Yuan and Longevity Heaven’s alliance was very powerful. But she relied on her incomparable wisdom path attainment to take a lead step by step, maintaining her advantage and not letting the other two sides surpass her.


 Although Heavenly Court was weak, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used Book Mountain, Primordial Domain, the Crazed Demon formation, and the Door of Life and Death, she used everything that could be used to help claim victory.


 This was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 This was the power of wisdom path!


 Heavenly Court had already infiltrated the Crazed Demon formation, now that they united the three worlds and got hold of massive clues and fuel, it was like letting half of the Crazed Demon formation falling into Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s hands.


 “It is your turn now, Paradise Earth.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes shone coldly.


 She did not like Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 Even though Paradise Earth had the name of Immortal Venerable and had extremely high reputation, he loved and defended variant humans. Paradise Earth left Merman Imperial Court in Eastern Sea and also Mushroomman Paradise in Southern Border.


 What repulsed Star Constellation Immortal Venerable even more was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s identity.


 Paradise Earth had gone through many fortuitous encounters in his life that could have allowed him to change his fundamental identity to that of a pure human. But he did not do so, he was always a mixed blood which could never be accepted by Heavenly Court.


 Immediately, sub-formations buzzed and tore the earth.


 Ground crumbled, deep ravines spread quickly from all sides to Paradise Earth’s tomb.


 Paradise Earth’s tomb was broken apart.


 Afterwards, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave a cry, her gaze looking at the distant sky.


 Soon, endless starlight condensed and solidified in the sky, turning into meteors that fell to the ground.


 Like a rainstorm, the meteors smashed onto Paradise Earth’s tomb.


 Bam bam bam...


 The explosions rang, starlight and rock fragments flew everywhere.


 After a few minutes of time, Paradise Earth’s tomb was leveled and turned into ruins.



***
Chapter 2195 - Paradise Earth’s Revival


***





 Chapter 2195: Paradise Earth’s Revival 

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s gaze crossed through thousands of miles and landed on the ruins of Paradise Earth’s tomb. She checked carefully before giving a satisfied nod.


 She collected the main formation, while Heavenly Court’s immortals were in charge of collecting all the sub-formations.


 Heavenly Court members gathered in one place and moved with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 After Primordial Domain disappeared, the eighth layer and ninth layer could be easily traveled to and fro.


 They left the eighth layer and entered the ninth layer.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable personally pointed the way forward. Qin Ding Ling, Che Wei, Fang Zheng, and the rest stepped into the Crazed Demon formation one after the other, they each stopped on a truthful floating ice piece.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable told them the control method of the truthful floating ice in detail, she then went towards the center of the formation and faced the central truthful floating ice.


 “Lady Star Constellation, what are you going to do?”


 “If you insist on forcing your way, we will immediately activate practice Gu and destroy this truthful floating ice!”


 Not Immortal was alarmed. Pang Shan and Secret Schemer immediately appeared, they tried to threaten Star Constellation.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled: “Truthfully, you three being able to control practice Gu was beyond my expectations. I had already sealed Limitless’ will, I did not expect him to still be able to bring you three here. However, the reason why I sealed Limitless’ will was just as an additional layer of assurance.”


 “I am going to use all my strength to accelerate the Crazed Demon formation. This formation that Limitless set up back then is indeed astonishing and extraordinary, reaching the peak of the world. But he is still a rule path Gu Immortal and not of wisdom path. He naturally realized this, if not, why would he invade Heavenly Court and bet with me?”


 Pang Shan and Secret Schemer looked at each other. The latter thought for a bit and mustered his courage to ask: “Since Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has the same thought as us, why not come in? We are willing to hand over practice Gu.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled: “That is not necessary. This area is the Crazed Demon formation’s core, it is easy to enter but difficult to exit. It also concerns the final deduction results, if I forcefully break out, I may destroy this truthful floating ice, ruining the million year derivation.”


 “I am already in control of half the Crazed Demon formation, and only with me leading my Heavenly Court’s immortals outside to prevent any unexpected situation, can I safely push this Crazed Demon formation to the limit.”


 “I am already aware of your ambitions. No need to hesitate, go carve the truthful floating ice.”


 Pang Shan and Secret Schemer gritted their teeth. Right now, Fang Yuan was missing, and it probably bode ill rather than well. Since Heavenly Court had already controlled the situation, and these three immortals were unable to go out, even if they could go out, they definitely were not Heavenly Court’s match. They could only continue to drill the truthful floating ice and resume their work.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable began to activate the formation step by step.


 Under her influence, the Crazed Demon formation’s form started changing again and again, the derivation efficiency also continued to rise.


 Many of Heavenly Court’s members were controlling a truthful floating ice piece each, they listened to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangements as they controlled their respective truthful floating ice.


 The melting speed of the eighth layer’s great world sped up by several times.


 Many peripheral truthful floating ice pieces were starting to thaw and shrink. But the central truthful floating ice piece was continuing to expand in size.


 There would only be one truthful floating ice piece left in Crazed Demon formation at the end.


 If Limitless’ arrangements succeeded, then the one who obtained this truthful floating ice could gain eternal life!


 Because the truth of eternal life would already be carved.


 “Worthy of Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. Under such a bleak situation, she fought one battle after another and made Heavenly Court emerge victorious.” Qin Ding Ling was moved.


 “With such a person leading Heavenly Court, our deaths would be without regrets.” Duke Mei and the rest conversed happily.


 “No one else is more suitable than Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to obtain eternal life! With her leadership, our Heavenly Court will definitely become a supreme existence once again, we will unite the five regions just like Crazed Demon Cave’s three worlds.” The immortals were looking forward to a beautiful future.


 When Heavenly Court did not have an Immortal Venerable in charge, there was the tradition of having a wisdom path Gu Immortal lead them.


 Past experience proved the sensibility of this system.


 Now that the creator of wisdom path, a wisdom path supreme grandmaster, the number one person in wisdom path, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, was controlling Heavenly Court, no one in Heavenly Court had any objection!


 Even if Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable and Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable were to revive, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would still be much more suitable than them to obtain eternal life.


 Inside the Door of Life and Death.


 “All of you must die... why are you still not dead?” Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was sitting cross-legged. Pacifying Soul Lake was only a puddle in comparison, while Fang Yuan and the immortals were like insignificant ants.


 But this group of ants made Spectral Soul Demon Venerable extremely angry.


 Boom boom boom!


 Countless giant arms attacked these ants.


 Lu Wei Yin, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and the rest used all their strength to counterattack. They were only second to peak level battle strengths like that of Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, but they were in an extremely miserable situation here.


 If not for Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun helping them time and again, some of them might have already perished.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body was at rank nine, after transforming into a soul beast body and his attainment level having been raised to supreme grandmaster level, he had become a Dao Lord.


 Originally, a venerable that had just become a Dao Lord was still not invincible, they had to refine dao marks of their path in the outside world and raise their strength.


 But it just so happened that this Door of Life and Death was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s territory, he had occupied it since long ago.


 And the Door of Life and Death had the highest number of soul path dao marks in the world, even Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were in a disadvantage.


 The longer this dragged on, the more disadvantageous it would be for them. Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was aware of this, so they fought while finding an exit path.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun made deductions and smiled bitterly at Fang Yuan: “This is not good. When Star Constellation Immortal Venerable left, it was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who took the initiative to open a path. He has already completely refined the Door of Life and Death and become this place’s master. It is impossible for us to leave like Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!”


 Fang Yuan fixed his gaze on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable: “Who could have expected Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to turn Spectral Soul Demon Venerable into a puppet. Giant Sun, you should know that in the five hundred years of my previous life, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable possessed the sovereign immortal body and became the greatest mastermind behind the five regions chaotic war. He infiltrated Heavenly Court and made them a mere figurehead. Now, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable can be considered to have taken revenge for Heavenly Court.”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was solemn: “There is no use in saying these things now. Our hope lies with you.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “I know, I have already begun deducing!”


 He knew what Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was pointing towards.


 Back then, when Ren Zu tried to leave the Door of Life and Death through the road of life, he encountered three obstacles; Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and Reverse Flow River.


 Ren Zu failed when he was in Reverse Flow River, if not for this, he could have escaped the Door of Life and Death.


 And now, Fang Yuan was the Gu Immortal with the most secluded domains of heaven and earth. In fact, he had Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and Reverse Flow River!


 As long as these three obstacles were used to create the road of life, they could escape the Door of Life and Death through it and return to fight Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Fang Yuan had a bitter expression: “Deductions need time and clues. I have no clue about this road of life, I just have these obstacles. And this Door of Life and Death has long been modified by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and merged into himself, there is a huge difference between it and the records in >. Furthermore, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable does not have a clear mind, I need to split my attention to guard against his mad attacks.”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun heaved a sigh: “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has astonishing attainment in soul path, he made the Door of Life and Death much more exceptional than before! Even though the situation is already like this, I still hope you will give your best effort.”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s expression changed suddenly: “It is here again, follow me!”


 He suddenly threw out Calamity Luck Altar.


 Immortal killer move — Luck Changing Golden Light Path!


 A dazzling path of golden light formed instantly.


 The immortals knew the situation, quickly stepping on the path of light and letting it bring them away.


 At the next moment, countless soul bombs, each the size of a mountain, shot down while having tadpole-like tails.


 The giant tadpole soul bombs detonated with horrifying strength, the path shook intensely from the explosion and dimmed rapidly.


 But the immortals managed to escape from the soul bombs.


 They had already suffered once, Shen Shang and Demon Immortal Qi Jue had gotten heavily injured from the explosion. Fortunately, Shen Shang cultivated human path and was an expert in treating these injuries, he displayed human path’s superiority, healing the immortals quickly.


 After that time, every time the soul bombs attacked, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun used luck changing golden light path and moved the immortals away.


 This move was extremely profound, it could forcibly create a survival route in a hopeless situation.


 Soul beasts attacked and soul bombs detonated around the light path, many of their attacks canceled each other which instead kept the light path safe.


 If it was before, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could have already escaped with this move. But this Door of Life and Death was different, it was extremely troublesome; even if Immortal Zombie Giant Sun used luck changing golden light path multiple times, he could not succeed.


 “Careful!” Qi Sea Ancestor alerted.


 After all the soul bombs detonated, a soul river crashed down.


 Countless wronged ghosts formed a black river. The ghosts cried and howled, the tragic and furious sounds slightly slowed the immortals’ thoughts.


 The soul river was extremely huge, covering thousands of miles!


 The immortals could not evade it, so they used all kinds of methods. For a moment, they were carried up and down by the soul river, being tortured physically and mentally.


 Profound light surrounded and protected Fang Yuan. Multi-colored rainbow bound other pseudo venerables, preventing them from getting washed away.


 Under this perilous situation, once the pseudo venerables left the group for some time, they would die a miserable death.


 The crucial point was that if they died here, their souls would be used by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to target the remaining people.


 This was what Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was good at.


 So, Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were helping themselves by saving these people.


 “I can hardly look after myself, how can I quickly deduce the road of life in this situation?” Fang Yuan showed a difficult expression as he looked at the tumultuous soul river.


 The situation was bad, as time passed, Fang Yuan’s chance of victory would be increasingly low.


 If they were delayed for a long time in the Door of Life and Death, if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable obtained eternal life, she might come back to finish them with greatly increased strength.


 At that time, if there was no improvement, Fang Yuan would not just be defeated but might even lose his life!


 Right at this time, in the great world in Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer, a yellow light shone.


 The yellow light covered the ruins.


 This was Paradise Earth’s tomb!


 The yellow light erupted, shooting towards the sky, before changing direction towards the Door of Life and Death.


 A Gu Immortal appeared in the yellow light.


 “Buried in the earth for a hundred thousand years,


 Brushing dust off my clothes as I rise once more.


 Wishing for all lives to be equal,


 May all living beings compete in harmony.”


 After the recital, the Gu Immortal said: “Spectral Soul, please open the door. Paradise Earth... is here to pay a visit.”



***
Chapter 2196 - Spectral Soul Versus Paradise Earth


***





 



 For an instant, the fighting in the Door of Life and Death suddenly stopped.

 The furious Spectral Soul Demon Venerable stopped roaring, countless giant arms stopped moving like space had frozen.

 “What happened?” Qi Sea Ancestor was puzzled.

 At the next moment, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable opened his huge mouth, letting out an earth-shattering roar.

 The roar contained anger, hatred, as well as excitement towards meeting a great enemy!

 “You revived…”

 “You revived as well!”

 “I finally meet you. Since you are here, come in.”

 “So that I can… kill you!!”

 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not remember Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, but he seemed to have a deep impression of Paradise Earth.

 Suns of blood color rose in the sky, these were Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s eyes.

 He had three heads; only one head had awakened in the previous battle, now the remaining two heads also opened their blood colored eyes!

 The entrance of the Door of Life and Death opened, forming a huge vortex that let out a terrifying suction force.

 The entrance opened and closed in an instant. When Fang Yuan and the rest came to their senses, a Gu Immortal was pulled into the Door of Life and Death.

 He had a shiny bald head and wore plain clothing.

 He had a kind expression and his entire body let out a faint radiance.

 “Paradise Earth!” Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun called out.

 “Lord Paradise Earth, you succeeded in reviving!?” Lu Wei Yin was surprised and happy. He suddenly shouted, “Careful!”

 Bam bam bam…

 Hundreds of giant arms repelled the air as they ruthlessly charged towards Paradise Earth while producing thunderous rumbles.

 Battle erupted once again!

 The Crazed Demon formation turned chaotic.

 Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals were heavily injured, their expressions were pale and bewildered.

 This was all caused by Paradise Earth’s revival.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revealed an astonished expression.

 Ever since the battle in Crazed Demon Cave started, this was the first time she showed such an emotion.

 The reason was that although Paradise Earth revived, his revival method was beyond Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expectations.

 “I thought you would revive as an earth path venerable, but to think you would take another path.”

 “I underestimated you.”

 “You actually converted to heaven path, Paradise Earth’s tomb was only a target. Only through its destruction could you revive.”

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a breath of air, but did not move towards the Door of Life and Death. At the moment, the Crazed Demon formation was rotating like a tornado, she could not get away easily.

 Moreover, although Paradise Earth revived, he had converted to heaven path and the tomb was destroyed much earlier by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, so his current cultivation was only at pseudo venerable level.

 If Yellow Earth Great World had annexed the other two great worlds and Paradise Earth’s tomb was destroyed along with the great world, the revived Paradise Earth might have venerable cultivation!

 Right now, the main focus was still on the Crazed Demon formation. The sensible Star Constellation would never abandon the larger goal for smaller gains. Moreover, even if she returned to the Door of Life and Death, her battle strength would also be suppressed greatly, it would not be worth the effort.

 Inside the Door of Life and Death.

 “Careful!” Lu Wei Yin’s shout had just landed.

 A giant web appeared in front of Paradise Earth.

 The milky white web was extremely thick, every thread of the web had the size of an elephant, giving a monumental and majestic feeling.

 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attacks were completely blocked by this giant web.

 “What kind of killer move is this, it actually has such defensive prowess!?”

 “This aura, I have never felt it before…”

 “Wait a moment! Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable does not have rank nine cultivation, he is only at rank eight level like us!”

 Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Zhan Bu Du, and the rest were greatly shaken.

 “This is a heaven path killer move! Paradise Earth converted to cultivating heaven path, he revived but did not regain his venerable cultivation, this might be the price!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was somewhat aware.

 Fang Yuan’s emotions were slightly complex.

 He had also once considered progressing in heaven path.

 Who could have expected Paradise Earth’s scheme to be deeper than his, he had even greater progress. Through this revival, he directly became a pseudo venerable in heaven path!

 Using heaven path’s advantage, the suppression of the Door of Life and Death on Paradise Earth was the smallest.

 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was roaring in fury, he half-squatted from his cross-legged position!

 Thousands of giant arms attacked, the five fingers of every hand were placed together like a drill, and the sharp nails stabbed like spears.

 Countless giant hands stabbed the web of light, Paradise Earth’s expression did not change, but the heaven path giant web that did not even budge before was shaking slightly.

 “Although he cultivates heaven path, he is only a pseudo venerable. Reinforce him.” Fang Yuan immediately saw through the situation and alerted others.

 Lu Wei Yin was the first to charge forward, but was blocked by giant arms midway.

 Fortunately, Fang Yuan and the rest followed closely to reinforce Paradise Earth.

 After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable adapted, the giant arms changed shape, a large number of spikes extended from the fingernails, his action changed from poking to tearing.

 Slash, slash… countless giant arms tore layers of webs of light, continuously breaking them.

 Although Paradise Earth only had pseudo venerable cultivation level, his defensive method was exceptional and was at Immortal Venerable level. It was just that when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable used his full strength, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had to retreat even after obtaining the reinforcement.

 The immortals’ situation was still as perilous as before.

 After blocking for a while, Paradise Earth transmitted his voice: “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s condition is strange, his mind is not clear, his emotions were probably tampered with by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. I have a method that can dispel all emotions and make someone’s rationality as calm as ice.”

 Wisdom path had three main elements; thoughts, wills, and emotions.

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was definitely at the peak in these three aspects.

 Fairy Feng Ya deduced Limitless’ arrangements, always being ahead of others. This was the attainment of thoughts.

 Limitless’ will was sealed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, this was a method of will.

 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s emotions were agitated and in disorder, he did not have even a trace of rationality. This showed Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s might in terms of emotions!

 Regarding this, Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, or other pseudo venerables had all made an attempt.

 However, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s condition was the same, never showing a sign of regaining his sanity.

 The immortals’ attempts failed, they agreed that it was because Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method was exceptional. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was a wisdom path supreme grandmaster, the number one in the world in this path, since she left confidently, she naturally had full confidence in her method, she believed this method would not be broken for a short period of time.

 Right now, although Paradise Earth mentioned this idea, the immortals did not object, they cooperated with him quickly.

 Spectral Soul’s attacks were extremely fierce, Paradise Earth’s appearance had agitated his state even further.

 All kinds of soul path killer moves were used one after the other; some were sinister, some were weird, some were domineering, and some were unrestrained. The immortals were too busy dealing with them.

 Paradise Earth was protected at the center, but he was disturbed again and again. The killer move’s activation progress was minimal.

 After a long while, Fang Yuan snorted coldly: “All of you, move aside!”

 The immortals quickly retreated.

 Fang Yuan’s face was indifferent but his eyes shone as he faced the tsunami-like wave of soul beasts. He opened his arms and roared towards the sky.

 Along with his roar, specks of light flew out of his immortal aperture.

 The specks were of all kinds of color, they rapidly collided in the air, turning into dragons, wolves, tigers, fishes, and other beings.

 These were all totem killer moves!

 Countless totems of all kinds and shapes charged forward. Wherever they went, soul beasts cried out miserably as they were torn into shreds, burned into ashes, drowned, cleaved by lightning…

 In an instant, Fang Yuan released hundreds of totems that he had gathered on his body.

 These killer moves were all at rank eight, that was to say, Fang Yuan used hundreds of rank eight killer moves in an instant.

 Peerless might!

 The immortals immediately felt the pressure on them reducing sharply.

 Countless soul beasts were slaughtered, even when the giant arms attacked, ten or so totems attacked one giant arm and destroyed them.

 “Thirty percent of my immortal essence was used up!” Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, returning to the group.

 The immortal essence expenditure of releasing so many totem killer moves was extremely terrifying.

 According to Fang Yuan’s current immortal essence reserves, he could only use this move three times at most.

 Among the present Gu Immortals, the lowest cultivation was at pseudo venerable. Yet. when they looked at Fang Yuan, their expressions were all shaken and even contained vague fear.

 Totem killer moves were quick and convenient, but Fang Yuan released so many totems at once, which was the thing that really shocked them.

 Ignoring anything else, with just this method, Fang Yuan could exterminate almost any super force in the world!

 Even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun stared at Fang Yuan for a while.

 He knew of totem killer moves, so he understood the advantages and weaknesses of this kind of killer move.

 Totem killer moves were indeed quick and convenient, but they were difficult to nurture.

 However, Fang Yuan had actually nurtured so many rank eight totems, this made Immortal Zombie Giant Sun shocked at Fang Yuan’s wealth.

 “Good method!” Paradise Earth praised before concentrating on preparing his killer move.

 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s three heads opened their mouths and breathed out a vast soul river.

 Three soul rivers converged into a soul river of an unprecedented scale. It crashed down like dark clouds covering the sky.

 Totem killer moves flew and charged into the soul river as they fought.

 The soul river’s speed of descent fell, while these totems’ radiance was extinguished one by one.

 Thoughts moved rapidly in Fang Yuan’s mind, all kinds of thoughts sparked as he madly dispatched the totems and coordinated their actions.

 His immortal essence was expended rapidly, his mind was beginning to overheat as it reached the limits of his wisdom path capability.

 Totem killer moves were far superior to immemorial desolate beasts because they could coordinate with each other and be controlled casually. More importantly, each of them possessed extreme prowess, comparable to immemorial desolate beasts that had wild Immortal Gu, or even immemorial desolate beasts that grasped immortal killer moves.

 These totems gained twenty-two breaths of time for Paradise Earth.

 Finally, Fang Yuan heaved a sigh as he collected the remaining twelve totems in his immortal aperture.

 These totems survived fortunately but they were in an extremely damaged state. The other hundreds of totems had all died in battle.

 Naturally, accompanying their deaths were countless soul beasts and dozens of Spectral Soul’s giant arms.

 Fang Yuan retreated to the depths of the group, he had to rest his mind and it seemed difficult for him to battle for some time.

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun stood up and took his place.

 He had already prepared his killer move, using it with no hesitation.

 Immortal killer move — Unforeseen Disaster!

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun grabbed at his head repeatedly with his palms that were covered in a layer of light.

 The pure gold light around his palms was rapidly dyed black and red.

 Every time Immortal Zombie Giant Sun grabbed, he threw them as well.

 The dark-red bad luck flew in the air, turning into lumps of dark-red clouds that flew everywhere.

 Each lump of dark-red cloud was not large; wherever they went, soul beasts within a hundred li howled for a few breaths of time before losing their lives, giant arms broke, large segments of the soul river also broke apart.

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun repeatedly grabbed his bad luck and threw them at his enemy.

 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s body itself was becoming unstable after being hit by this method. His left head shouted as it used burning soul bursting luck, his luck immediately rose and offset Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s method.

 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun attacked for a while before stopping.

 It was not that his immortal essence was not enough or his mind got tired, it was because he had used up all his bad luck.



***
Chapter 2197 - Killing Spectral Soul?


***





 



 “This method is really good.” Fang Yuan was slightly moved as he observed Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 If he could use all of his bad luck to attack, then his own luck would always remain at the highest level.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had an excellent combat system, this method definitely had high importance in this combat system.


 With Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s help, Paradise Earth got the time to prepare and activate his killer move.


 Immortal killer move — Emotionless Heaven and Earth!


 White waves of light spread from between Paradise Earth’s brows, the light waves immediately spread towards the whole battlefield and covered Spectral Soul Demon Venerable completely.


 Waves of light activated one after the other, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not feel anything at first, but he soon showed a response. The killing intent in his blood-red pupils decreased rapidly as they revealed flickers of rationality.


 But at this time, the silhouette of a figure showed itself on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s stomach.


 The immortals heard this figure speak: “Heaven and earth is emotionless, that is correct, but humans have emotions.”


 Saying so, this figure laughed.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s pupils were filled with killing intent once again, the trace of rationality just earlier had vanished without a trace.


 “Who was that?” The immortals were astonished.


 Clearly, this figure had caused Paradise Earth’s killer move to fail.


 “Is it Verdant Great Sun?” A thought emerged in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 According to Spectral Soul’s memories and the records in >, Ren Zu’s eldest son Verdant Great Sun’s soul lay on the shores of Pacifying Soul Lake.


 But right now, there was nothing around Pacifying Soul Lake.


 It was very likely that Verdant Great Sun’s soul was devoured by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 But for some reason, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who cultivated soul path and food path could not ‘digest’ Verdant Great Sun, he was instead controlled.


 It was very likely that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had played a crucial role in this.


 Paradise Earth revealed a troubled expression at seeing his killer move have no effect.


 Spectral Soul attacked once again, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan glanced at each other as the former said: “Fang Yuan, have you gained any comprehension?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head, his expression was solemn: “There is no progress.”


 “I have an idea.” Shen Shang suddenly said, “Since the fate war, I have been lurking inside Divine Emperor City while cultivating human path. Besides the gains, I also pondered on how to get out of difficult situations, so I thought of a human path method. Right now, I have already deduced ninety percent of this method, only the final ten percent remains. When I saw Lord Paradise Earth activate the human path killer move, my intuition told me that this is the final ten percent I require. With it, I can complete this killer move.”


 “This…” The other Gu Immortals murmured softly.


 Shen Shang’s intention was to ask for Paradise Earth’s heaven path research results, this was quite an impudent request.


 There was an example here, despite Fang Yuan having three crucial secluded domains of heaven and earth, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had never asked to borrow these secluded domains of heaven and earth to deduce the road of life to escape from the Door of Life and Death.


 But in the current situation, Shen Shang’s overbearing request had some reason behind it.


 The crucial point was that he and Paradise Earth had a peculiar relationship.


 Shen Shang was an Eastern Sea Gu Immortal, he secretly committed many sins to cultivate human path. After Paradise Earth learned of it, he immediately took action.


 Shen Shang could not even take one strike from Paradise Earth, but instead of killing or confining him, Paradise Earth gave him a chance to atone for his sins.


 Thus, Shen Shang entered the blue dragon whale and cultivated bitterly.


 After obtaining Paradise Earth’s help, Shen Shang made progress time and time again, advancing stably.


 With heal injury Immortal Gu as the foundation, he developed and created saving dead healing injuries, light injuries, heavy injuries, fatal injuries, sensory injuries, seven laborious injuries, and other killer moves. Later, he created the killer move countless injury marks, from which he deduced the Immortal Gu recipe of injury mark Immortal Gu. Finally, he refined injury mark Immortal Gu, and changed it to his vital Gu.


 When Fang Yuan explored the blue dragon whale’s aperture, he released Shen Shang.


 Shen Shang cooperated with Fang Yuan according to Paradise Earth’s instructions and participated in the fate war. At the crucial moment, he played a key role and set the crucial foundation for Fang Yuan’s victory over Heavenly Court.


 Shen Shang’s and Paradise Earth’s relationship could be said to be extremely close.


 Back then, when Shen Shang cultivated human path in blue dragon whale, he had received Paradise Earth’s guidance.


 The connection between the two was very deep, second only to the relationship between Lu Wei Yin and Paradise Earth.


 Thus, Shen Shang made this seemingly impudent request. Because back then, Paradise Earth guided him, there was a high chance of him guiding Shen Shang again now that he had revived.


 The only difference was that it was human path before, and now it was heaven path.


 Sure enough, like Shen Shang expected, Paradise Earth directly imparted the information of emotionless heaven and earth to him without any hesitation.


 “I thank lord’s guidance!” Shen Shang bowed with his hands cupped before him, his voice slightly shaking from excitement.


 Paradise Earth nodded, saying with a smile: “Shen Shang, your appearance here can be considered a fortune. Whether we can leave here or not will depend on your talent.”


 “Junior will do his best to not let down lord’s expectation!” Shen Shang was even more excited.


 He was a grand pseudo venerable, but in front of Paradise Earth, he positioned himself as a junior and was extremely humble and respectful.


 He was indebted to Paradise Earth!


 In fact, many people and forces were indebted to Paradise Earth.


 Everyone knew Paradise Earth was the most popular among the ten venerables, even many people of Central Continent respected him.


 The amount of good deeds Paradise Earth had done over his life and the number of people he had helped was inestimable!


 After receiving Paradise Earth’s approval and encouragement, the other Gu Immortals were slightly expectant of Shen Shang.


 Most of them were still placing their hopes on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had made crucial breakthroughs during battles before, he had created reverse flow protection seal, he was the person who defeated Heavenly Court. There were precedents for this.


 Moreover, at present, Fang Yuan’s position was higher than Shen Shang’s.


 The immortals fought and evaded Spectral Soul’s attacks.


 Another head grew on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 This was because Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, Paradise Earth, and Fang Yuan’s joint attacks had cleaved one of his heads into two.


 However, the halved head split, one turning into two, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable gained another head.


 Not only the head, no matter how many of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s arms were destroyed, they quickly grew again.


 His arms were increasing in number, becoming even more sturdy and strong.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s strength was still continuing to grow!


 The fiercer Fang Yuan’s group counterattacked, the faster the speed of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s growth.


 Nurturing strength through battle!


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was already a special venerable, but he could still grow. Compared to the full strength he used before, his strength had clearly risen a lot.


 The immortals were not able to estimate his limits, which firmed up their decision to leave.


 It was too disadvantageous to fight Spectral Soul Demon Venerable inside the Door of Life and Death.


 There were endless soul beasts, there was no use no matter how many were killed.


 All kinds of soul path killer moves covered the world, forcing the immortals to defend with all their strength and concentration.


 “Hmm?” Fang Yuan suddenly showed a peculiar expression.


 This change in expression immediately attracted the gazes of the immortals.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun asked with hope: “Fang Yuan, you made some progress?”


 Fang Yuan nodded before shaking his head: “Yes, there is progress, but it is not the road of life. Let me try this!”


 The moment he said this, Fang Yuan’s aura turned eerie and dark.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley started buzzing and shaking slightly as they resonated with each other, emitting an increasingly bright radiance.


 After the preparation was complete, Fang Yuan’s aura became restrained. He pushed his palm, from which a lump in the form of a grey-white square seal flew out.


 The square seal’s speed was slow, but wherever it passed by, all the souls disintegrated into ashes.


 A large area of the soul beast army was immediately cleared up, even immemorial soul beasts did not have a trace of resistance against this grey-white square seal, they were thinner than even paper!


 The vast soul river that had been shrouding the sky also crumbled apart.


 Most of the soul path killer moves were greatly suppressed and weakened in front of this grey-white square seal.


 The immortals surrounding Fang Yuan were also terrified, a bone-chilling cold feeling spread from the depths of their soul.


 The whole battlefield was silent, even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s breath turned rough when he guarded against this square seal.


 Since the battle started, this was the first time he was breathing roughly and stopped his tsunami-like attacks!


 Immortal killer move — Dang Hun Luo Po Seal!


 “Strong… too strong…” Shen Shang was shaken.


 Even Paradise Earth’s eyes opened wide, turning speechless!


 “This move is terrifying, it can be considered as soul path’s nemesis!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was stunned for a bit before complimenting. He saw the grey-white seal rise up, a hundred of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s giant arms that were in its path were destroyed.


 Even though the grey-white square seal was finally destroyed, the areas where Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s hundred or so giant arms were destroyed still remained empty for a while as if the regenerative ability was exhausted.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s unforeseen disaster killer move was similar to Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, but these soul beasts could still resist unforeseen disaster killer move for a while. However, against Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, they had no ability to resist.


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh: “I am ashamed, I did not manage to deduce the road of life, but gained this instead.”


 “This move is called Dang Hun Luo Po seal, it uses the two sacred lands as the cores, its foundation is the Luo Po seal I created before.”


 “Spectral Soul had once said that Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were sacred lands for soul cultivation. My killer move was developed from the foundation of soul path and suppresses it fundamentally. It is a pity that I only have the two sacred lands, if I had Pacifying Soul Lake as well, I might be able to restrain all soul path methods completely.”


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s eyelids twitched, from Fang Yuan’s tone, it seemed he was still not satisfied with this killer move?


 “Great!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun praised again, encouraging, “Fang Yuan has already combined the two obstacles now, if you can add in Reverse Flow River as well, you should be able to deduce the road of life.”


 Zhan Bu Du gave another suggestion while pointing towards a direction: “No, from what I see, as long as we put this move to good use, with us supporting my main body, there is a huge chance of killing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. Take a look!”


 Following Zhan Bu Du’s finger, the immortals immediately discovered: It was deathly silent in the areas destroyed by Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, they did not restore quickly like before.


 As for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, although the hundred or so giant arms destroyed were regenerating, the speed was very slow.


 Dang Hun Luo Po Seal was a pure soul path killer move, it was amplified in the Door of Life and Death. The soul path dao marks that this move left behind were like the winds of Luo Po Valley and the vibration force of Dang Hun Mountain, they made it difficult for soul beasts to condense into being.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun frowned, analyzing: “Although Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is a Dao Lord and can control the soul path dao marks here to amplify himself while suppressing Fang Yuan’s Dang Hun Luo Po seal, his state of mind is not clear, he only has a Dao Lord’s instincts, so Dang Hun Luo Po seal can also receive amplification here!”


 The immortals’ eyes shined as they saw a new possibility —


 Killing Spectral Soul?



***
Chapter 2198 - Star Constellation Versus Giant Sun


***





 Chapter 2198: Star Constellation Versus Giant Sun 

 Thoughts began to surge rapidly in the immortals’ minds!


 Dang Hun Luo Po Seal was truly amazing, it was a killer weapon against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who had lost his sanity.


 Zhan Bu Du was correct. In the current situation, there was indeed a possibility of relying on Dang Hun Luo Po Seal to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 “Barring unexpected surprises, it is feasible indeed...”


 “It will be very difficult to find an escape route under Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s crazed attacks. However, directly eliminating Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is also an option!”


 “This place is controlled by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, there is small hope of finding a way out. But going against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and killing him will definitely be a life and death battle!”


 They were all speculating.


 Qi Sea Ancestor’s expression sank: “The fact is, don’t we need to step past the obstacle, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, to leave the Door of Life and Death? Even if we shake him off and leave the Door of Life and Death, what if he chases us? At that time, we will have to deal with both Star Constellation and Spectral Soul! It is better to use this chance when Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is busy with infiltrating the Crazed Demon formation to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!”


 The immortals’ minds jolted.


 “Indeed.” Lu Wei Yin mumbled, “We will need to go against Heavenly Court to fight for the eternal life research results. If we can kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now, Heavenly Court’s threat will immediately be halved.”


 “Hmph!” Zhan Bu Du snorted coldly, “What are you still hesitating for? Everyone, the longer we delay, the deeper Star Constellation’s infiltration becomes, she will be closer to the eternal life research results. Regardless of which plan we choose, we need to decide now.”


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, however, frowned, saying in a heavy tone: “It is not that simple, Fang Yuan. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is the number one expert in wisdom path, will she leave behind such an obvious loophole? Right now, I am worried that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control over Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has a time limit. Once the time limit is up, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable might get out of this predicament by himself. At that time, we will have Spectral Soul Demon Venerable as an ally.”


 “If we really attack Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, whether we win or Spectral Soul Demon Venerable wins, even if it is a draw, both sides will be injured, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will still be the biggest winner.”


 The immortals were silent.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun made sense, since this was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, there was no such thing as overestimating her planning.


 “Giant Sun, when do you think Spectral Soul Demon Venerable will leave the control and gain his rationality?” Fang Yuan asked with a sharp gaze, “Let’s take your speculation a step further. Suppose Star Constellation Immortal Venerable intentionally left this loophole and lured us into thinking this way, in fact, even if Star Constellation can only control Spectral Soul Demon for some time, if she were to obtain the eternal life research results during this time, what do we do?”


 “Then, Fang Yuan, you are intent on fighting to the death? Under this situation?” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun fixed his gaze on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not yield, matching his gaze.


 The atmosphere between the immortals suddenly became tense.


 Right at this time, Shen Shang shouted: “I succeeded, I succeeded. My killer move is complete!”


 Paradise Earth said with a heavy voice: “Shen Shang, what are your chances?”


 “Eighty percent!” Shen Shang was excited, “This move was incomplete before as it lacked heaven path results. But the lacking part is not the crucial core. My intuition is telling me strongly that this move has an eighty percent success rate. There is still room for improvement, but it is already complete now and can be used.”


 Fang Yuan and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun retracted their gazes.


 Fang Yuan said: “Then, let’s protect Shen Shang while he attempts it.”


 Previously, Fang Yuan and the rest succeeded in protecting Paradise Earth. With Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, there was no problem in protecting Shen Shang.


 Immortal killer move — Heaven Always Leaves A Way Out For People!


 After a while, amidst the tidal wave-like offense of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Shen Shang activated the killer move, creating a narrow path.


 The path was long and winding, it could not compare to luck changing golden light path. But it pierced through the Door of Life and Death, the immortals even saw the vague scene of the outside world at the end of the path.


 The immortals were surprised and joyous.


 Shen Shang laughed heartily, calling out with his arms raised: “It succeeded.”


 Paradise Earth smiled: “I was right about you.”


 “Hundreds of years eastern immortal leader, with half of a venerable’s talent, your reputation matches your abilities indeed.” Qi Sea Ancestor cupped his fists.


 “We all owe you a favor for getting out of this predicament.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue did not stint on praising.


 “Let’s go.” Zhan Bu Du still took the lead, he was very suitable in opening up a path.


 The immortals did not have any hesitation, they protected each other as they stepped on the narrow path.


 Shen Shang’s killer move was unique, even the Door of Life and Death could not stop these Gu Immortals from escaping successfully.


 When the immortals got out of the Door of Life and Death, they prepared for a fight.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s mad roars came from the Door of Life and Death, the whole giant door shook constantly.


 But in the end, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not step out of the Door of Life and Death!


 “So it was like this, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is not able to exit the Door of Life and Death for some reason.”


 “No wonder Star Constellation Immortal Venerable lured us inside.”


 “Maybe Spectral Soul Demon Venerable can come out, but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method of control is most effective inside the Door of Life and Death.”


 The Gu Immortals let out sighs of relief as they made guesses.


 “Quick, let’s go to the Crazed Demon formation. So much time has passed, who knows how much progress Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has made?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue reminded.


 Before the immortals left, they used their methods to try to destroy the immortal graveyard.


 However, the killer moves were all absorbed by the Door of Life and Death.


 “No use. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangements are exquisite, this immortal graveyard is closely connected with the Door of Life and Death. If we want to destroy the immortal graveyard, we need to destroy the Door of Life and Death first.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun sighed and left.


 It was because they saw through this, he and Fang Yuan had chosen to invade the Door of Life and Death.


 Naturally, there were also many other reasons.


 “This method can be broken, and we can separate the immortal graveyard from the Door of Life and Death. But we don’t have time. Let’s go, onwards to the Crazed Demon formation!” Fang Yuan also turned around and left.


 The immortals did not delay as they followed closely behind.


 After the destruction of Primordial Domain, the eighth and ninth layer could be easily traveled to and fro.


 When Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, and the rest once again arrived before the Crazed Demon formation, only thirty percent of this formation remained.


 A large number of truthful floating ice pieces were already melted, the remaining truthful floating ice pieces had expanded several times their previous size.


 Bam.


 Right at this time, a truthful floating ice piece suddenly detonated, turning into countless ice fragments.


 Most of the ice fragments dissipated on the spot, and a small portion floated towards the formation, joining other truthful floating ice pieces.


 “In this battle, Primordial Domain was lost, Giant Sun, Star Constellation, and even Spectral Soul have already become supreme grandmasters. If these eternal life research results derived by the Crazed Demon formation for over a million years are also seized by these people, that would truly be a crushing defeat!”


 “If I cannot compete for it, I might have to destroy the final truthful floating ice piece and let no one gain anything.”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was icy as he charged towards the formation.


 The other Gu Immortals also charged forward.


 This group contained the strongest people of the current world; Fang Yuan, Giant Sun, Paradise Earth, Qi Sea, Zhan Bu Du, Shen Shang, Qi Jue, and Lu Wei Yin. This lineup was truly horrifying and suffocating.


 “Terrifying!” Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s face was pale, he felt the intense killing intent even inside Demon Judgment Board.


 “Don’t even think of it!” Even under the huge pressure, Heavenly Court Gu Immortals still walked forward.


 It was Duke Mei!


 Not only Duke Mei, Duke Tong, Golden Hooped Great Immortal, and others moved forward to block the path.


 “Get lost!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun shouted coldly. Golden light bloomed, turning into a giant palm that sent several people flying.


 Hu Land appeared above Qi Sea Ancestor, qi waves surged and turned into a qi wall that blocked Ruan Dan and Fairy Maiden Soul.


 Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch attacked while riding on Shabi Ninety-five, Shen Shang and Demon Immortal Qi Jue were stopped by the killer move, their momentum stopping immediately.


 “Damn it!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue furiously activated the killer move Xi Xi, suppressing Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch.


 Shen Shang attacked in coordination with a cold expression.


 Seven Fiendish Primeval Monarch held on for a few breaths of time before he was killed by Qi Jue and Shen Shang. Shabi Ninety-five was also hacked into two, dying on the spot!


 Although Heavenly Court’s members were strong, they were too weak in front of Fang Yuan’s group, of which the weakest was still at pseudo venerable level.


 Moreover, they did not have the help of immortal formations or Immortal Gu Houses in this fight, they were using their lives to delay the enemies.


 In just a short while, Heavenly Court’s side suffered huge casualties.


 However, they also achieved their goal; Fang Yuan’s group’s momentum slowed down.


 “Heavenly Court has the Door of Life and Death and the immortal graveyard, so what if these Gu Immortals died? They will revive soon without any loss to their battle strength.”


 “If we want to fight our way into the formation, we need to control a part of it.”


 Lu Wei Yin and Zhan Bu Du called out.


 Starlight appeared, before Lu Wei Yin and Zhan Bu Du could react, they were sent flying by the starlight.


 Starlight specks shone as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revealed herself. She looked around and sighed: “You are all too anxious, Crazed Demon formation’s derivations are at the final juncture, you cannot act recklessly. What will we do if Limitless’ painstaking efforts of over a million years are destroyed?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression was cold, while Immortal Zombie Giant Sun smiled and said with his gaze fixed on Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: “Since that is the case, I might as well wait for them. But we cannot waste time now. Star Constellation, let us settle this once and for all!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s gaze lingered: “I would like to see your skills too. Please go ahead and make your move.”


 The moment she finished speaking, the void fluctuated, stardust flew, creating vertical and horizontal starry paths, forming a grand chessboard.


 At the center of the chessboard was the Crazed Demon formation, while Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan, Longevity Heaven, and other Gu Immortals were all inside the chessboard.


 “Star Constellation Chessboard!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s eyes shone sharply.


 Paradise Earth smiled as he came to realization: “So Star Constellation Chessboard was an Immortal Gu House as well as an immortal formation. But there are no records of this transformation.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable answered Paradise Earth: “This was modified by me after I regained my Dao Lord status. Please do critique it.”


 Qi Sea Ancestor attacked directly without waiting for her to finish speaking.


 Qi surged and shook the surroundings.


 For a moment, starry paths vanished and stardust was swept away.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable threw down a chess piece.


 The chess piece turned into Nine Spiritual Fairy in midair. Nine Spiritual Fairy had already activated her transformation path killer move to turn into a kingfisher, she shot towards Qi Sea Ancestor with an astonishing speed.


 Qi Sea Ancestor fought with her. After three to four rounds, there was still no clear victor.


 Nine Spiritual Fairy was clearly strengthened by the formation.


 After five to six rounds, Nine Spiritual Fairy had already transformed three times, but was starting to fall into danger.


 But right at this time, chess pieces fell down; Wan Zi Hong, Bai Cang Shui, Jun Shen Guang, Zhou Xiong Xin, and other immortals attacked. The battlefield instantly turned chaotic.


 After just a few rounds, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun saw the ingenuity behind this.


 These Heavenly Court members were formation cores of Star Constellation Chessboard Formation. Under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control, their coordination was extremely good.


 As more and more Gu Immortals entered the battle, the situation became increasingly chaotic, and Heavenly Court’s advantage got bigger.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun snorted coldly, he broke free from the chaotic battlefield and charged directly towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not evade this time, she met Immortal Zombie Giant Sun head on.


 A fight between two venerables could be said to be unprecedented!


 Starlight flickered strongly, golden light spread, the whole battlefield was dyed golden and blue.


 The aftermath of the two venerables’ fight created a vast qi tide that was much worse than the past qi tides.


 On one end, there was a wisdom path supreme grandmaster, the second generation Immortal King of Heavenly Court, an unmatched strategist with dazzling achievements. On the other end, there was the number one person in luck path who changed the luck of countless lives, he controlled Northern Plains and spread his bloodline widely.


 They were evenly matched!



***
Chapter 2199 - Star Constellation’s Difficulty


***





 Chapter 2199: Star Constellation’s Difficulty 

 All kinds of killer moves and methods were activated endlessly by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 Some killer moves were domineering, spanning across heaven and earth. Some methods were exquisite and dazzling, splitting the universe.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was like a golden meteor, charging forward bravely.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s body flickered as she moved around in Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, leaving behind starlight shadows that attacked Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 Moreover, even when fighting, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was still controlling Star Constellation Chessboard Formation to help Heavenly Court members.


 Prince Feng Xian used phoenix flames, Bai Cang Shui let out a large blue river, flower petals rained down below Wan Zi Hong... All kinds of killer moves were used repeatedly, and under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s support, the conflicts between them were greatly reduced, forming waves of attacks that followed one after the other with short gaps between each other. Lu Wei Yin and others got a feeling of Heavenly Court’s attacks being continuous and unending.


 Fang Yuan frowned, commenting in his mind: “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has astonishing wisdom path attainment, even though Immortal Zombie Giant Sun is fighting her, he is not able to force out her limits. She still has the energy to support others and control the whole battlefield.”


 “So, from another angle, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun also hasn’t used his full strength?”


 The two venerables were fighting, although there were huge explosions and countless methods used, their power did not go beyond Qi Sea Ancestor’s Hu elevation killer move.


 Be they Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, they were wary of triggering Limitless’ countermeasures.


 A venerable’s foundation was unfathomable, if any one side were to trigger Limitless’ countermeasures, the other side would gain an advantage.


 Naturally, the important thing was that both venerables wanted to obtain the eternal life research results!


 The value of this research was enormous to the point of being inestimable.


 In the deadlock between venerables, if a venerable could obtain the eternal life research results, they could likely break the balance and become the strongest among the venerables!


 Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were coveting the eternal life research results, so they had to restrain themselves right now. If they destroyed this formation in the midst of the intense battle, that would be a huge problem.


 They were not Limitless, these truthful floating ice pieces were nurtured for over a million years. If any one of them was destroyed, the venerables would not be able to substitute it.


 “Since it is so....” Fang Yuan’s eyes shined brightly for a while, he suddenly commanded, “Qi Sea!”


 Qi Sea Ancestor received the main body’s voice transmission, he immediately used a killer move without hesitation.


 Immortal killer move — Hu Elevation!


 The terrifying qi path killer move descended once again.


 The immortals evaded immediately.


 Even the allied group of Qi Jue and Lu Wei Yin was the same.


 “Are you insane?’


 “Aren’t you afraid of triggering Limitless’ retaliation again?”


 “No, maybe this is Fang Yuan’s intention. Truly... amazing!”


 The Gu Immortals were bewildered for a while before coming to a realization.


 Lu Wei Yin’s group was joyous, while the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were worried.


 Sure enough, at the next moment, chains appeared from thin air and bound Qi Sea Ancestor.


 But the thing was, Qi Sea Ancestor was currently on Star Constellation Chessboard Formation.


 Limitless’ countermeasures attacked Qi Sea, they naturally would not leave Star Constellation Chessboard Formation out.


 Fang Yuan wanted to get the help of Limitless’ countermeasures to break Star Constellation Chessboard Formation!


 But at the next moment.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suddenly got away from Immortal Zombie Giant Sun: “Fang Yuan, your scheme is wonderful, but how could I have not prepared for such a huge flaw? Please take a look.”


 The moment her words landed, starlight bloomed, many of the horizontal and vertical starry paths moved and attached on Limitless’ chains.


 After a few breaths of time, Limitless’ chains were bound by starry paths and were under Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control now.


 Star Constellation Chessboard Formation was not disturbed by Limitless’ countermeasures, instead, it made use of them. The strength of these chains were used to make Star Constellation Chessboard Formation even firmer.


 “How could this be?!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s expression changed.


 Lu Wei Yin said through gritted teeth: “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has prepared too well, her infiltration of Crazed Demon Cave is too deep.”


 This was not strange.


 After all, when Crazed Demon Cave was just constructed, Limitless Demon Venerable attacked Heavenly Court and made a bet with Star Constellation’s will.


 That was to say, Heavenly Court had begun infiltrating Crazed Demon Cave the moment it was established.


 This infiltration lasted over a million years!


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun obtained Savage Wilderness Great World, his infiltration of Crazed Demon Cave was about three hundred thousand years or so, it was not even half the time of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s infiltration.


 Moreover, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path, which excelled in infiltrating.


 And Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s Yellow Earth Great World was only established over a hundred thousand years ago.


 As for Fang Yuan, he was the most miserable one.


 Although he came in touch with Crazed Demon Cave about ten or so years ago, his infiltration time of the Crazed Demon formation was almost zero.


 If the Door of Life and Death was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s home ground. Then Crazed Demon Cave was over fifty percent the home ground of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, while Immortal Zombie Giant Sun only had less than half the home ground advantage. Fang Yuan was like a guest, his understanding of Crazed Demon Cave mostly came from Paradise Earth’s information.


 Star Constellation Chessboard gained Limitless’ chains, becoming even more powerful.


 Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were unafraid of death, they used their lives to tie down the pseudo venerable opponents.


 After all, an Immortal Venerable was helping them.


 Naturally, they could not obstruct Fang Yuan’s main body!


 Fang Yuan’s main body moved towards the sky and joined Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s battle.


 As for Qi Sea Ancestor, he was bound by the chains. He could not even be put back into the sovereign immortal aperture, and could only leave his protection to Zhan Bu Du and others.


 “Then, let’s try this move.” Fang Yuan took a deep breath, his gaze shining brightly.


 Immortal killer move — Five Restriction Profound Light Qi!


 Five colored light qi rapidly spread from around Fang Yuan. Be they Heavenly Court Gu Immortals or Lu Wei Yin’s group, they all retreated.


 They would suffer backlash every moment they fought in this five restriction profound light qi.


 Five regional walls were manifesting once again through Fang Yuan’s hands!


 “This move again!” Prince Feng Xian and others gritted their teeth.


 This move came from Tao Zhu, it had repeatedly made things difficult for Heavenly Court during the fate war and in Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance space.


 Right now, it became Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s issue!


 Five restriction profound light qi was spreading in Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately felt its effects as she started suffering backlash.


 Those chains of Limitless on starry paths began to shake, eager to take action.


 “Five restriction profound light qi is suppressed in this formation. But it looks like Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has not been able to find a way to break it.”


 “However... this method will trigger Limitless’ countermeasures.”


 Fang Yuan observed carefully.


 It was not strange for it to trigger Limitless’ countermeasures. Five restriction profound light qi was the nemesis of Gu formations and Immortal Gu Houses, the Crazed Demon formation was also restrained. Inside five restriction profound light qi, the Crazed Demon formation would also suffer backlash, breaking apart eventually.


 Limitless’ arrangements would naturally detect this threat, so it was normal for five restriction profound light qi to trigger the countermeasures.


 This was why Fang Yuan did not use five restriction profound light qi earlier.


 As for the Door of Life and Death, there were too many soul path dao marks, even five restriction profound light qi would be suppressed. Moreover, even if the light qi became dense and formed five regional walls, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and the rest would also be endangered, it was not worth it.


 But the current situation was different.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s methods were amazing, she actually used Star Constellation Chessboard Formation to forcibly merge Limitless’ chains. At this stage, Fang Yuan suddenly used five restriction profound light qi to oppose it!


 In an instant, the amount of things Star Constellation Immortal Venerable needed to calculate increased by over ten times.


 She had to deal with Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, help Heavenly Court members fight the pseudo venerables, forcibly control Limitless’ chains, and also accelerate the Crazed Demon formation to quickly produce eternal life research results.


 Now, Fang Yuan activated five restriction profound light qi in Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had to endure the backlash as well as suppress Limitless’ chains.


 Fang Yuan’s five restriction profound light qi was of extreme threat to the Crazed Demon formation, Limitless’ chains were doing everything they could to shackle him. But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable must suppress it, if she did not suppress it and let it take effect freely, it would severely interfere and ultimately destroy Star Constellation Chessboard Formation.


 Once the formation was destroyed, just these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals, even if they had the immortal graveyard, could not block the bloodthirsty pseudo venerables.


 At that time, even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable blocked Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Fang Yuan, she would not be able to guard the eternal life research results, and the pseudo venerables would gain them.


 There were no two ways about it, Heavenly Court had too little manpower after all.


 Even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had revived, her enemies were too numerous!


 “Five restriction profound light qi, what an amazing move!” Shen Shang praised as he saw through the situation.


 Even he felt bad for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!



***
Chapter 2200 - Luck Gamble!


***





 Chapter 2200: Luck Gamble! 

 Fang Yuan activated five restriction profound light qi which inflicted backlash to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable at every moment. But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable needed to suppress Limitless’ chains and control them, she was basically protecting Fang Yuan.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable heaved a deep sigh.


 Even if she was the number one person in the wisdom path, she had more problems than she could cope with.


 From her point of view: Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was the strongest enemy in her life, she had to pay enough attention to him. Comparatively, Fang Yuan’s threat was lower, but he could not be ignored. After all, many venerables had invested in him, even Star Costellation’s will had invested in him when Spectral Soul refined sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Fang Yuan could not be left alone, if he was allowed to act as he pleased, he would give her huge problems!


 Having this understanding, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suddenly took out Book Mountain.


 A chess piece flew out, it was Zhou Xiong Xin!


 Zhou Xiong Xin landed on the middle of the mountain and controlled it with all his strength.


 Book Mountain let out golden light, they were actually Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s luck path killer moves.


 These luck path killer moves attacked Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, stopping him temporarily.


 Almost at the same time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable attacked Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not activate Dang Hun Luo Po Seal.


 This method was amplified by his countless dao marks, it was far stronger than Hu elevation. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could disregard the cost to retrieve Star Constellation Chessboard Formation and release Limitless’ chains.


 Adding on the previous accumulated ‘hatred’ towards five restriction profound light qi, Fang Yuan would be fiercely shackled by Limitless’ chains, his situation would be even worse than Qi Sea Ancestor’s.


 At that time, Fang Yuan would lose his battle strength, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could take out Star Constellation Chessboard again and make the situation greatly advantageous for Heavenly Court.


 Naturally, in the process of Star Constellation Chessboard being stored and taken out, it would be damaged, and even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would suffer damage.


 But how great would this damage be?


 According to Fang Yuan’s estimation, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could endure it.


 So, Fang Yuan did not attack, instead he retreated into the five restriction profound light qi.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled.


 Fang Yuan’s action was within her expectations.


 Information about Dang Hun Luo Po Seal had already been transmitted from the Door of Life and Death. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was slightly disappointed that Fang Yuan did not use this method.


 But, Fang Yuan retreating into the five restriction profound light qi made it convenient for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to take her next action.


 At the next moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave a cry. Hundreds of vertical and horizontal starry paths twisted and turned like water waves, they quickly gathered and weaved an azure sphere, covering all the five restriction profound light qi and Fang Yuan inside.


 Fang Yuan was actually sealed.


 Five restriction profound light qi was still continuing to spread, but the space inside the azure sphere was vast. It would take a long time to fill it completely.


 “An excellent response.” Fang Yuan praised.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used wisdom path and star path to imitate space path. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not break five restriction profound light qi, but found a way to restrain it.


 This response was amazing, not only did she use Star Constellation Chessboard Formation to a whole new level, there were extraordinary methods like dao embroidery used as well.


 Fang Yuan was trapped, but he was not hurried.


 He waited for Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s performance.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was extremely shrewd, he definitely realized Heavenly Court’s weakness and his side’s advantage.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took the risk to deal with Fang Yuan, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had a good chance of success over on his end. On the contrary, if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable dealt with Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, Fang Yuan could make some arrangements. Although the strength of these cheap tricks was small, they would definitely cause great annoyance to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. If they were not resolved immediately, these cheap tricks would become the key to suppressing Heavenly Court!


 Sure enough, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun shouted, a giant wave of golden light pushed Book Mountain aside as it charged towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Book Mountain was sent flying like a meteor.


 Zhou Xiong Xin, who was on the mountain, was already smashed to a pulp. This was the price of forcefully controlling Book Mountain!


 This rank eight expert used all his strength but only stopped Immortal Zombie Giant Sun for a few breaths of time. This was the case even when he had Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s help, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun had also restrained his strength to prevent damaging Limitless’ formation.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun managed to get some free time, he immediately began preparing a method.


 This chance did not come easily. When he fought with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable earlier, they attacked constantly, he had no such chances.


 However, at the next moment.


 “This killer move is finally complete.” Golden Hooped Great Immortal suddenly appeared, “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, you fooled me, I invited you to Heavenly Court as a guest, but you took the chance to make your arrangements. During the fate war, Heavenly Court headquarters was ambushed by your Longevity Heaven!”


 The moment he finished speaking, Golden Hooped Great Immortal used his life and all his cultivation to activate a killer move.


 The mysterious light shone down and fell on Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s head, turning into a golden hoop.


 The golden hoop bound Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s forehead, causing his mind and body to turn slightly sluggish.


 A female immortal appeared behind Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 It was Qin Ding Ling!


 “Giant Sun, I am repaying you for all the humiliation you have given me back then!!” Qin Ding Ling shouted, slamming her hands on Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s back.


 Immortal killer move — Luck Gamble!


 A black and white Gu worm resembling a die flew out of Qin Ding Ling’s phantom aperture, it rolled rapidly before coming to a stop.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun — Three!


 The die Gu worm rolled once again before coming to a stop, revealing a number on its surface.


 Qin Ding Ling — Five!


 Bam!


 In an instant, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s vast luck was transferred to Qin Ding Ling.


 Qin Ding Ling’s body shook, her face reddened, and her teeth clattered together. She could only endure with all her strength and had no strength to fight for the moment.


 “Back then, when I forcibly took away a portion of Crazed Demon Cave’s Thieving Heaven true inheritance, a mysterious Immortal Gu escaped, I could not catch it in time. It seems like it was obtained by you in the end.” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun came to a realization.


 Qin Ding Ling perspired profusely as she took in the endless luck while replying with hatred: “To deal with you, I gave up on metal path, I sealed and buried myself deep under the earth in a metal coffin, cultivating in seclusion as I comprehended luck path. During these three hundred thousand years, this gamble Gu was attracted to me and came to the metal coffin one day. From that moment, I realized this was the backlash of you forcefully taking Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance, it is also my fortuitous encounter to take revenge. Gamble, gamble, let us gamble with our lives!”


 The intense golden light around Immortal Zombie Giant Sun dimmed rapidly.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s expression turned solemn.


 The foundation of his combat system was based on powerful and prosperous luck. He had all kinds of killer moves that helped him to maintain positive and powerful luck, for instance, the unforeseen disaster killer move he used in the Door of Life and Death, to extract his bad luck to deal with the enemy. Although it reduced the size of his luck, his luck path methods quickly restored it, on the whole, his luck became even better.


 Once Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s positive luck was stronger than the enemy’s, his defense, offense, healing and other aspects would also rise based on the difference, always being higher than his enemy’s.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s methods were extremely powerful and exquisite. Under the support of such a combat system, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was invincible.


 His luck path methods had never been spread, how could other Gu Immortals seize his luck?


 Most Gu Immortals’ luck would fall to rock-bottom within ten or so rounds, while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s strength would continue to rise.


 While it looked like Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was in a stalemate with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the fact was that he had already accumulated a huge advantage in terms of luck. At the final juncture, when the Crazed Demon formation stops and the eternal life research results emerge, without Limitless’ retaliation anymore, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could erupt with extreme strength.


 But now, Qin Ding Ling dug at his foundation!


 Qin Ding Ling had almost performed a miracle!


 Just based on gamble Gu, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s retaliation would not be able to accomplish this.


 Just Qin Ding Ling alone also could not accomplish this.


 Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s arrangements and schemes alone could not dig at Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s foundation.


 But these three factors joined to achieve a miracle-like achievement!


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun immediately activated a killer move, his thoughts increased and collided rapidly: “I fell for Star Constellation’s scheme.”


 “She had already prepared this trump card to deal with me, but just did not have a chance before.”


 “When Fang Yuan used five restriction profound light qi, she saw the chance.”


 “She intentionally left to deal with Fang Yuan, even throwing out Book Mountain, it was just to show me weakness.”


 “She succeeded after all!”


 Book Mountain was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, but in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes, it was only a chess piece that could be casually thrown.


 In fact, many Heavenly Court members on Star Constellation Chessboard Formation were all Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s chess pieces.


 Even Fang Yuan was used by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to lure Immortal Zombie Giant Sun!


 Just like how Immortal Zombie Giant Sun took Heavenly Court as his enemy, Heavenly Court also considered Longevity Heaven and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun as an obstacle.


 Fang Yuan?


 Although Fang Yuan was very strong, even destroying fate Gu, he was selected by heaven’s will and received the help of venerables. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used Fang Yuan, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also made arrangements for Fang Yuan...


 Fang Yuan was a chess piece.


 Even if Fang Yuan’s ambition was huge, wanting to become a refinement path venerable, turning into a player from a chess piece, Primordial Domain was already destroyed, how could he become refinement path Demon Venerable?


 If he could not become venerable, even if he had more dao marks, he would only be a pseudo venerable.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already returned to being Dao Lords!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable left Fang Yuan and returned to fight Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 “Go.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable pointed at Qin Ding Ling, Star Constellation Chessboard Formation activated, the chess piece Qin Ding Ling immediately disappeared on the spot and appeared at the edge of the battlefield.


 The killer move luck gamble was already activated, Qin Ding Ling had completed this crucial part!


 Luck gamble!


 After Qin Ding Ling recovered, she activated the killer move again.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun — Three!


 Qin Ding Ling — Two!


 Boom...


 At this time, Qin Ding Ling’s luck surged out and transferred back to Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 Luck gamble killer move’s power was like this, it could not be controlled by people. The numbers determined victory or defeat, but the outcome was determined randomly, even Qin Ding Ling, who was the user could not influence it.



***
Chapter 2201 - Damn You, Fang Yuan!


***





 Chapter 2201: Damn You, Fang Yuan! 

 Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had expended his own theft path dao marks to refine this gamble Gu!


 Gamble Gu gave random results that could not be influenced by anyone.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was special, he was an otherworldly demon who possessed otherworldly dao marks. Thieving Heaven’s space was founded on the basis of his otherworldly dao marks. Meanwhile, gamble Gu was refined with his otherworldly theft path dao marks.


 Gamble Gu did not have any offensive power by itself, it was powerless no matter what the result was. But the luck gamble killer move that used it as the core was extremely dangerous.


 Whether it succeeded or failed, there was no way to predict it.


 But it was because of this characteristic, even Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s luck could not interfere with it.


 The probability of winning the luck gamble was equal for both Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Qin Ding Ling.


 Qin Ding Ling won the previous time, now, it was Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s win.


 However, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun did not feel any joy.


 Because whether she lost or won, Qin Ding Ling would only profit.


 The reason?


 It was due to the profundity of luck path.


 Luck was essentially categorized into two types: good luck and bad luck. The size of luck varied from person to person; in general, the higher the cultivation, the larger the luck.


 Comparing Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s and Qin Ding Ling’s luck.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s luck was extremely vast, it was at Dao Lord level. There was little bad luck, while good luck occupied the majority of it.


 And Qin Ding Ling?


 Qin Ding Ling’s luck was far smaller than Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s. Bad luck occupied most of it, while good luck was little.


 Qin Ding Ling was only a rank eight expert, her luck would naturally be smaller than Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s.


 Luck was a variable! She was against a powerful enemy like Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, with the luck of all living beings influencing each other, even if she had good luck, it would be affected and turned into bad luck.


 Thus, firstly, Qin Ding Ling’s luck was far smaller than her opponent’s. She was basically gambling with a smaller chip, this was a huge advantage in itself.


 Secondly, Qin Ding Ling had a lot of bad luck, when it was transferred to Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, it would contaminate his luck as well.


 The basis of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s combat system was positive and powerful luck. This had two crucial points, one was he needed to have vast luck, the other was that his luck needed to be positive, which meant the more good luck he had, the better.


 If Qin Ding Ling won more and lost less in the luck gamble, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s luck would greatly decrease. If Qin Ding Ling won less and lost more, even though Immortal Zombie Giant Sun would obtain her luck, it would mostly contain bad luck.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun fell into a dilemma.


 He had many methods to transform his bad luck into good luck. But this process would spend immortal essence and mental energy, he would be sacrificing many opportunities when he battled Star Constellation Immortal Venerable again.


 Even worse was that once he turned his bad luck into good luck, and he lost to Qin Ding Ling in the next luck gamble, what would he do?


 Would he not be reinforcing the enemy?


 Bam bam bam...


 There was a chain of self-detonations, over thirty truthful floating ice pieces were destroyed.


 There was only ten percent or so remaining of the Crazed Demon formation!


 The Crazed Demon formation’s power continued to weaken, there was also only about forty percent remaining of the great world in the eighth layer. Everything was used to nurture the central truthful floating ice piece.


 The three Crazed Demon Eccentrics continued to carve the truthful floating ice, their expressions becoming fanatic.


 The strength of Limitless’ countermeasures originated from the Crazed Demon formation. If not for this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Immortal Zombie Giant Sun would have already destroyed the source of Limitless’ countermeasures.


 Back then, Limitless Demon Venerable had deliberately arranged it as one whole to make others hold themselves back if they wanted to obtain eternal life research results. They had to accept the threat and be indistinctly restricted by the countermeasures.


 As the Crazed Demon formation continued to disappear, the upper limits of strength in the Gu Immortals’ fight continued to rise.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun used more powerful methods.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable similarly raised the strength of her skills.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was being hindered by Qin Ding Ling, he unavoidably fell into a disadvantage.


 “We must kill Qin Ding Ling!” This became a general consensus.


 Not only Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, other pseudo venerables also attacked.


 But this was Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, since Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s painstaking scheme against Immortal Zombie Giant Sun succeeded, how could she let Qin Ding Ling be attacked easily?


 “The situation is not good, we need to reinforce Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!”


 “If we want to support Giant Sun, we need to kill Qin Ding Ling. At worst, we need to disturb and break her killer move.”


 “But Star Constellation Chessboard Formation can transfer her anywhere instantly, so we still need to destroy this formation first!”


 After back and forth discussions, it still returned to the starting point.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Stars shot forward one after the other, destroying the protective golden light, and forcing Immortal Zombie Giant Sun to retreat.


 Guh.


 He coughed out cold, dark corpse blood. Starlight shone on his chest, no matter how his golden light spread, the starlight was still shining brightly. His injuries were very heavy!


 Because of Qin Ding Ling impeding him, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s battle strength had fallen sharply. He was actually showing signs of defeat in the battle with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable!


 Looking at Immortal Zombie Giant Sun coughing blood, the expressions of Lu Wei Yin and the others changed.


 Was Immortal Zombie Giant Sun going to lose in the battle of two venerables?


 The previous battle situation already proved that Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was the strongest battle strength in the allied forces, second was Gu Yue Fang Yuan. If Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were to be defeated, that would mean the allied forces lost!


 However, no matter how unwilling Lu Wei Yin and the rest were, they were aware that it was normal for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to have such an advantage.


 There were many factors that influenced a fight between Gu Immortals.


 One was cultivation level and number of dao marks. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were equal in this.


 Second was immortal essence and Immortal Gu. Both sides were about the same.


 Third was battle experience. It was a draw between Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun.


 Fourth was external environment, whether it could be used or not. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable exceeded Immortal Zombie Giant Sun in this aspect, at least, it was true for the moment.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun used Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace, Calamity Luck Altar, and Savage Wilderness Great World. He then allied with Fang Yuan, deliberately destroyed Primordial Domain, then allied with Fang Yuan again to explore the Crazed Demon formation and the Door of Life and Death.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable fought many battles using the strength of Book Mountain, Primordial Domain, Crazed Demon formation, immortal graveyard, Door of Life and Death, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Green Lotus Great World, Star Constellation Chessboard, and Limitless’ countermeasures.


 Fifth were combat methods. Gu formations, battlefield killer moves, Gu houses, and all kinds of killer moves. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Immortal Zombie Giant Sun were both excellent beyond doubt in this aspect, it was hard to tell who was better.


 Sixth was combat system.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s combat system contained extremely powerful potential for later, but it was miraculously cracked by Qin Ding Ling.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also possessed an exceptional combat system which she had been using all along.


 This combat system was the combined combat systems of Ming Hao, Yu Xiu, and Feng Ya.


 In the offensive aspect, the main method was Fairy Ming Hao’s flying star killer move.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals often used exquisite killer moves because of the superiority of their path. These killer moves usually contained many Gu worms and had complicated procedures for activation. This was why the calculation ability of wisdom path Gu Immortals was extraordinary, only then could they control their killer moves properly.


 But in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s combat system, the flying star method was almost the only method in the offensive aspect, it could be said to be extremely lacking and unvaried!


 Was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable intentionally throwing away the obvious advantage of wisdom path?


 That was not the case.


 First of all, the killer move flying star looked simple but that was not true. If it was used repeatedly one after the other, every move would be a consecutive move. Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was hit by so many stars that by now, the injuries caused by the stars had reached the point of inflicting serious injuries.


 Secondly, the deficiency in the offensive aspect was exactly Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s ingenuity.


 Looking at the whole combat system, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took out the calculation requirement from the offense aspect and transferred it onto herself, letting her have an immense grasp over the battle situation at all times!


 It was because of this grasp over the situation that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could use all the surrounding resources to the limit, even as the weak side, she could win against the strong, against the strong alliance army that had high numbers, she actually led Heavenly Court to the height of victory.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s combat system could use the environment to suppress enemies and use emotions to affect them. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was one of the victims.


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were equal in many aspects. However, in this deadlock, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s combat system was obstructed, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable continued to maintain her combat system and her advantages.


 These advantages were insignificant alone, but they stacked together until Immortal Zombie Giant Sun fell into the danger of losing!


 “Fang Yuan, it is time to stake our lives and fight, what are you still hesitating for?!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun suddenly shot towards the azure sphere.


 Luck path killer moves erupted like a rainstorm, attempting to break the sphere and release Fang Yuan.


 But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was already guarded against this. She immediately attacked, star shadows flickered, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun suffered a heavy attack again, his killer move was also destroyed halfway.


 “We must help Fang Yuan, he will reinforce Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.” Lu Wei Yin called out.


 Paradise Earth sighed: “Sigh, if my tomb had not been destroyed, I would have venerable cultivation level now and be able to resolve this predicament.”


 “These damned fodder!” Zhan Bu Du waved his punch, killing another Heavenly Court member. However, these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals would revive shortly afterwards, there was no way to kill them completely.


 What’s more, there was still Qi Sea Ancestor behind Zhan Bu Du.


 Half of the Limitless’ chains on Qi Sea Ancestor had already disappeared.


 On one hand, other Gu Immortals were helping him, on the other hand, the Crazed Demon formation itself was shrinking. The upper limit of strength in the Gu Immortals’ fights was continuously increasing, there was now a much higher tolerance for the killer move Hu elevation.


 However, Qi Sea Ancestor still did not have the strength to protect himself, he required Zhan Bu Du’s constant protection.


 “Everyone, protect me!” Paradise Earth shouted, retreating to the center of the group.


 The other immortals protected him and gave Paradise Earth precious time to use his killer move.


 Heaven path killer move — Heavenly Summary Earthly Norm.


 A mysterious aura spread from his body and charged towards the azure sphere like an air wave.


 This killer move was extremely profound, it could restore heaven and earth to its normal state, it was the nemesis of battlefield killer moves.


 It was perfect to break the encirclement!


 The azure sphere was already enduring the pressure from Fang Yuan, now that the killer move heavenly summary earthly norm hit, it immediately collapsed.


 Fang Yuan gave a loud shout, as he flew out like a tiger let out of its cage.


 “Paradise Earth, I hope you can lend me a hand again!” Fang Yuan sent out a multi-colored rainbow, taking Paradise Earth as he charged towards Qin Ding Ling!


 Heaven path killer move — Heavenly Summary Earthly Norm!


 Paradise Earth took in a deep breath, after using the killer move, his orifices started bleeding, his face became pale as paper.


 Formless air currents moved forward, everywhere they went, starry paths broke down, turning into nothingness.


 Without the starry paths, it was difficult for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to move Qin Ding Ling.


 Her eyes flickered with cold light, she immediately gave up on rescuing Qin Ding Ling and fiercely attacked Immortal Zombie Giant Sun instead.


 “Damn you, Fang Yuan!” Immortal Zombie Giant Sun roared, his chest was torn from the attack and his soul was heavily injured.


 At this time, Qin Ding Ling was killed by Fang Yuan.


 However, Immortal Zombie Giant Sun could not turn the situation around. Thousands of stardust shot towards him, he destroyed most of them but several hundreds still struck his body.


 So much starlight accumulated in Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s injuries that they were already intense like fire!


 Immortal Zombie Giant Sun was close to death.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable continued to attack him ruthlessly.


 The final fatal attack!



***
Chapter 2202 - Chu Du’s Danger


***





 Chapter 2202: Chu Du’s Danger 

 Northern Plains.


 Chu tribe headquarters.


 “First supreme elder is still in closed cultivation? Today is the day of the battle.” Chou Lao Wu continued to rub his hands together. He was thin with a slightly humped back, his naturally sad face looked even more depressed right now.


 “Relax, since first supreme elder agreed to Black Moon’s challenge, why would he retreat just before the fight? We just need to wait patiently.” Hao Zhen was leaning on a wall with arms crossed in front of him, he showed a composed expression.


 He was a middle aged bearded man, he was tall and muscular. He and Chou Lao Wu were good friends, the two could activate a signature killer move called wind thunder roar together.


 Because of this, Chou Lao Wu and Hao Zhen were called the wind and lightning demons. After siding with Chu Du, they became second only to Chu Du as the strongest battle strength of Chu tribe!


 “Actually, avoiding the battle is also an option.” In another direction, Immortal Wang suddenly said softly.


 He had a short stature, he had a red nose and small triangular eyes, he was a transformation path Gu Immortal who was proficient in transforming into dog breeds.


 “What did you say?!” Hao Zhen was infuriated, he quickly approached Immortal Wang, staring at him with furious eyes, “Is first supreme elder someone who avoids a battle? He is the mighty Chu Du, are you trying to defame first supreme elder?”


 Hao Zhen held Immortal Wang by his shirt and raised him to the air.


 Immortal Wang was immediately furious, shouting: “Let go! You brute, if you don’t let go, don’t blame me for attacking you!”


 Seeing the situation getting out of hand, Chou Lao Wu quickly pulled Hao Zhen away, while Li Si Chun held Immortal Wang.


 Li Si Chun had a square face with thick eyebrows and huge eyes, his nose bridge was very tall, his chest had thick black hair that was exposed, he was a man but he wore a flowery skirt.


 He tapped his fingers together and said in a feminine voice :”Come on, don’t argue, okay? I am already agitated, if we have an internal fight now, then our Chu tribe will really face a crisis.”


 Immortal Wang snorted coldly, flinging away Li Si Chun’s hand: “This is Chu tribe’s crisis. We should deal with it cautiously! If first supreme elder was still a lone force, it would not matter to us if he battled or not. But he is not, he is our Chu tribe’s first supreme elder. Do you know what the consequences will be if he loses? You brute!”


 Hao Zhen snorted, not saying a word.


 Because he knew Immortal Wang was not wrong.


 Chu Du established a sect called Chu Sect. He used his connections and methods to invite many immortals to go against Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, but he allied with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu later and forced these Gu Immortals into joining him to form Chu Sect.


 His actions turned the situation around.


 After establishing Chu Sect, Chu Du used his charisma and tricks to subdue the people’s hearts.


 But good times did not last long. Under the pressure of Longevity Heaven and the Huang Jin tribes, Chu Du was forced to change Chu Sect into Chu tribe.


 Thus, Chu Du took in his trained strength path Gu Immortals as his adopted children, removing the sect system and using the tribe system to rule.


 Even so, Chu tribe was still being doubted and pressured because Chu Du had no children of his own.


 Thereupon, Chu Du took the initiative to participate in the fate war, this decision helped to stabilize Chu tribe’s status.


 The situation changed again now.


 Fate Gu was destroyed, the rumors of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s revival kept on growing larger. Longevity Heaven sent a command to Northern Plains’ righteous path to subdue lone and demonic immortals, attempting to unite Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world.


 Lone and demonic immortals were extremely resistant towards this, they felt disgusted towards the Huang Jin tribes.


 Because of this, Bai Zu tribe and Chu tribe became much more attractive to join.


 Many of the lone and demonic immortals were solitary. They would rather choose to join Chu tribe and Bai Zu tribe than join the Huang Jin tribes.


 Chu Du was of lone cultivator origin, Bai Zu tribe’s Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was too.


 These two tribes benefited from this and expanded quite a lot.


 As a result, they were being watched secretly by Longevity Heaven.


 “Sigh, where did this Fairy Black Moon come from? Her origin is mysterious, it is like she came out of a rock, we cannot investigate her background at all.”


 “Northern Plains is such a large region, there are many hidden experts, what is so strange about Fairy Black Moon? But she actually challenged first supreme elder, she is just asking for humiliation!”


 “Not necessarily. Objectively speaking, this person is extremely strong. After she appeared, she continuously challenged many experts, but has yet to face a defeat. In the most recent challenge, she even defeated Liu Chang. Fairy Black Moon revealed new methods in almost every battle. Her totem killer move is her trump card, and she is even rumored to be an inheritor of Reckless Savage.”


 Chou Lao Wu and the group discussed.


 Currently, Hei Lou Lan had a huge reputation, she won repeatedly, displaying peak rank seven battle strength that was comparable to rank eight strength! And also because of the rumors of being Reckless Savage’s inheritor, her overall prestige suppressed Chu Du.


 “I can already see Fairy Black Moon’s aims. She has huge ambitions, she gathered so many people around her, challenging people to gain reputation. Right now, she has already become a symbol and banner of the demonic path and lone cultivators. It was an inevitable matter for her to challenge Lord Chu Du. Even if she did not challenge him now, she would have to challenge sooner or later. Because once she wins, her reputation will double at least, and she will have authority to lead Northern Plains’ lone and demonic immortals!” Hao Zhen analyzed.


 Under the pressure, lone and demonic immortals who were willing to surrender to the righteous path had already surrendered.


 The remaining ones were recalcitrants.


 And these recalcitrants had a few tricks up their sleeves. After all, without strength, they had no qualifications to be stubborn.


 And to these recalcitrants, Chu Du, who had established a righteous path tribe and worked with the Huang Jin tribes, even having participated in the fate war, was clearly Longevity Heaven’s dog. To them, he was even more hateful than the Huang Jin tribes.


 If Fairy Black Moon defeated Chu Du, she would definitely win their hearts. Her gains would no doubt be much more remarkable than when she defeated Liu Chang.


 On the contrary, Chu tribe was already being suppressed by Longevity Heaven, it had to fully rely on Chu Du.


 Chu tribe was not tied together using blood relationship, the master-disciple system also could not be openly established. The tribe was mostly maintained by Chu Du’s charisma alone.


 Chu Du was the spiritual banner of Chu tribe, should this banner collapse, Chu tribe would definitely suffer heavily. Their progress would be severely obstructed, they would lose their grasp of the people’s hearts, they would start to decline rapidly.


 People like Chou Lao Wu were worried. Right now, they had already become Chu tribe’s core members who enjoyed the benefits.


 They did not want Chu tribe to decline.


 “Sigh, if we could ask for darling, Lord Fang Yuan’s help, that would be great.” Li Si Chun sighed.


 Immortal Wang shook his head: “No, that is too risky. Lord Fang Yuan’s demonic might is indeed awe-inspiring, maybe even Longevity Heaven will show restraint. But what if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revives in the future? Although Fang Yuan is strong, he is not a match for a venerable. If we do this, it will just be a short term pleasure. But it is actually a stupid way to isolate ourselves from Northern Plains’ righteous path.”


 “Keep quiet. They are here.” Chou Lao Wu suddenly reminded.


 More than ten Gu Immortals came this time.


 Half were Chu Du’s adopted sons, they cultivated strength path and had ordinary cultivation level.


 The rest were those lone and demonic immortals that Chu tribe had recruited recently.


 Although their strength was higher than the adopted sons, their loyalty was unable to be verified for the moment, so it was rather troublesome to use them.


 “External elders, where is lord father?”


 “First supreme elder?”


 “It is already the appointed time, why has first supreme elder not appeared yet?”


 These people asked all kinds of questions.


 “Who allowed you to come?” Hao Zhen walked forward, Chou Lao Wu, Immortal Wang, and Li Si Chun stood behind him, coldly watching these newcomers.


 At this moment, the four immortals restrained their internal conflict and stood up as one.


 “External elders, please don’t blame us, we are really concerned about our adopted father’s safety.”


 “Yes, since we joined Chu tribe, Lord Chu Du is our leader. Is it wrong for us to feel concerned?”


 It became noisy again.


 Their anxiety was clear as day.


 Hao Zhen was just about to berate them when an aura spread, which made the immortals turn around.


 The closed bronze door of the secret room opened. Chu Du walked out slowly with an indifferent expression.


 “First supreme elder.”


 “Lord father!”


 “Hmm.” Chu Du nodded slightly, smiling as he looked around, “Since you are here, hold the line for me.”


 Chu Du’s mood was heavy.


 The actual situation was much more serious than what Li Si Chun and the rest discussed.


 These recently recruited lone and demonic immortals were opportunists, there might even be spies among them.


 The adopted sons looked respectful and humble, but in fact, they already held resentment towards Chu Du. On one hand, they blamed Chu Du for cultivating them into strength path that had uncertain prospects, on the other hand, when they underwent immortal ascension, Chu Du used them to absorb Reckless Savage’s true meaning, causing them to suffer huge losses.


 Chu Du was aware: Chu tribe seemed to be united, but it was already at the juncture of declining!


 If he could win against Fairy Black Moon, Chu Du could still maintain the original state. If he were to be defeated, Chu tribe would definitely decline, and it would likely be a disastrous decline. People would look down on them, no one would join, they would keep on growing weaker until Chu tribe members became cannon fodder in the five regions chaotic war.


 “Lord, with so many people leaving, what about our territory’s defense?” Chou Lao Wu asked.


 Chu Du waved his sleeve, saying with a carefree tone: “It doesn’t matter. How many resource points do we have that are truly valuable? As for the headquarters, Gu Immortals need to be stationed, draw sticks to settle it.”


 Although Chu tribe was established, they had few resource points and were of poor quality. It could be said they were lacking resources to develop.


 Like this, a few unlucky Gu Immortals were selected to guard the headquarters. Chu Du took almost all the Chu tribe Gu Immortals towards the appointed battlefield.


 Chu Du was not even a little panicked, moving leisurely.


 On the way, Gu Immortals of the Huang Jin tribes appeared and joined Chu Du’s group.


 These Gu Immortals might exclude Chu tribe and Bai Zu tribe secretly during normal times, but they naturally stood beside Chu Du when facing an outsider like Fairy Black Moon.


 When they were halfway through the journey, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu appeared.


 Only then did Chu Du truly let out a sigh of relief.



***
Chapter 2203 - Blood Sea Clone


***





 Chapter 2203: Blood Sea Clone 

 It was only Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s clone, but it was still at rank eight, the immortals quickly paid their respects.


 Chu Du was satisfied.


 Although Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not personally come to back him up, Chu Du knew Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had an exquisite method that could let the clone and main body switch places instantly. Thus, with this clone here, it was no different from Heavenly Lord Bai Zu personally being here.


 At this crucial moment, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was a reliable partner for Chu Du.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had been paying a lot of attention to the impending battle of Chu Du and Fairy Black Moon.


 After all, with Longevity Heaven above them and the unity of the Huang Jin tribes, Bai Zu tribe and Chu tribe had to stay allied and endure the immense pressure together.


 It was just that he had a really urgent mission at this time.


 The only one that could summon him was naturally Longevity Heaven.


 Currently, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was in Longevity Heaven, beside him was the current generation South Desolation Immortal — Yao Huang.


 Seeing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu slightly out of sorts, Yao Huang understood inwardly, smiling: “Bai Zu, who do you think will win in the fight between Chu Du and Black Moon?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu retracted his consciousness, smiling bitterly: “From my angle, I naturally hope Chu Du can win. However, Fairy Black Moon is no small character, her strength is hard to estimate. This will definitely be a fierce battle!”


 “Lord Bai Zu is correct.”


 “Both cultivate strength path, one has been renowned for a long time, while the other’s reputation is rising rapidly. It is indeed hard to tell who is stronger, only the fight will determine the winner and the loser.”


 “That Fairy Black Moon seems to have inherited Reckless Savage’s true inheritance, her strength path attainment cannot be underestimated.”


 “In my view, Chu Du still has a higher chance of winning. After all, he is a legendary person who had once pressured the whole of Liu tribe!”


 The moment these words came out, Liu tribe Gu Immortals snorted coldly with displeased expressions.


 A large group of Gu Immortals had gathered around Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang, they were all from Huang Jin tribes.


 As the Gu Immortals were discussing, Five Elements Grandmaster suddenly flew over: “Alright, the formation is set, please enter the formation.”


 A large formation was set up in front of the immortals.


 Beautiful blood-red lines were all over the formation.


 The Huang Jin tribes’ Gu Immortals stopped talking as they entered the formation, among them was Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, who brought Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 Soon, only Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Yao Huang remained at the periphery of the formation.


 Yao Huang looked at the formation, saying suddenly: “It is good if Chu Du wins, but if he fails, Black Moon might really rise to power. Did you secretly help Chu Du?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu shook his head: “I won’t lie to you, I had suggested this to him, but it was rejected. He only wants to use his strength path attainment to fight this battle. To him, this strength path battle holds extraordinary significance.”


 Yao Huang thought to himself, smiling inwardly: “Chu Du will lose, and it is a certain loss. Hei Lou Lan was nurtured by our Ancestor, her strength is beyond her peers, and with effort Gu helping her, her cultivation level, killer moves, and other aspects are progressing rapidly. Meanwhile, Hei Lou Lan already knows the information regarding Chu Du. With this win, Hei Lou Lan will become a leading character in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world. Later on, she will be able to lead lone and demonic immortals with her every action.”


 Right at this time, the sky of Longevity Heaven suddenly changed, warning alarms started ringing!


 This was the arranged signal!


 “How could it be so early?” Yao Huang’s expression changed greatly, as he shouted, “Quickly activate the formation!”


 Even without his reminder, Five Elements Grandmaster, who was in charge of the formation, was already activating it.


 The formation buzzed loudly as blood-red light bloomed.


 The


 This formation was actually a rank eight blood path immortal formation!


 The blood path formation produced a mysterious strength that quickly disappeared from the formation and transferred to a mysterious place.


 At this time.


 Crazed Demon Cave, ninth layer, in Star Constellation Chessboard Formation.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made the fatal move!


 Whoosh.


 Suddenly, the near-dead Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s body burned with blood-red flames.


 Countless Gu worms shone and flew around inside Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s aperture, forming a killer move that drew in the blood path divine power from Longevity Heaven!


 Among them, familial emotion Gu was the first core, next to familial emotion Gu was imitation Gu. This time, imitation Gu had already transformed into blood relation Gu, which was the second core.


 The blood path divine power quickly spread throughout Immortal Zombie Giant Sun’s body. His ice-cold immortal zombie black blood burned intensely like boiling water.


 Golden rays shot out from the black blood and spread rapidly like water. After a few breaths of time, all the blood in Immortal Zombie Giant Sun turned into the color of gold.


 His dry black skin, like that of a withered tree, became filled with vitality as it regained a white luster.


 Thorn-like hair quickly grew and draped down to his shoulders.


 His eyes that were dark and dim earlier started shining in golden light now.


 His entire body began to grow taller, he had a slightly hunched back earlier, but was now standing tall with bulging muscles, he became a middle aged man of over nine feet in height.


 Boom!


 Blood colored radiance spread, causing winds and clouds to stir.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had completely revived!


 The whole revival process was extremely short. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable found that she was not able to break the blood-red barrier of light around Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, and even sensed hints of a trap around Immortal Zombie Giant Sun, so she watched from the side.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s gaze was deep: “As I expected, Blood Sea Ancestor was your clone.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled, showing his white teeth: “Star Constellation, you cultivate wisdom path primarily with star path as your secondary path. Genesis Lotus cultivates wood path and painting path. Thieving Heaven cultivates theft path primarily with space path as the secondary path. With one main and one specialty path, us venerables can compete with each other on equal grounds. And in my case, I chose blood path.”


 “It is just that the timing was not right when I was alive. Only after countless years past my death was there enough foundation for my Blood Sea clone to create blood path. And talents emerged in Heavenly Court as well, there first were Gu Immortal Fei Shuang and Ning Xue, this master and disciple pair who hunted down my Blood Sea clone. Later, refinement path great grandmaster Lian Shen Ke refined blood relation Immortal Gu which almost destroyed my plan. Fortunately, I had backup methods.”


 Heavenly Court had already felt something strange about Blood Sea Ancestor.


 Thus, they constructed Demon Judgment Board to suppress blood path.


 Although Immortal Zombie Giant Sun succeeded in reviving, the progress of blood path was seriously impeded, it did not develop into a mainstream path and was always treated like a detestable path. Even though super forces researched it, they only did it behind closed doors.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s original plan was to keep luck path a secret while borrowing the strength of the world to perfect blood path, but blood path ended up being obstructed.


 If blood path had been prosperous, the current Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s strength would have risen much more.


 “Forget it, how can everything go as one wishes?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable heaved a sigh, his gaze moving past Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, past the formation, towards the distance.


 There were only a few truthful floating ice pieces left in the Crazed Demon formation.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable solemnly gathered her concentration.


 In front of her was a fully revived Giant Sun Immortal Venerable with no trace of injuries, and although his strength had not been restored to the peak state, it was similar to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s.


 And Qin Ding Ling was still in the process of revival. Luck gamble was already used before and would be difficult to use again with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable already on guard against it.


 Star Constellation and Giant Sun’s fight was definitely going to be an uncontrollable battle of life and death.


 However, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt troubled if she had to fight without any considerations. The current situation was not simple, she had various misgivings.


 At this time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly sighed: “Star Constellation, the eternal life research results are right before our eyes, let’s hold off our fight for the moment. How about we join hands and get rid of these irrelevant people first?”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was dazed for a bit before nodding with a smile: “That is appropriate, we should do that.”


 These two venerables were still fighting a life and death battle earlier, but they were actually working together now!


 This was undoubtedly a wise move.


 It would be a shame if bystanders got benefits when two tigers fought.


 Thereupon, the sensible Star Constellation and Giant Sun were naturally going to get rid of the weak ones first!


 Boom!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable directly charged towards Fang Yuan, countless golden light rays shot at Fang Yuan like spears or swords.


 This was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable showing his sincerity to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Fang Yuan was with Paradise Earth, and he had killed Qin Ding Ling not long ago.


 “You defend while I attack.” Fang Yuan said to Paradise Earth.


 Paradise Earth hesitated for a bit before nodding.


 Heaven path killer move — Heavenly Web Protection Veil.


 Milky white light web appeared once again, the heavenly web was pure without any dust. There were large gaps but they did not allow anything in.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s golden light rays were completely blocked by the heavenly web.


 This was the void, there were no outside world’s luck path dao marks to amplify Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. On the contrary, they were also under the threat of Limitless’ countermeasures. It was not like in the Door of Life and Death where Spectral Soul Demon Venerable obtained amplification from countless soul path dao marks and could also use his full strength without any restraints.


 Five restriction profound light qi!


 Fang Yuan attacked from afar, five colored smoke spread rapidly.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not slow down, he kept on charging closer.


 Golden light constantly flowed around his body, when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable entered the five restriction profound light qi, the five colored smoke flowed away from him.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable closed in on Fang Yuan and used a killer move.


 A golden hand quickly flew out and grabbed at Fang Yuan’s head.


 The giant hand was about to pluck Fang Yuan’s luck, but at the next moment, Cooking Luck Pot showed itself. It shook fiercely as it blocked the giant hand.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used another move, the golden hand was reinforced and strengthened greatly.


 But as it tried to pluck with more force, Cooking Luck Pot’s retaliation became even stronger, even directly flicking away the giant hand.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable already knew Fang Yuan had Cooking Luck Pot and that it was quite strong. But this attempt still shocked him: “How many rank eight Immortal Gu did he use to raise Cooking Luck Pot to this level?”


 Even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was feeling troubled right now.


 With the protection of such a strong Cooking Luck Pot, most of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path methods were useless against Fang Yuan.


 Normally speaking, the reason Gu Immortals could hardly fight Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was because it was difficult for them to guard against Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path methods. Once Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked their luck, they had few methods to block it, and there was furthermore a low chance of blocking it.


 But Fang Yuan’s situation was different.



***
Chapter 2204 - Two Venerables Versus Fang Yuan (Double Chapter)


***





 Chapter 2204: Two Venerables Versus Fang Yuan (Double Chapter) 

 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attacks were blocked. Fang Yuan took the chance to counterattack, but at this time, a ray of starlight landed on Fang Yuan’s forehead with an incredible speed.


 Fang Yuan’s head leaned back slightly from the attack. Seeing his defensive methods weakened by thirty percent, he quickly moved away.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable flew over and coordinated with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to pincer attack Fang Yuan!


 At this moment, Fang Yuan was facing the attacks of two venerables!


 All the immortals were tongue-tied.


 No matter how strong Fang Yuan was and how much reputation he had, was he worthy of being targeted by two venerables?


 But thinking about it carefully, the immortals understood why.


 After all, among all the pseudo venerables, Fang Yuan possessed the greatest threat! Besides Fang Yuan’s main body, Qi Sea Ancestor and Zhan Bu Du were also Fang Yuan’s clones. Thus, he also had the largest force here.


 And the seemingly lone Demon Immortal Qi Jue had already made a secret deal with Fang Yuan back during the pursuit battle against him, they had cooperated for a long time.


 With the sharp increase in pressure, Fang Yuan prioritized on evading. He defended against the two venerables’ attacks while shouting to Paradise Earth and the other immortals: “We must join hands and unite. Otherwise, with the eternal life research results right in front of us, the two venerables will not let you gain benefits easily. They will definitely kill us first!”


 Without much hesitation, Shen Shang, Paradise Earth, Demon Immortal Qi Jue, and others agreed, attacking one after the other.


 It was just that their efforts could not lift the pressure off Fang Yuan.


 In Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, the Heavenly Court Gu Immortals tied down the pseudo venerables even if they had to sacrifice their lives.


 Fang Yuan was beginning to flee everywhere, falling into a passive state.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suddenly mobilized Star Constellation Chessboard formation to slow down Fang Yuan’s flying speed. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took the chance to attack, a ray of golden light shot out from his hand.


 Fang Yuan could not dodge in time and was illuminated by the golden light.


 At the crucial moment, Fang Yuan had to activate his renowned defensive method.


 A long robe appeared on him. This long robe had wide sleeves, it was white like snow. On the surface of the robe, there was slow flowing water, it was the same appearance as Reverse Flow River earlier.


 Not just that, the surface of the long robe had faint mist surrounding it. There was also a strip of light that was deep azure, it was curvy and wavy, resembling a long sash, it coiled around Fang Yuan’s arms, the back of his neck, and around his waist again.


 Immortal killer move — Reverse Flow Protection Seal!


 Reverse flow protection seal was outstanding, it immediately reflected Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s golden light and the flying stars that followed closely behind.


 Fang Yuan finally gained a slight respite, but he did not dare to relax.


 His hands opened wide.


 His left hand released five colored smoke, it was five restriction profound light qi!


 His right hand pressed down towards the starry paths, activating a sinister and baleful compound killer move, rotting poisonous dark ash!


 This move contained the profundity of wood path, poison path, dark path, and fire path. It could corrode everything and destroy their internal structure. As time passes, its damage would become even fiercer. Even when this killer move was canceled, there would still be continuous corrosion, but the corrosion would become weaker.


 Fang Yuan had once tried this move on an immemorial year beast.


 He had stopped this killer move in just a few breaths of time.


 But the struck immemorial year beast cried miserably for three days and three nights before it finally turned into a pile of rotten grey ash. Fang Yuan blew it away with just a light breath.


 Fang Yuan was not using this move to target Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 He was targeting this Star Constellation Chessboard Formation!


 He must first destroy this formation!


 Heaven path killer move — Heavenly Summary Earthly Norm!


 On the other side, Paradise Earth activated his killer move again. He had the same intention as Fang Yuan; great minds thought alike, he wanted to first dismantle this formation as well.


 The heaven path killer move’s power was beyond ordinary, everywhere it went, starry paths vanished and starlight dissipated, restoring it to the original void.


 “Paradise Earth...” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned as she threw out numerous stars. Most of them still targeted Fang Yuan, but a small portion attacked Paradise Earth.


 Even though Paradise Earth only had pseudo venerable cultivation, he had converted to heaven path. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was unable to ascertain his methods for the moment, so she had to be on alert against him.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable controlled the whole situation and was always calm. As long as there was something odd, she would suppress it immediately.


 With Star Constellation Immortal Venerable targeting him, Paradise Earth also had to be on guard.


 “This reverse flow protection seal is indeed difficult to deal with, but Fang Yuan, how long can you hold on for?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used powerful killer moves one after the other.


 These killer moves were all reflected back, but Reverse Flow River’s water level also fell sharply.


 Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal was renowned all over the world, it was not that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had not prepared for it. It was just that he had not personally dealt with Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal, and after Fang Yuan modified it later, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could only choose the method of consuming it.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned slightly.


 With a shift of her mind, starry paths shook, a grand rank eight Immortal Gu House followed the starry paths and entered the battlefield.


 It was Divine Emperor City!


 Inside Divine Emperor City, Genesis Lotus’ will was solemn as he activated a method that he had prepared for a long while.


 Painting path killer move — Scenic Portrait!


 Instantly, Fang Yuan’s portrait appeared inside Divine Emperor City’s painting world.


 Fang Yuan’s portrait stood in front of Genesis Lotus’ will, he was motionless with his eyes closed, he had no expressions.


 After Genesis Lotus’ will used this killer move, his form began to turn unstable.


 He clenched his teeth as he activated another painting path killer move called ink slicing thread.


 Thin lines of ink suddenly flew out of the hands of Genesis Lotus’ will, they started slicing the cheeks of Fang Yuan’s portrait.


 Almost at the same time, Fang Yuan, who was fighting Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, suddenly shook.


 His left cheek was cut, the injury was a thin line from which black ink flowed out from.


 “What’s going on?!” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, and almost immediately, his sharp gaze fell on Divine Emperor City.


 “This is a painting path method, it is definitely Divine Emperor City’s doing and very likely involves Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable!” Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved like lightning.


 He was right.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable planned before taking action. Since she could prepare the killer move luck gamble against Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, she would not neglect Fang Yuan.


 Although Fang Yuan had not used reverse flow protection seal for a long time, it did not mean he had no way of using it.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s plan would never forget Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal!


 The killer move scenic portrait was already created by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable. Later, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable worked together with Genesis Lotus’ will to modify it, to target Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal.


 Fang Yuan had just stabilized his footing with the help of reverse flow protection seal when Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used this method.


 Reverse Flow River could essentially reflect everything, however, reverse flow protection seal was created by Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan had almost no understanding of painting path, his attainment level in it was blank.


 Fang Yuan was aware of this flaw, so he had already gathered some painting path mortal Gu. However, it was far out of its depth against a painting path method at this level.


 As such, Fang Yuan was hit by the killer move scenic portrait.


 This was also the reason why most venerables cultivated two paths.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path and star path, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable cultivated wood path and painting path, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable cultivated luck path and blood path, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable cultivated earth path and heaven path, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable cultivated transformation path and strength path, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable cultivated theft path and space path...


 Venerables often cultivated one main path and one specialty path.


 The first path would be the primary one which could be widely spread. The other path would be kept secretive and mysterious, information about it would be sealed tight.


 For instance, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path as the primary, with star path as her specialty. Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable cultivated wood path as the primary, with painting path as his specialty.


 Fang Yuan’s current situation showed the advantage of doing this.


 Fang Yuan could reflect wood path methods, but he was a stranger to painting path, so painting path methods were effective on him.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s situation was slightly special, he had planned to take blood path as the primary, and luck path as his specialty.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created luck path when he was alive, he was the only one to possess luck path. Thus, he kept luck path a secret, but to help Fang Yuan and his ambitions, he left a portion of the luck path true inheritance in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and with Lang Ya land spirit.


 After he died, he tried all ways to use his clone to create blood path. He had planned to make blood path the most common path, thus the Blood Sea clone spread blood path everywhere. He wanted to get the help of others to help him perfect and promote blood path.


 Inside Divine Emperor City, Genesis Lotus’ will used another painting path killer move, brush stroke.


 A painting brush swept past Fang Yuan’s portrait, leaving ink traces wherever it brushed.


 At the same time, ink-black injuries appeared on Fang Yuan’s body. The injuries deepened quickly.


 Compound killer move — Man as Before!


 Fang Yuan activated a killer move again to heal himself constantly.


 But with this, he had no choice but to cancel the rotting poisonous dark ash killer move, which only left five restriction profound light qi for his counterattack.


 Simultaneously activating multiple killer moves did not surpass Fang Yuan’s wisdom path limits. But Fang Yuan had to leave some capacity for thinking to deal with any sudden event.


 Otherwise, once an unexpected situation occurred, and Fang Yuan’s reaction was slightly late, it would give the enemy an opportunity.


 After all, his enemies were venerables, they were not the likes of Qin Ding Ling and Bing Sai Chuan.


 Moreover, these two venerables had allied!


 Pressure, immense pressure that was like a mountain pressed down endlessly on Fang Yuan, it would not stop until it killed him.


 Fang Yuan was in a disadvantage all along, his situation continued to be more troublesome.


 This was the hardest battle of his life!


 Comparatively, the battle in the fate war was not so heated.


 “Fang Yuan is in danger!” Paradise Earth and the others wanted to help, but were always blocked by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 The two venerables’ attacks were concentrated on Fang Yuan, they only used the remaining small portion of energy to block the other pseudo venerables.


 Finally, Fang Yuan’s Reverse Flow River was expended, he had no choice but to cancel this move.


 Without the obstruction of this move, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed as he activated an already prepared killer move.


 The killer move was formless, Fang Yuan was instantly hit.


 Sovereign immortal aperture shook violently, lightning flashed as tribulation clouds gathered.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled: “Fang Yuan, the core of this move is Calamity Luck Altar, it can change fortune to misfortune. Your sovereign immortal aperture has too many resources, and it has developed extremely well. How large of a tribulation will form once such a deep fortune turns into calamity?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Northern Plains.


 Sacred Eagle City.


 Tribulation clouds billowed. At the previous moment, it was still a scene of blue skies and white clouds, now the world had turned dark.


 “What’s going on?” The residents of the city looked at the sky.


 Shortly afterwards, noisy sounds rose from Sacred Eagle City.


 “Tribulation clouds, there are tribulation clouds again!”


 “What is happening?”


 “Quick, go ask the City Lord for help.”


 The city residents were terrified and panicked as they ran towards the City Lord Manor.


 Sacred Eagle City’s residents were mostly humans who came from the former Beast Calamity grotto-heaven.


 In this life, Fang Yuan had secretly accelerated Beast Calamity grotto-heaven’s calamities and tribulations to subdue it. This caused tribulation clouds to cover the whole of Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, creating a huge number of casualties.


 These residents had such a painful experience, so when they saw the tribulation clouds that was almost the same as in their memory, they immediately acted like spooked cats, screaming and fleeing madly.


 Inside the City Lord Manor, a transformation path rank seven Gu Immortal looked at the sky, a bitter expression was on his face too.


 He was the recently promoted Sacred Eagle City Lord. He was originally only at rank six, but he received Fang Yuan’s help, and his cultivation advanced to rank seven. After accepting a mission, he became this Sacred Eagle City’s City Lord.


 “This tribulation is so huge, Sacred Eagle City only has three Gu Immortals. We might not be able to stop it, it is better to ask for reinforcements from Triple Sacred Mountain!” Sacred Eagle City Lord immediately sent a request for reinforcements.


 Triple Sacred Mountain was the center of Mini Northern Plains, it was the gathering area of snowmen, and was the most developed area. It was looked after by Fang Yuan’s fiancée, Xue Er.


 Different from the five regions, humans lived peacefully with other variant humans the inside sovereign immortal aperture, helping each other without any discrimination.


 Sacred Eagle City’s residents were very isolated and ignorant. When they first moved into the sovereign immortal aperture, they were helped extensively by Xue Er and the snowmen, so they had good feelings towards the snowmen.


 As for Sacred Eagle City’s Gu Immortals who came from Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, these Gu Immortals were also vastly different from the five regions’ Gu Immortals in regards to their philosophy of life. They took the duty of protecting mortals as their glory.


 Adding on Fang Yuan’s rule and management, all the races in sovereign immortal aperture lived unitedly.


 The human Sacred Eagle City Lord did not have any mental barrier in asking for reinforcements from the snowmen. At the same time, he had a lot of faith in Fairy Xue Er’s help.


 Mini Western Desert.


 An enormous pitch-black city was standing in the depths of the desert.


 It was Inkman City.


 Inkman City Lord Mo Tan Sang’s cultivation had also advanced to rank seven. He had around eight Gu Immortals under him, but they were just rank six.


 “The scale of this tribulation is so huge, its power will definitely be unprecedented.” Mo Tan Sang’s expression was solemn, he felt heavy pressure.


 He reacted almost immediately and sent out commands.


 Two Gu Immortals were dispatched to maintain the security and prevent the residents from taking vicious actions, like rioting or stampeding.


 Additionally, four Gu Immortals were dispatched out of the city to look after white steel bowl valley, rotten swamp, hibiscus trees, and other resource points. If the situation became urgent, these Gu Immortals could immediately retrieve as many of these resources as possible and temporarily place them in Inkman City’s storage.


 Mo Tan Sang’s status was similar to Xue Er’s. He was almost like the person in charge of Mini Western Desert, he governed not only Inkman City, but also many other locations.


 Mini Blue Heaven.


 A grand city was on a continent above cloud soil.


 In the heart of the city was a mountain-like hall made from a star snail.


 This hall was in uproar at this moment.


 A rank eight elderly man was sitting inside solemnly as he listened to the reports from various Gu Immortals.


 He was the old Combat Beast King, he was appointed as Star Collection City Lord by Fang Yuan and was in charge of overseeing the internal affairs of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 “This tribulation is too sudden!”


 “It is even more terrifying than the one in Beast Calamity grotto-heaven, it is much larger and covers the whole sovereign immortal aperture!!”


 “City Lord, what should we do?”


 “Master has taken away almost all the rank eight Gu Immortals and the strong rank sevens for the fight at this time. Although most of them have revived, they are at Gu Master level. Our manpower is too few, how do we deal with such a tribulation?!”


 “Even if there were no casualties, could we deal with such a tribulation by combining our strength? That is impossible! Only an existence like master can protect our home from such a tribulation...”


 Combat Beast King raised his hand, the hall gradually quietened: “Master is wise and mighty, he will definitely make a move when he should. But right now, we should remember our responsibility — to protect our home! Even if we die, it cannot crumble our will. Everyone, this is a difficult test, master is watching us, our clansmen are watching us. As Gu Immortals, if we cannot protect them, if we are afraid of dying, how can we raise our heads in pride later on?”


 “We are willing to fight with all our strength!” The Gu Immortals shouted together with surging morale.


 Death was not terrifying.


 Even if they died, they could revive through Human Sea.


 The terrifying thing was escaping in the face of danger and leaving a bad impression on Fang Yuan.


 There was no doubt that Fang Yuan’s will was paramount in the sovereign immortal aperture, he ruled everything.


 In Crazed Demon Cave.


 Dazzling and vast golden light flowed like a sea wave.


 Fang Yuan retreated rapidly with a solemn expression.


 He no longer had reverse flow protection seal. Facing the two venerables, his situation was perilous, almost like walking on a steel rope between cliffs.


 What was even worse was the trouble in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 “This is a method of all living beings luck...” Fang Yuan looked at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable with a malevolent killing intent.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s gaze was eerie, he observed the tribulation aura on Fang Yuan’s body becoming denser before he put his mind at rest.


 Fang Yuan possessed Cooking Luck Pot which could indeed stop most of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path methods, however, Fang Yuan still could not compare to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in terms of luck path foundation.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed lightly: “Fang Yuan, you have such talent and aptitude, I really don’t want to kill you. It is such a pity that your character determined your outcome. I have to get rid of you. If you are really allowed to keep on developing, there will be a day when you comprehend all living beings luck and heaven and earth luck through the self luck true inheritance. It is much easier to get rid of you now.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable appreciated Fang Yuan’s talent, but was even more wary of him!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable continued to attack while speaking.


 Fang Yuan was forced to retreat again and again.


 Although he had cooperated with Fang Yuan time and again, when they truly fought, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable seemed to be even happier than Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to get rid of Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn, his eyes shone sharply as he kept silent.


 He continuously activated all kinds of compound killer moves, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had never heard of or seen these killer moves before.


 Because of this, it was rather troublesome for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to deal with them.


 Fang Yuan relied on this to barely maintain his footing.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled: “I am getting more and more amazed by you, such brilliant and numerous compound killer moves have really broadened my horizons. A pity, it is a pity that these killer moves are unsystematic, you still don’t have your own combat system!”


 “But this is not your fault.”


 “I used close to one thousand years to perfect my current combat system back then.”


 “Moreover, making a combat system is not just about time, it also needs plenty of worthy opponents to be created successfully.”


 “Fang Yuan, how many years have you lived even after adding up all your lives?”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled, while speaking, he inflicted another deep injury on Fang Yuan’s chest.


 Fang Yuan did not speak.


 Comparing foundation, he was indeed inferior to venerables.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a smile on his face as he saw Fang Yuan’s tribulation aura increasing by double in just a short while: “You already felt it, right? The greatest profundity of my move lies in the number of calamities and tribulations. As many resource points, Immortal Gu, Gu Immortals, desolate beasts, and so on as are there in the sovereign immortal aperture, there will be an equivalent number of calamities and tribulations.”


 “Those who are struck by this move need to resolve countless calamities and tribulations at the same time. Difficult, this is extremely difficult. Fang Yuan, I won’t give you an opportunity to save yourself.”


 Saying so, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked once again.


 His attacks were unceasing and majestic, Fang Yuan could only block them, and was unable to do anything to the sovereign immortal aperture.


 It was a scene of an abyss in the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Central Continent.


 Flower mist extreme marsh.


 Large meteorites dragged long tails as they smashed on the ground.


 Bam bam bam...


 The meteorites erupted and flames spread, burning the mist, marsh, and extreme marsh flowers around them. Only dry land was left behind.


 From the inferno, tall flame monsters stood up.


 As the flame monsters wreaked havoc, a Gu Immortal streaked across the sky.


 It was Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone — Wu Shuai.


 With a thought from Wu Shuai, ant groups flew out and fought with the flame monsters.


 Mini Southern Border.


 There was a downpour on the whole dark inkstone mine.


 The corrosive rain inflicted heavy damage on the dark inkstones.


 A rockman Gu Immortal was stationed here, he used all his strength to activate his killer moves but could only protect a small part of the mine.


 Star Collection City was in chaos.


 “Every resource point in the mini five regions and mini nine heavens is being attacked by different types and scales of calamities and tribulations.”


 “The Gu Immortals on Fire Bird Mountain are requesting for reinforcements!”


 “Ghost fire is burning pin tree snowfield, if we don’t stop it on time, the ghost fire will destroy the whole snowfield.”


 “The Hairy Man continent is being bombarded by lightning, one of the cities is already drowned by a tsunami!”


 “A terrifying beast calamity has appeared in Mini Black Heaven, thousands of green claw ghost winged lions are hunting down soul beasts!”


 Bad news came one after the other.


 Combat Beast King subconsciously clenched his fists. Despite already being prepared mentally, when the calamities and tribulations really broke out, the severity of the losses made him unable to maintain his calm for some time.


 But from start to finish, he maintained his solemn expression.


 At this time, when all the Gu Immortals were panicking, as their backbone, he could not panic!


 He sent out various commands, Star Collection City began to operate frantically. Manpower and resources were dispatched to every place as they began to deal with the calamities and tribulations.


 But there were too many calamities and tribulations, not only was their range huge, they were of various types. Every calamity and tribulation needed to be dealt with using different methods.


 This was an extremely difficult challenge to the Gu Immortals stationed in the sovereign immortal aperture.



***
Chapter 2205 - Black Fire


***





 Chapter 2205: Black Fire 

 News of the first Gu Immortal to be heavily injured and near death arrived.


 Combat Beast King’s heart immediately tensed: “So quickly?”


 His mood became even heavier.


 The more casualties the Gu Immortals suffered, the lower the resistance the sovereign immortal aperture could put up. If this continued until a certain extent, the situation would be irredeemable, like an unstoppable avalanche.


 Combat Beast King gritted his teeth: “Send the orders, Mini Black Heaven does not need to be saved, give up on rescuing any desolate beasts, ancient desolate beasts, and even immemorial desolate beasts! We will protect the large cities first, second are the important resource points. How are the results of the wisdom path Gu Immortals’ deductions?”


 Star Collection City naturally had wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 “We have not even deduced half of them, there are too many calamities and tribulations.” A wisdom path Gu Immortal said with sweat all over his head.


 “Take out whatever results you have to deal with this situation first!” Combat Beast King almost stamped his foot.


 The results were soon obtained, Combat Beast King made the decision on the spot, Star Collection City began to mobilize Gu Immortals.


 “Oh?” Wu Shuai was the first to receive this command.


 A strange expression flashed by his face before he slowly retreated.


 In the short while of his fight with the flame monsters, flower mist extreme marsh was already completely destroyed, while the majority of the flame monsters still remained.


 There were too many of them, even though Wu Shuai used all his strength, he could only eradicate a small portion of them.


 These flame monsters’ target was already destroyed, so their hostility gathered on Wu Shuai.


 Seeing Wu Shuai retreat, the flame monsters immediately chased after him.


 Wu Shuai led them to the west and met another Gu Immortal midway. A group of qi monsters were chasing after this Gu Immortal.


 The two Gu Immortals were in the center, but the flame monsters and qi monsters fought with each other.


 “It is feasible indeed!”


 “These calamities and tribulations are not formed naturally, but were created because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s killer move.”


 “Since they are only formed through luck path and is not controlled by heaven’s will, they are like an army without a leader. We can use calamities and tribulations to deal with calamities and tribulations.”


 Wu Shuai was slightly happy.


 This was the deduction result of the wisdom path Gu Immortals.


 Some Gu Immortals gathered acidic rain, while some Gu Immortals directed the heavenly river towards the desert...


 Under such operations, the sovereign immortal aperture’s situation finally eased.


 “We have stabilized the situation!” Combat Beast King let out a breath of air. In just a short period of time, his face was covered with sweat.


 Calamities and tribulations came too fiercely, if their reaction had been slightly slow, it might have resulted in destruction. Fortunately, they used every moment, seized the initiative, and stabilized the situation.


 But this was far from enough.


 Calamities and tribulations were still playing out in many places, those that could consume each other were only a small portion.


 The whole sovereign immortal aperture was still being destroyed by calamities and tribulations, losses increased at every breath of time.


 “The tribulation clouds above the flower mist extreme marsh have disappeared completely.”


 “Most of the tribulation clouds above the pin tree snowfield have dissipated!”


 “The dark inkstone mine is completely destroyed, but the tribulation clouds are also destroyed!”


 “Something is wrong!!! There is an abnormal situation.”


 “Reporting! Over twenty tribulation clouds all over the mini five regions are showing identical changes.”


 “This is the... earth shaking heavenly light tribulation!”


 Combat Beast King had just relaxed, when he heard the devastating news.


 “This is bad!” His expression turned pale. From combining the information, in the map of the mini five regions in his mind, earth shaking heavenly light tribulations were appearing in crucial areas.


 Bam bam bam...


 Yellowish brown pillars of light shot out from tribulation clouds, the light pillars struck the ground and continued to pierce down into the ground.


 A large amount of tribulation clouds swarmed into the yellowish brown light pillars. They suddenly lit up, and this light flowed down the light pillars into the depths of the ground.


 Boom—!


 Explosions rang, the earth shook fiercely.


 Boom—!


 Boom—!


 Boom—!


 Earth shaking light pillars in the mini five regions were continuing to exert power, earthquakes were becoming even more intense.


 Terrifying shockwaves continued to expand. Everywhere they passed by, earth shook, mountains crumbled, rivers changed courses, and seas roared.


 “This luck path method targets the resources in the immortal aperture. Now that those resource points are destroyed or damaged heavily, earth veins became the conspicuous target!”


 “That’s why there are so many earth shaking heavenly light tribulations, they just happen to cover all the earth vein nodes and are seeking to destroy them.”


 Wu Shuai’s face was cold as ice.


 Although these calamities and tribulations triggered by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not have heaven’s will to control the overall situation, there would be this kind of change at the later part. It greatly made up for the lack of commands.


 “However, you think the earth veins we constructed painstakingly can be destroyed so easily?”


 Wu Shuai sneered, activating a formation.


 Earth vein formation was activated, thick and grand aura spread rapidly. The powerful tremors underground were forcefully suppressed.


 Next, the Gu Immortals dispatched by Star Collection City reached the tribulation areas, and began attacking earth shaking heavenly light pillars.


 The huge heavenly light pillars began to break down one after the other. The sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals coordinated to get past this difficulty.


 The tribulation clouds changed again. This time, they formed beast calamities in various areas. Immemorial desolate beast level golden steel earth rats emerged from everywhere and besieged the earth vein nodes.


 Seven to eight earth vein nodes were destroyed before these golden steel earth rats were eradicated. A small portion of the earth rats were enslaved by Wu Shuai.


 Tribulation clouds changed again, but they were still targeting earth veins.


 The immortals defended the earth veins strongly using all their strength, they cooperated tightly.


 Although earth vein nodes continued to decrease in number, the situation was turning for the better.


 The calamities and tribulations were of all kinds, but their targets were still earth veins. This was a controllable factor, which brought a lot of convenience to the immortals.


 Over ten or so calamities and tribulations targeted earth veins, but after they were repelled by the immortals, the tribulation clouds that covered the whole sovereign immortal aperture had mostly disappeared.


 However, when the immortals thought the tribulations had finally passed, an aura that made the hearts of all living beings in the sovereign immortal aperture shake appeared all of a sudden!


 At first, this aura was extremely small.


 But soon, the aura grew rapidly in the deepest part of the tribulation clouds.


 Amidst the immortals’ puzzled and terrified gazes, a fire burned in the depths of the tribulation clouds.


 The fire was black!


 The black fire had just appeared, when it burned all the remaining stubborn tribulation clouds.


 The black fire grew rapidly, and started falling down. Wherever it passed by, be it ground or the air, they were all burned into nothingness.


 The immortals breathed in sharply, the power of the black fire was horrifying, it was like the nemesis of all existences!


 “Isn’t this black fire like the one in the dragon whale grotto-heaven? It actually appeared here! Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is truly formidable!” Wu Shuai’s heart jumped. Even an expert like him felt extreme threat from the black fire.


 There was nothing else to say, the immortals used their methods to defend against the black fire.


 However, all the methods were of no use.


 Even when Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit used all their strength, they could only extinguish a little of the black fire.


 Moreover, once the black fire was destroyed to a certain extent, it would change form, transforming into black water, black lightning, and so on, killing many Gu Immortals who were caught off guard.


 At the crucial moment, He Chun Qiu took action.


 “Don’t panic! The main body also expected this scene, and taught me a countermeasure.” He Chun Qiu said as he activated a human path formation.


 The human path formation had the thousand wish tree, and also the secluded domain of heaven and earth, Human Sea.


 Bam bam bam...


 Lumps of white light flew out from the formation.


 These lumps of light were extremely large, they flew everywhere in the mini five regions. As long as the black fire spread, the white light would pounce on it.


 The black fire was quickly dissipating, it changed its form again. But no matter what form it took, it was still continuing to be extinguished by the white light.


 The white light’s effect was excellent, but the black fire continued to gather and grow.


 “It will be really dangerous if this continues!”


 “Human path killer moves are effective, but they cannot compare to the black fire’s growth.”


 “What should we do?”


 The immortals panicked.


 “Oh no, black fire has appeared on Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley!”


 “The earth vein formation is also being burned!”


 The situation worsened rapidly, He Chun Qiu, Wu Shuai, and the rest were pale.


 The situation was out of control!


 The human path formation left behind by Fang Yuan was also implicated.


 What to do?


 These Gu Immortals had already tried their best, but they could do nothing.


 They could only depend on Fang Yuan’s main body!


 Fang Yuan’s main body was continuing to dodge, his whole body was bathed in blood, his hair were disheveled, and his arm was broken. He was in a miserable state.


 He simply could not counterattack and gain any initiative against the two venerables. Five restriction profound light qi was forced to stop, one phrase could be used to describe the current Fang Yuan — hanging onto his last breath.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s methods were truly terrifying and dealt with Fang Yuan’s methods by destroying their foundation.


 The Gu Immortals left behind to guard the sovereign immortal aperture could do nothing more, their only hope lay with Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan did not have such an opportunity.


 The two venerables attacked like a storm, arriving one after another, not giving him the chance to catch a breather.


 “I must resolve the black fire!” Fang Yuan clenched his teeth. If he ignored the black fire, his sovereign immortal aperture would be as good as destroyed.


 Immortal killer move — Hu Elevation!


 Suddenly, a qi path killer move descended, temporarily blocking a venerable.


 Qi Sea clone had made his move, he was finally freed from the shackles.


 “Here I come!” Zhan Bu Du roared. He was freed from the responsibility of protecting Qi Sea, he rampaged and fought his way to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Fang Yuan’s main body took the chance to retreat.


 Immortal killer move — Humanly Flame Smoke!


 He activated his method to save the human path formation first. Then, he coordinated with the human path formation to deal with the black fire that was scattered everywhere.


 Burning white flames shrouded the black fire, and started tearing it apart.


 The main body’s abilities were indeed extraordinary, the black fire’s growth was immediately impeded.


 However, Zhan Bu Du and Qi Sea Ancestor were being beaten back.


 “Paradise Earth!” Fang Yuan retreated towards Paradise Earth.


 Paradise Earth took a deep breath, as he activated heavenly web protection veil once again.


 With his help, Fang Yuan obtained a brief respite. When the two venerables broke the heavenly web, Zhan Bu Du and Qi Sea Ancestor arrived to reinforce him.


 The battle had lasted until now, but the two venerables were unable to take Fang Yuan’s life. Both frowned.


 Crazed Demon formation was shrinking rapidly, the limit on the venerables was being released.


 Their attacks became increasingly terrifying, Fang Yuan could only flee miserably.


 Immortal Gu House — Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress!


 Fang Yuan hid inside the Immortal Gu House and activated a killer move. This move used ability Gu as the core, it had the effect of absorbing the black fire!


 The deadlock inside the sovereign immortal aperture finally began turning for the better.


 Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress protected Fang Yuan for a while before it was broken by the combined strength of the two venerables.


 “Die!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly used a vicious killer move.


 “Protect me!” Fang Yuan cried out in alarm, he was unable to dodge in time.


 At the crucial moment, Zhan Bu Du flew over and used his body to block the killer move.


 Boom!


 A huge explosion rang, Zhan Bu Du was torn into pieces, dying immediately.



***
Chapter 2206 - Fighting Over Eternal Life


***





 Chapter 2206: Fighting Over Eternal Life 

 Fang Yuan’s eyelids twitched.


 The other pseudo venerables’ hearts sank heavily.


 On the contrary, the morale of Heavenly Court’s immortals surged.


 Fang Yuan lost Zhan Bu Du, one of his main clones. Zhan Bu Du’s immortal aperture was also quickly absorbed by the Crazed Demon formation.


 But fortunately, under the control of Zhan Bu Du’s will, his various Immortal Gu were sent in time to treasure yellow heaven.


 However, black fire was still wreaking havoc in the sovereign immortal aperture!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked once again.


 Fang Yuan clenched his teeth as he ordered the Qi Sea clone to block the calamity.


 Qi Sea clone did not have tough body like Zhan Bu Du, his death was certain against Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attack. But Fang Yuan could only choose to sacrifice this clone to protect himself.


 However, at the next moment, starry paths shook and twisted, forming an azure sphere that trapped Qi Sea Ancestor.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was caught unprepared, his killer move bombarded the starry path sphere and destroyed it instantly.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable turned around to look at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the latter heaved a sigh.


 Lu Wei Yin and the rest’s spirits shook. This was the first lapse in the cooperation of the two venerables!


 This was really fortunate!


 Qi Sea clone managed to escape death, he continued to protect Fang Yuan by his side.


 The situation in the sovereign immortal aperture had only turned slightly better. As long as Fang Yuan let go of his control by even a slight bit, the situation would erupt again, and the whole immortal aperture would face destruction.


 A huge sound rang as the void shook.


 Crazed Demon Cave’s eighth layer disappeared completely, the final merged great world turned into nothingness, and countless living beings became sacrificial offerings.


 The Door of Life and Death with the immortal graveyard flew away, they were stored by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable in her immortal aperture.


 Crazed Demon Cave had a total of nine layers. The first seven layers were swept clean by Fang Yuan, the eighth layer was completely gone, only the final ninth layer remained.


 And in the Crazed Demon formation in the center of the ninth layer, only the final truthful floating ice piece remained.


 The three Crazed Demon Eccentrics were on the floating ice, they were activating practice Gu together, like they were carving the final part.


 Seeing this scene, the immortals felt their mind shake, while Fang Yuan silently let out a sigh of relief.


 The danger had passed!


 He had finally passed the most difficult time.


 Indeed, like Fang Yuan expected, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not attack him anymore. Both stopped on their spots, looking at each other.


 The atmosphere changed subtly.


 The two venerables had allied to get rid of the pseudo venerables. But Fang Yuan used every method he could to hold onto his last breath.


 The venerables’ plan had failed.


 Right now, the eternal life research results were already close to completion. The most important thing now was to seize these results!


 Whoever tangled with those pseudo venerables would be giving the other venerable a chance.


 “Success, we succeeded!” The three eccentrics slumped on the ground, shouting hoarsely and excitedly.


 Immortal killer move — Luck Gamble!


 The two venerables’ stalemate lasted for a while, when Qin Ding Ling came out of the starry paths.


 She used the killer move once again, targeting Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Almost at the same time, Golden Hooped Great Immortal appeared again, using his golden hoop to trap Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Compared to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable clearly held the upper hand.


 As long as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was struck by these methods, his combat system’s foundation would be hit, and he would fall into a disadvantage. Even if he were to not be hit, he would have to slow down for a while to deal with Qin Ding Ling and Golden Hooped Great Immortal.


 With just those few minutes of advantage, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable might be able to last until the end and seize the eternal life research results.


 However, right at this time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled: “Star Constellation, you have good methods, but you seem to have forgotten something?”


 At the next moment, a rank eight Immortal Gu House suddenly shone brightly. Most of the void in the ninth layer was filled with this light.


 It was Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace!


 This Immortal Gu House was already placed in the Crazed Demon formation by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had used this to break out of the trap, Fang Yuan and others had also escaped alongside him.


 From that moment onwards, this Immortal Gu House had been comprehending the Crazed Demon formation’s workings until it was shaken off.


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was not a piece of truthful floating ice after all. After it was thrown out, it hid deeply, and even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable seemed to have failed to sense it.


 Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace was not simple, it had comprehended Crazed Demon formation’s workings and was compatible with this world.


 Right now, it was activated by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. It immediately affected the Crazed Demon formation and caused unrest in Limitless’ chains.


 The Star Constellation Chessboard Formation that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable arranged had forcefully merged with Limitless’ chains and also restrained the various pseudo venerables, including Fang Yuan. It was already at its limits.


 Right now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly made his move, allowing the chains of Limitless to break free from the starry paths, thus causing the whole Star Constellation Chessboard Formation to collapse.


 Guh.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable coughed out blood, she had suffered a terrifying backlash.


 Using this chance, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable rushed forward, rapidly closing the distance between him and the Crazed Demon formation.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not have time to heal her injuries, she took out that mysterious secluded domain of heaven and earth once again.


 This secluded domain was like a lantern and also like a bird cage.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable aimed the lantern-like secluded domain of heaven and earth at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s back and shook it lightly.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was immediately disturbed by immense emotions, his speed fell sharply.


 Starlight specks shot out around Star Constellation Immortal Venerable as she gave chase.


 Bam bam bam...


 The two venerables fought, storms blew from the aftershock, the world shook intensely.


 Fortunately, this was the void, otherwise, nothing would be left!


 The two venerables held each other back, reaching that final mountain-like large truthful floating ice at almost the same time.


 The two venerables suddenly stopped, their expressions were strange.


 Pang Shan of the three eccentrics woke up at this time. He was extremely fat before, but was now skinny, as if all his essence had been drained.


 “What happened?”


 “Why are there still no eternal life results?!”


 “We were just a little short!”


 “But we don’t have any strength left...”


 Pang Shan’s gaze was dim, he was not in the right condition. He seemed to have become crazy, murmuring to himself.


 His voice awakened the other two immortals.


 Secret Schemer’s expression was unsightly. He was slumped on the ground, and was barely able to cup his fists towards the two venerables: “Venerables, the eternal life research results are just lacking a step, no, half a step. As long as either of you activate practice Gu for a little while, this truthful floating ice will be carved successfully!”


 The two venerables were silent.


 This final truthful floating ice was not a small matter!


 Whoever went in would not be able to come out for some time. If they wanted to come out, they needed to completely carve this truthful floating ice.


 But was it that easy?


 The eighth layer was destroyed, there were no more great worlds to provide fuel and clues to the Crazed Demon formation.


 That was to say, they needed to contribute their own strength to carve this truthful floating ice.


 The contribution amount was very crucial. If they needed to contribute too much, even if the venerable who entered the truthful floating ice held the lead, their battle strength would fall. Finally, they might play into the hands of the other venerable who was in a perfect state!


 Be it Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they both had scruples. They stood silently for some time.


 On the other side, the fight between the pseudo venerables and Heavenly Court Gu Immortals was still continuing.


 “Duke Tong, don’t you like stopping me?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue smiled fiercely as he pointed with his finger.


 Boom boom boom!


 Qi spheres burst, Duke Tong exploded into pieces with not even a bone remaining.


 “Endless spears!” Che Wei shouted, countless spears shot out from around him like a dense forest.


 Lu Wei Yin charged through the spear forest and grabbed.


 A yellowish-brown giant hand flew out and grabbed Che Wei.


 “Without Star Constellation Chessboard Formation, even if you have unparalleled talent, how can you block me?” Lu Wei Yin sighed. The yellowish-brown giant hand clenched, forcefully pressing Che Wei into meat paste.


 The Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were inferior to the pseudo venerables after all.


 Previously, even inside Star Constellation Chessboard formation, these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals were hard pressed to block the pseudo venerables, they died constantly on the battlefield.


 They relied on the immortal graveyard to revive and participate in the battle again, balancing their weak battle strength.


 Now, without Star Constellation Chessboard formation and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to control the overall situation, these Heavenly Court Gu Immortals immediately got outmatched. They were slaughtered one after the other, unable to block the pseudo venerables.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly when she saw this, immediately making a move to help.


 How could Giant Sun Immortal Venerable let go of this chance, he immediately acted to block Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 The two venerables fought once again!


 Both venerables had equal strength. Using the brief respite, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable opened his immortal aperture and let out Calamity Luck Altar.


 At the same time, he transmitted his voice: “Bing Sai Chuan, go!”


 Calamity Luck Altar quickly charged towards the truthful floating ice, Bing Sai Chuan received Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s command and flew into it.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted as she shook the lantern again.


 Calamity Luck Altar’s movement stopped immediately. Bing Sai Chuan, who was in charge of Calamity Luck Altar suddenly grasped his chest, he knelt down and started crying.


 He blamed himself endlessly, sobbing: “It is all my fault, it is all my fault! I am wrong, I am to blame. If I was slightly stronger, I could have assisted master in defeating Heavenly Court and obtaining the eternal life research results. What is the point of my life? I have let down master. Sob sob sob... I should just die!”


 Saying so, Bing Sai Chuan actually activated a killer move to kill himself!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed, he endured Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s attacks while summoning Calamity Luck Altar to his side.


 Golden light flowed and entered Bing Sai Chuan’s body and mind.


 With Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s help, Bing Sai Chuan broke free from the guilty emotions.


 His head was covered in cold sweat, he felt lingering fear: “If not for master, I would have killed myself! This is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method? Master has been enduring such terrifying emotional torture all along?”


 As he thought of this, fear rose in Bing Sai Chuan’s heart.


 His face was pale as he slumped on the ground, his body shivering intensely.


 He opened his mouth and breathed heavily, but still felt suffocation.


 His heart was filled with fear, he was scaring himself to death!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took action and saved Bing Sai Chuan once again.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled. She got a hold of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s weakness, she also bullied him for not having an excellent method to revive his subordinates.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to avoid colliding with her, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable opened her immortal aperture, letting out Qin Ding Ling and the other immortals.


 These Gu Immortals were killed by Lu Wei Yin’s group, but had revived shortly after in the immortal graveyard.


 The moment these people exited Star Constellation’s immortal aperture, they spread out and flew towards the truthful floating ice.



***
Chapter 2207 - Limitless’ Revival!


***





 Chapter 2207: Limitless’ Revival! 

 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable coldly activated various methods and killed all these Heavenly Court members.


 The two venerables held each other back, exchanging moves one after the other, not letting the other’s subordinates enter the truthful floating ice.


 The situation was at a deadlock once again. While the battle continued, a figure suddenly closed in on the truthful floating ice.


 It was Shen Shang!


 “Seeking death!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shouted, golden light shooting out of his eyes.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also attacked Shen Shang at the same time.


 Shen Shang shouted and quickly retreated, Paradise Earth and Lu Wei Yin used all their strength to protect him.


 The two venerables’ attacks broke past layers of defense and reached Shen Shang.


 Shen Shang cried out, fainting immediately from the attacks. His injuries were so terrifying that he was only lingering on a single breath.


 After fighting for so long, the two venerables were filled with anger, and also knew the limits of the strength they could use now. Shen Shang’s attempt triggered the two venerables’s nerves, he was immediately attacked by both venerables!


 Shen Shang’s miserable state caused the pseudo venerables to feel their hearts shaking.


 The two venerables used action to tell them that if they wanted to fish for profits right under their eyes, this would be their outcome!


 The situation continued to be at a deadlock. The two venerables held each other back, their attention focused on each other, letting the pseudo venerables watch from the sidelines.


 And it was an extravagant wish for the pseudo venerables to try to charge into the truthful floating ice. Once they showed any movements, they would be attacked by both venerables.


 After Shen Shang’s attempt, Paradise Earth, Qi Jue, and others tried to grab onto opportunities during the fight between the venerables, but it was all in vain.


 Lu Wei Yin was heavily injured, while Paradise Earth was lightly injured and was panting heavily.


 Soon, Shen Shang woke up, his injuries were severe and were difficult to heal in a short period of time.


 When Demon Immortal Qi Jue noticed something wrong, he immediately retreated and gave up on the chance. Thus, his condition was quite good.


 As for Fang Yuan, he did not make many moves. He just observed the fight while saving his aperture.


 He had finally resolved the black fire!


 But he paid an astronomical price.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, every large and small resource point was damaged. Dang Hun Mountain and Luo Po Valley were burned by black fire, they were in a ruined state.


 Many Immortal Gu were also destroyed by the black fire, even more Gu Immortals died.


 Sixty percent of the Gu Immortals were dead, including the old Combat Beast King.


 Fang Yuan was almost back to his original state due to this tribulation, his foundation had fallen by seventy to eighty percent!


 “Only twenty percent of my immortal essence is remaining.” Fang Yuan inwardly calculated.


 He had time path methods to accelerate the immortal essence production as well as the help of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, but his expenditure was too huge.


 Let alone the immortal essence expenditure when constructing resource points and refining Immortal Gu, just the repeated large battles caused the immortal essence reserves to fall sharply. Fang Yuan’s calculations were of no use, he had no room to save them.


 Using just twenty percent of his immortal essence to face the two venerables who were in their optimum states was extremely dangerous.


 Boom boom boom!


 The two venerables attacked, the power of their killer moves continued to increase, surpassing the previous limit.


 The Crazed Demon formation was continuing to operate, Limitless’s chains emerged out of thin air and shot towards the two venerables.


 The two venerables blocked Limitless’ chains, while attacking even more fiercely!


 At first, the two venerables were rather restrained. But as the stalemate continued, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable broke the limit and triggered Limitless’ chains.


 He defended against the chains while attacking Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, quickly gaining the upper hand.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was forced to raise the power of her killer move as well to deal with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Like this, she also provoked the attacks of Limitless’ chains.


 The situation was gradually going out of control. The two venerables fought and competed fiercely with each other, gradually using stronger killer moves.


 At first, there were only hundreds of chains, but soon, the number increased by several times as they mixed into the venerables’ fight.


 The pseudo venerables had to retreat again and again, almost forced to the edge of the ninth layer.


 “The two venerables are really going all out!”


 “No, more accurately speaking, they have no way to hold back. Even though they are aware that this is not optimal, they cannot do anything about it. The vicious competition has already started.”


 “What should we do? We won’t be able to hold on for long if this continues!”


 “So this is a venerable’s true strength. Us pseudo venerables don’t even have the qualifications to observe the battle closely.”


 These pseudo venerables conversed.


 Paradise Earth looked at Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan, do you have a good plan?”


 Fang Yuan’s face was pale, his aura was extremely weak. He smiled bitterly and shook his head.


 However, a change occurred right at this moment.


 The two venerables’ killer moves collided and exploded, but the leftover power of the moves hit the truthful floating ice.


 The truthful floating ice was heavily damaged. Crack, crack, countless cracks appeared on the floating ice.


 The three eccentrics were also heavily injured, Pang Shan even died immediately!


 “Floating ice, the floating ice!” Secret Schemer coughed blood, but was still shouting in worry. His face was twisted, there was not even a slight bearing of a wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 “What are you doing? You idiots. These are the eternal life research results, we just need a person to continue activating practice Gu. But you are actually destroying it!!” Not Immortal hit his chest and stamped his foot, scolding and pointing at the two venerables. He had fallen into a hysterical frenzy.


 The pseudo venerables’ expressions looked unsightly, but the two venerables did not listen.


 The damage to the eternal life research results shook their hearts.


 But they could not stop.


 By now, the battle had come to such a state that whoever stopped would be suppressed by the other side, they would suffer a huge loss.


 The two venerables had equal strength. Once one side suffered a huge loss, it would influence victory and defeat.


 The victory and defeat here was not just about eternal life research results, but also the overall situation of the five regions. Be it Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the winner would influence Longevity Heaven’s and Heavenly Court’s prestige, even determining who the five regions would come under!


 Naturally, retreating might be an option too.


 But if one retreated, the other side would quickly interfere and obtain the eternal life research results, they could just send someone to complete the final step and obtain the eternal life research results!


 Thus, they could not retreat.


 Although some of the eternal life research results were destroyed, the main part was still there.


 But if they continued to fight like this without anyone willing to retreat, if they were unable to determine victory or defeat, the eternal life research results might really be completely destroyed.


 The two venerables were naturally aware of this.


 But they could not step back.


 Even if everything was destroyed in the end and no one obtained it, it was still better than letting the enemy obtain it!


 “Fang Yuan.” Under such a situation, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly shouted, “Heavenly Court is our common enemy, lend me a hand, I will split the eternal life research results with you, just like Primordial Domain.”


 The immortals were astonished.


 Not long ago, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been trying to kill Fang Yuan. But now, he actually took the initiative to request for an alliance.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was actually so shameless?


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable reacted immediately, shouting: “Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court always had the intention of recruiting you, we had tried to recruit you in the past. Now that fate Gu is destroyed, why can’t our sides join hands?”


 All the immortals were astonished once again.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable acted like this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also did the same, did all venerables behave like this?


 But soon, the immortals accepted this seemingly absurd fact.


 A venerable’s strength surpassed pseudo venerables, but Fang Yuan was different. Not long ago, the two venerables had joined hands to attack him, but he held onto his last breath!


 Currently, the two venerables were in a stalemate. Fang Yuan had enough strength to participate, whichever side he joined, the other side would immediately fall into a disadvantageous position.


 Just based on the current situation, a slight disadvantage might be enough to decide victory and defeat. Even if the venerables still had spare strength and safety nets, if they could recruit Fang Yuan to get rid of the other side’s trump cards, there would be no loss.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Venerables, you both have good plans! It is not impossible to get my help. But can you pay the price?”


 Fang Yuan had no fear!


 His aura had fallen to rock-bottom, the tribulations had ruined his sovereign immortal aperture, but the situation was already different.


 No venerable was foolish enough to find trouble with him, because it was not worth it.


 Even if the two venerables joined hands again, Fang Yuan was not tied down by the black fire tribulation, he could hold on for some time. What’s more, it was impossible for the two venerables to join hands anymore!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable fell out with Fang Yuan, but he took the initiative to make up for it. It was because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was strong, and Fang Yuan was weak.


 The similar reason applied to the relationship between Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Fang Yuan. Despite Fang Yuan’s and Heavenly Court’s deep enmity, with the eternal life research results right in front, they could work together indeed.


 Why not?


 Fang Yuan was never a person who was blinded by emotions.


 But the falling out between the two venerables could not be easily patched. They were extremely wary of each other. They would only work together if an even stronger force appeared, in which they believed it was more advantageous to do so!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled: “Fang Yuan, I can give you all of my Primordial Domain!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable bid right after: “I can also give all of my Primordial Domain to you, we can also transact my wisdom path true inheritance and Genesis Lotus’ wood path true inheritance. Not only you, Fang Yuan, this invitation goes to Paradise Earth, Lu Wei Yin, Shen Shang, Qi Jue, and everyone as well, my Heavenly Court’s bearing is known to all. I am willing to swear in the name of Star Constellation...”


 Crack crack.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had yet to finish speaking when everyone heard a crisp sound.


 Secret Schemer and Not Immortal stared at the truthful floating ice with wide eyes.


 Cracks spread and filled the truthful floating ice.


 “Did that attack from earlier completely destroy this truthful floating ice?!” Not Immortal shouted while holding his head.


 The immortals stared at the truthful floating ice.


 If the truthful floating ice broke down completely, what would they be fighting for?


 Bam.


 At the next moment, a soft sound rang. The truthful floating ice completely broke down, the crystal fragments flew everywhere before gradually dissipating.


 Only a human shaped ice was left in the middle.


 The form and outline of this human shaped ice were very vague at first. But in just a few breaths of time, it became lifelike. And in another few breaths of time, it was filled with flesh and blood.


 Finally, under the immortals’ stupefied gaze, the human shaped ice turned into a Gu Immortal.


 “Forever been the Dao-Seeking Crazed Demon,”


 “Looking up towards life, death, and the universe.”


 “Through a million years of planning and accumulation,”


 “On this day, Limitless achieves true eternal life!”


 This immortal recited and slowly opened his eyes. His expression was plain, but it shocked Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and Paradise Earth.


 “Limitless?” Paradise Earth could not believe it.


 “Limitless!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable frowned tightly.


 “Limitless Demon Venerable, how could you revive? This is impossible!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cried out involuntarily.



***
Chapter 2208 - True Eternal Life


***





 Chapter 2208: True Eternal Life 

 The most shocked person was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 She had penetrated incredibly deeply into Crazed Demon Cave and Limitless’ formation. Even after countless investigations, she did not notice that Limitless’ revival method was in this Crazed Demon Cave.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had the same investigation results as her.


 Precisely so, the two venerables fought so intensely earlier.


 But the truth was in front of them, Limitless Demon Venerable had actually managed to revive.


 “Don’t tell me, when the final piece of truthful floating ice was successfully carved, Limitless Demon Venerable revived and attained eternal life in one step?” Fang Yuan was also shaken.


 Fang Yuan could also sense acutely that the current Limitless Demon Venerable’s aura far surpassed the other two venerables.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could feel this difference even more deeply.


 Facing Limitless Demon Venerable, they seemed to be up against towering mountains and vast oceans.


 “This is not in line with historical records, did Limitless Demon Venerable really surpass the venerables and attain eternal life?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyes flickered with golden light.


 “His current condition is extremely strange, his aura is so strong that even master cannot compare to him.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was shocked and suspicious.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at each other and moved at the same time, attacking Limitless Demon Venerable with fierce methods.


 Limitless Demon Venerable smiled lightly, chains flew around in a spiral, easily resolving the methods of the two venerables.


 The two venerables were shocked internally but their fighting spirit soared, they launched even stronger killer moves in response.


 Limitless Demon Venerable only defended instead of attacking, even after a few rounds of barraging, they did not manage to harm a hair of Limitless Demon Venerable.


 Limitless let out a soft sound as he waved his hands, at once, space rippled, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable retreated immediately.


 Paradise Earth and Fang Yuan did not dare to linger either, they quickly dodged.


 At once, around a thousand steps of Limitless Demon Venerable, other than Not Immortal and Secret Schemer, there was nobody else.


 Giant Sun had a grim expression.


 Star Constellation had a deep gaze that flickered with starlight, she seemed to be making deductions with her full strength.


 Limitless Demon Venerable smiled: “I do not wish to be enemies with all of you. The fruit of eternal life has been obtained after a million years, but I have not truly tested it yet.”


 “How do you want to test it?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable asked.


 “Watch.” Limitless Demon Venerable turned around slightly.


 All the immortals stared fixedly.


 At the original spot that Limitless Demon Venerable was in, a tiny hole appeared.


 Through this hole, the Gu Immortals could see a vast sea of — Chaos!


 It seemed like black, yet it was not black. It seemed like white, yet it was not white.


 If one said it was light, it would be light. If one said it was darkness, it would be darkness.


 Almost no descriptive word in the world could accurately describe it.


 Because chaos was just chaos after all.


 Chaos was the greatest calamity!


 “You lunatic, you actually broke the world boundary again, aren’t you afraid that the entire world will be destroyed?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable called out.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also added in with a solemn tone: “Limitless, I know about your aspiration. But if you intend to go ahead with this and destroy the five regions and two heavens, even if I have to sacrifice my life alongside Heavenly Court, we will exterminate you!”


 “Both of you, calm down. The hole is not big, I merely want to test the result of this eternal life. Us venerables are invincible in the world, yet we are plagued by tribulations that originate from this chaos.”


 “Of the venerables here, who has not gotten injured from the chaos? Who has not suffered an ordeal because of it?”


 “Crazed Demon Cave has been active for a million years, there is one most clear indicator if we want to know if the eternal life obtained is successful.”


 Saying this, Limitless Demon Venerable extended his arm into the hole.


 The other venerables and the various Gu Immortals held their breaths subconsciously, staring at him fixedly.


 Limitless Demon Venerable did not activate any killer move, he was using his own body to do this experiment.


 He was simply too daring!


 Even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would never attempt this.


 Even though they could last for some time in the chaos, that was the result of them using their full strength to defend their bodies.


 If they acted like Limitless Demon Venerable, who did not put up any defense, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would be completely obliterated with just a slight touch of the chaos! Unless they managed to cut off the body part in time.


 Limitless Demon Venerable placed his arm in simply like this, after a while, he pulled back his arm.


 His arm was pitch-black, it seemed like charcoal created after a tree was completely burnt.


 But when he clenched his arm, the ‘black charcoal’ on the surface instantly vanished into thin air, exposing a slightly smaller arm.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s mouth was wide open as he said dejectedly: “Is this... the true realm of eternal life?!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sigh to herself: “I understand why I did not deduce it now. When you created Crazed Demon Cave, you had constantly been making use of the chaos outside the world. You lunatic!”


 Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable nearly destroyed the world, the reason was that he created a huge hole.


 And at the deepest part of Limitless’ formation, he broke the world boundary and created a tiny hole.


 If there was a commotion in the Crazed Demon formation and this tiny hole became larger, it would be trouble. The entire Gu world might be destroyed as a result.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable called Limitless a lunatic, she was not wrong at all.


 For the last million years, the world had been on the brink of destruction. And the reason for this was Limitless Demon Venerable.


 Limitless Demon Venerable looked at his arm and sighed softly, replying Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: “In my previous life, I had already reached the end of the road. Even when I asked the Heavenly Dao, there was no possibility of eternal life. I was pitifully restrained by fate Gu, after searching long and hard, through laborious planning, I designed this Crazed Demon Cave. I simply had no other choice but to use this method.”


 “But to play safe, I involved Heavenly Court in this.”


 “With you guys around, even if a problem occurred in the Crazed Demon formation and the hole got larger, you would do your best to fix it.”


 Hearing this, how could Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expression possibly be amicable?


 She realized now that the reason why Limitless Demon Venerable drew her into the gamble was not just because he needed her wisdom path attainment or Heavenly Court’s strength to derive new heaven path research results. The deeper intention was to bring in Heavenly Court’s involvement as an assurance.


 If Crazed Demon Cave became a problem, Heavenly Court would have to clean up after Limitless Demon Venerable.


 But because of Heavenly Court’s perspective, they would spare no expense in repairing it, they would be willing to do so in fact!


 “But...” Limitless Demon Venerable added: “This is still not at the level of eternal life. Don’t you think so too, Paradise Earth?”


 Paradise Earth nodded slowly and expressionlessly.


 Fang Yuan had some sort of realization, the true realm of eternal life would be complete indestructibility against the chaos. Limitless Demon Venerable had clearly not reached that stage yet.


 “Just a bit more, I am lacking by just a bit.” Limitless Demon Venerable continued to shake his head, sighing deeply.


 He turned his gaze towards Demon Immortal Qi Jue: “Qi Jue, Qi Jue, can you lend me a hand?”


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue snorted coldly: “Why must I help you?”


 Limitless Demon Venerable took out practice Gu, smiling: “This Immortal Gu was prepared for you to begin with, Qi Jue, for this moment, I have already waited for you for over a million years.”


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue laughed loudly until tears flowed out: “So my revival was really part of your schemes. Hahaha, too laughable, simply too laughable. This is so disappointing, so disappointing!”


 He was not mocking Limitless Demon Venerable, he was laughing at himself.


 He had always felt resentful and unresigned after losing to Limitless Demon Venerable. After revival, he had always wanted to take revenge.


 But at this moment, he finally understood the huge gap between him and Limitless Demon Venerable.


 Limitless Demon Venerable was quiet as he watched Demon Immortal Qi Jue cry and laugh, afterwards, he tossed practice Gu to the latter.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue had a complex expression at this moment.


 He recalled the scene of the deepest memory he had.


 “Limitless, you want to become a venerable, but did you ask me? With me around, you can dream on about becoming a venerable!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue sneak attacked Limitless Demon Venerable and succeeded.


 Because he knew that once Limitless became a venerable, he would no longer have a chance of winning.


 This battle lasted nine days and nights.


 Thereafter, Demon Immortal Qi Jue lost.


 His eyes were blood red as he called out to Limitless Demon Venerable: “You have passed the tribulation long ago and became a venerable already. Why did you seal your own cultivation level to fight to the death with me?”


 Limitless Demon Venerable was bathed in blood, he had struggled at death’s doors several times during the intense battle.


 He smiled lightly: “Because you are my Dao Guardian, only when I am at the brink of death can I understand the true relationship between a venerable and their Dao Guardian. And the truth has been proven, my guess was not wrong after all. I have already comprehended the secret behind the Dao Guardian.”


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue stared with wide eyes: “To prove such a guess, you even disregarded your own life? Even though you had already become a venerable, even though you are already invincible in the world?!”


 Limitless Demon Venerable replied plainly: “Even though I became a venerable, this is merely another cultivation level. Compared to this, I would prefer to pursue the Great Dao.”


 ...


 “Limitless, oh Limitless. Even a million years cannot change your nature. You are still that Limitless I know!” Demon Immortal Qi Jue pointed at Demon Immortal Qi Jue and shouted.


 Limitless Demon Venerable smiled: “Like how I am still Limitless, you are also still that Demon Immortal Qi Jue, right?”


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue gritted his teeth, he seemed to have become too helpless to rage, he grabbed practice Gu and flew towards Limitless Demon Venerable: “You are right, I am still me. Then let’s do it!”


 Bright light flashed in Limitless Demon Venerable’s eyes: “Good! You are my Dao Guardian, our destinies are intertwined, according to my deduction, only with the help of the Dao Guardian can a venerable go one step further, to break through the realm of venerable and attain eternal life!”


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue gritted his teeth: “Then let me see what is true eternity!”


 Saying so, he activated practice Gu.


 The light of practice Gu enveloped Limitless Demon Venerable’s entire body.


 Limitless Demon Venerable’s body expanded rapidly, he went from a normal person’s size to a ten foot giant.


 In contrast, Demon Immortal Qi Jue became weaker and weaker, his aura fell to rock bottom, he had no choice but to stop using practice Gu.


 As for Limitless Demon Venerable’s aura, it was completely concealed, no different from an ordinary mortal.


 But anyone could tell that the current Limitless Demon Venerable had become powerful to a point which nobody could fathom. Because even against the investigative killer moves of the various immortals, he was no different than a common man.


 The immortals could not see through him!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Paradise Earth, and the others did not move, they watched in anticipation.


 Even if they wanted to stop him, it would be too difficult.


 Limitless Demon Venerable took in a deep breath before stretching his arm into the hole of the world boundary again.


 A moment later, he pulled back his arm, it was completely intact!



***
Chapter 2209 - Limitless’ Death


***





 Chapter 2209: Limitless’ Death 

 Everyone was silent.


 Even for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, after seeing Limitless Demon Venerable’s intact arm, they fell into extreme shock.


 After a Gu cultivator became an immortal, they would face earthly calamities, heavenly tribulations, grand tribulations, and myriad tribulations. After becoming rank nine, the calamities and tribulations would become even more terrifying.


 Venerables faced a grand tribulation every ten years, a myriad tribulation every fifty years, and a chaotic disaster every one hundred years!


 This chaotic disaster originated from the chaos outside the world boundary.


 Each time it arrived, the venerable’s life would be in danger, they had to use their full strength to fight for a chance of survival.


 Ordinary Gu Immortals did not know this, but all the past venerables had gone through these terrifying chaotic disasters, they knew about the terror of this tribulation.


 And now, Limitless Demon Venerable tested it with his own body, without even using any defensive methods, he resisted the chaos and returned unharmed!!!


 This scene was a huge shock to the present venerables.


 As for people like Fang Yuan who knew the details while not having experienced them personally, his shock was not as great as the venerables.


 “You did it.” A while later, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed deeply and said.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable remained silent.


 “No, he hasn’t. This is not true eternal life yet!” Paradise Earth suddenly spoke, he had a tone and expression of certainty.


 Everyone looked towards him.


 “Indeed, I have not. This is not considered eternal life.” At the next moment, Limitless Demon Venerable agreed with the words as he showed an expression of dejectedness.


 Next, he made a shocking move.


 He opened his mouth towards the hole of the world boundary and started to suck in.


 A large amount of chaos was sucked into Limitless Demon Venerable’s stomach!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable watched with contracted pupils, they could not help but take in a deep breath.


 If a venerable was considered a child, the chaos would be fire. earlier, when Limitless Demon Venerable placed his hand into the chaos, he was roasting his flesh with the fire. But now, he was even more daring, he was swallowing fire!


 After Limitless Demon Venerable sucked in a large amount of chaos, he sat down in a cross-legged fashion.


 At the same time, chaos seeped out of the hole and rushed towards his head, shoulders, and body like a flowing river.


 Limitless Demon Venerable activated his killer move for the first time, an immensely strong aura burst out and shook the minds of all the immortals present.


 Everyone watched silently, they knew that Limitless Demon Venerable was currently giving it a try.


 This was an advancement!


 He was trying to advance to the true realm of eternal life!!


 Ever since he was a child, he had maintained a heart of curiosity.


 He was like an innocent child who was filled with desire to explore the unknown.


 He wanted to know everything, he wanted to know the truth.


 He did not pursue fame or fortune, the status of a venerable did not make him feel any pride or arrogance.


 He had once reached the peak of the world, the end of heaven and earth.


 But he still wanted to continue moving!


 Yet, there was no road ahead of him.


 Thus, he planned meticulously and worked with Star Constellation, dragging the entire Gu cultivation world along with his dangerous plan of creating the Crazed Demon formation, he prepared for a million years just for this moment.


 All of it was to pursue the truth!


 No road remained ahead of him.


 Thus, he moved his legs and exerted all his strength to step into the boundless darkness.


 He wanted to carve out his own road!


 This was the final push.


 Limitless was doing his best!


 A long time passed, but it felt like an instant.


 Whoosh.


 Black fire started to spew out of Limitless Demon Venerable’s nose and ears.


 The immortals’ hearts shook.


 Next, Limitless Demon Venerable opened his eyes slowly and looked at the immortals, saying plainly: “I failed.”


 “No! I am still around.” Demon Immortal Qi Jue shouted and made his move, using all his strength to activate practice Gu.


 A wave of profound light shot towards Limitless Demon Venerable’s body from Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 The black fire on Limitless Demon Venerable was quickly extinguished!


 Limitless Demon Venerable gained some time to rest, he laughed loudly and shook his head: “Qi Jue, you can stop now.”


 “How can we determine the result before putting in all our effort?” Demon Immortal Qi Jue rebuked in anger, “Are you willing to give up like this? The true eternal life... I want, I want to see it too!”


 Demon Venerable sighed, a complex expression could be seen on his face: “I failed even after a million years of accumulation. Don’t you get it? Eternal life — does not exist.”


 At the next moment.


 Bam.


 Limitless Demon Venerable shattered abruptly, turning back into countless fragments of truthful floating ice.


 “No!!” Secret Schemer and Not Immortal screamed in unison, grieving like they had lost their loved one.


 Limitless Demon Venerable failed!


 Because Demon Immortal Qi Jue had too close of a connection with him, the chaos instantly approached him, as it swept past him, he vanished without a trace!


 The great pseudo venerable did not even manage to last three breaths of time.


 The power of the terrifying chaotic disaster was evident with one glance!


 The immortals were still in a daze.


 This battle in Crazed Demon Cave that took a million years of accumulation and also all the venerables’ planning ended like this?


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also revived, Paradise Earth changed to cultivating heaven path, while Spectral Soul Demon Venerable lost his reasoning. In the end, Limitless Demon Venerable suppressed everyone in strength, but he still failed to succeed.


 He died, he died on the road of exploration.


 Eternal life?


 It was a mere dream.


 There was nothing!


 It did not exist!!


 “How could he fail? How could he fail!” Not Immortal shouted.


 Secret Schemer held his head and muttered dejectedly: “There is no eternal life... hehe, there is no eternal life... hehe.”


 He had gone insane!


 “Does eternal life really not exist in this world? Venerable is the limit, there is no... road ahead?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable muttered to herself.


 She had asked the question that all the immortals were wondering!


 But nobody could answer it.


 Limitless Demon Venerable might be the most qualified in this aspect, since he had already surpassed everyone else by a huge margin.


 But he had died.


 It failed.


 He died from the chaotic disaster.


 Using his life, it seemed like he exposed a cruel truth to the immortals.


 Whoosh!


 Right at this moment, the sound of wind could be heard.


 Fang Yuan suddenly made his move, snatching a piece of the truthful floating ice!


 The immortals were instantly jolted awake.


 Limitless Demon Venerable died and turned into pieces of truthful floating ice.


 Most of the truthful floating ice had been destroyed in the chaos, but a small portion remained.


 The chaos... could not do anything to them!


 They were the eternal life results derived by Limitless’ Crazed Demon formation, they were definitely the essence of his hard work!!


 Limitless Demon Venerable died, but his million years of hard work had not gone down the drain, he left behind abundant results!


 Snatch them!!


 There was nothing else to say, after the immortals reacted, they attacked almost at the same time.


 Rumble...


 A large number of killer moves were activated, colliding into each other and exploding loudly.


 Heaven shook and the earth cracked!


 Not Immortal and Secret Schemer did not even manage to make a sound before they died on the spot.


 But the remaining pieces of the truthful floating ice were intact and still shining radiantly!


 This was expected.


 Even the chaotic disaster could do nothing to them, venerables and pseudo venerables were also unable to damage them with their killer moves.


 Rumble...


 The scene was chaotic, killer moves influenced each other as the immortals restrained one another.


 “Get lost!!”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shouted angrily, golden light surged in the sky, exploding fiercely like a crashing tsunami, everywhere it went, nothing could stop it.


 Fang Yuan and the other pseudo venerables quickly dodged.


 The golden aurora light suddenly turned into a spiral that sucked in a piece of the truthful floating ice.


 Seeing this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly and scattered some flying stars, hundreds or thousands of them radiated with starlight and crashed into the golden aurora, getting mutually destroyed.


 As Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not succeed, the truthful floating ice that was taken by the golden aurora was free again, it floated freely in the void.


 This was the largest truthful floating ice, all of the remaining truthful floating ice fragments were merely its size after being added up. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was attempting to take away half of this eternal life result that took a million years to nurture, how could that happen? Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would not allow him to succeed!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s gazes were locked onto each other.


 Right at this time, Lu Wei Yin suddenly made a move, targeting the small truthful floating ice fragment that was closest to him.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not move, but starlight appeared out of nowhere, sending Lu Wei Yin flying.


 At almost the same time, Fang Yuan was also stopped by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 He wanted to target the other truthful floating ices but golden light shot down like needles, almost piercing his body.


 The two venerables opposed each other, but they held the same attitude towards Fang Yuan and the rest.


 Be it Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they were very domineering, they did not want the truthful floating ice to end up with anyone else.


 Lu Wei Yin and Fang Yuan were obstructed, at this time, the pseudo venerables had to prepare and wait for another moment to arise when the two venerables fought again.


 The hole was gradually expanding.


 Limitless Demon Venerable had already died. Before he died, he was able to suppress the tiny hole.


 But after his death, the power he left behind was weakening, even though chaos did not seep out of the hole in the world boundary anymore, that was going to happen soon.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took a look at the hole in the world boundary, he spoke calmly to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable: “Star Constellation, why don’t we have a ceasefire again and deal with these pseudo venerables first. We can then fix the world boundary’s hole and split the truthful floating ice between ourselves. How’s that?”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable nodded and replied to him with her direct actions.


 Immediately, starlight danced around and shot everywhere, launching fatal attacks towards Fang Yuan and the other pseudo venerables.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s killer move soon followed.


 Fang Yuan and the rest had to dodge everywhere, they escaped in distress.


 Limitless Demon Venerable died and the Crazed Demon formation was destroyed, without Limitless’ retaliation method, the two venerables were free to attack.


 Of course, they did not use their full strength, even in the current situation. The reason was that they were guarding against each other.


 Even so, Fang Yuan and the rest were in dangerous situations, they were often struggling in the face of death.


 “I can’t continue resisting these two venerables’ power. Everyone, I’m leaving first.” Fang Yuan shouted and dragged Qi Sea Ancestor along, wanting to leave the ninth layer.


 Paradise Earth frowned immediately.


 Crazed Demon Cave only had the ninth layer left now, if Fang Yuan left, the two venerables would not have the opportunity to chase him.


 Because anyone who left would be giving the other venerable a chance.


 It meant giving up the snatching of the truthful floating ice!


 Because next, as long as either venerable made a move to seal the ninth layer of Crazed Demon Cave, the pseudo venerables would have trouble trying to come in again after they leave.


 As long as they stalled for some time, the two venerables would be able to keep away the truthful floating ice, after that, they would be able to easily deal with the pseudo venerables!


 But right at this moment, the two venerables snorted coldly together.


 “Others can leave, but you, Fang Yuan, cannot!”


 “Please leave behind the truthful floating ice that you snatched away earlier, you cannot bring this away with you.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable spoke one sentence each, expressing their honest attitude.


 Among the Gu Immortals, Fang Yuan was the first to get a piece. Everyone else including the two venerables had not obtained anything yet.


 And Fang Yuan’s piece was quite big too, it was at least ten percent of the entire truthful floating ice!


 At this moment, the two venerables cooperated again, dealing with Fang Yuan together.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 Earlier, the two venerables worked together to deal with him, but the pressure now was incomparable to before.


 Soon, Fang Yuan was forced to activate reverse flow protection seal again!


 Reverse Flow River was nearly depleted earlier, but after it was replenished during this period of time, the river water had risen slightly in sovereign immortal aperture.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s killer moves were quickly reflected back to them.


 However, for these two venerables, reverse flow protection seal was only a slight bother, it was a mere obstacle.


 As long as they used skillful methods, they would be able to resolve it in some time.



***
Chapter 2210 - Paradise Earth’s Death


***





 



 “Paradise Earth, I am willing to share my truthful floating ice with you. Right now, we cannot afford to leave each other in the lurch, we must be united and work together.” Fang Yuan shouted.


 Paradise Earth nodded: “Fang Yuan, you are right!”


 Saying so, he made his move.


 But he disregarded Fang Yuan, he targeted a piece of truthful floating ice.


 The truthful floating ice was quickly kept in Paradise Earth’s immortal aperture.


 At the same time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable targeted that largest truthful floating ice again!


 As long as he obtained this, he would be the biggest winner in this Crazed Demon Cave situation. The two venerables were unable to defeat each other, if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to leave, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not stop him.


 “Don’t think about it!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had a cold gaze.


 Bam.


 Killer moves collided, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable managed to repel Giant Sun Immortal Venerable again, but she could not stop Paradise Earth in time.


 Heaven path method!


 The heaven path method that Paradise Earth used to take the truthful floating ice was very profound, his aura was initially concealed to the limit, even the two venerables could not detect it. After activation, the move was extremely fast, even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not stop it in time, allowing Paradise Earth to succeed!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed deeply, she took out that mysterious secluded domain of heaven and earth again.


 This secluded domain of heaven and earth looked like a lantern, once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable used her killer move, she lifted the lantern and shined it on all the Gu Immortals.


 At the next moment, a tsunami made of endless emotions surged into the immortals’ hearts!


 Their expressions changed abruptly, they resisted with difficulty.


 Fang Yuan activated fortitude Gu while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable instilled immortal essence into familial emotion Gu, Paradise Earth activated the killer move emotionless heaven and earth instead to resolve it.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snickered, she took out Book Mountain again.


 Book Mountain shined with dazzling light, all sorts of killer moves were replicated and unleashed on the Gu Immortals.


 There was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s method, Qi Sea Ancestor’s and Demon Immortal Qi Jue’s killer moves, Paradise Earth’s killer move, and even Limitless Demon Venerable’s method!


 At this moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finally unleashed her full strength, using the two killer moves with these two secluded domains of heaven and earth as the cores to suppress everyone that was currently present.


 Her expression paled immediately, the starlight specks around her dimmed, she had consumed over ten billion thoughts to do this, they were nearly fully expended.


 Using this time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable activated Book Mountain, Limitless’ chains flew out to grab the truthful floating ice and send it into her immortal aperture.


 This truthful floating ice was not the biggest one, but it contained an Immortal Gu!


 Nobody noticed this Immortal Gu except Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Precisely because of it, she was willing to temporarily give up the largest truthful floating ice piece and grabbed this smaller piece first.


 After collecting the Immortal Gu, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable immediately stopped her killer move, she stored away Book Mountain and focused on defense.


 Her action was very wise.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could no longer control himself.


 At the next moment, he shouted loudly, golden light shot out fiercely with his retaliation.


 Attacks rained down harshly, forcing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to retreat continuously, she was like a helpless floating duckweed in the storm.


 Using this opportunity, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took a piece of the truthful floating ice as well.


 This was not the largest truthful floating ice piece, but it was the one closest to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Because he knew that he could only suppress Star Constellation Immortal Venerable for a few breaths of time, there was no time to take the largest truthful floating ice!


 As expected, at the next moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable recovered and attacked Giant Sun Immortal Venerable again.


 The two venerables fought intensely, because they were using their full strength while trying to get the truthful floating ice pieces, they did not have the time or energy to spend on other matters. This gave the pseudo venerables a good chance.


 Fang Yuan and Paradise Earth took three or four pieces each.


 Lu Wei Yin, Shen Shang, and Qi Sea also obtained one or two pieces.


 Not long after, the truthful floating ice fragments were all taken except for that final largest piece!


 The two venerables had considerable injuries now, their attempts to take it were all thwarted by the other party.


 The two venerables raced against time, attacking the pseudo venerables again.


 This time, they fought with more motivation. After all, the pseudo venerables all had some truthful floating ice pieces on them.


 “Oh?” While the two venerables suppressed the pseudo venerables, they started to feel a little surprised.


 Because Paradise Earth was displaying greater battle strength than before!


 Almost every breath of time, his strength grew by some extent, his aura was already inching closer to the level of a rank nine venerable now.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes shined with bright light: “So that’s it. Paradise Earth, because you converted to cultivating heaven path, and because this truthful floating ice is closely related to heaven path, you can draw strength from it to raise your cultivation level, this is a brilliant method!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable spoke with a tone of admiration, but her killing intent surged correspondingly as well.


 Earlier, when Fang Yuan asked for help, Paradise Earth ignored him to snatch that truthful floating ice, so this was the reason!


 Evidently, as long as he could get sufficient truthful floating ice pieces, Paradise Earth would be able to alleviate the flaw of being prematurely revived and become a venerable again.


 And this time, he would not be an earth path venerable, but most uniquely, a heaven path venerable!


 Once Paradise Earth became a heaven path venerable, his strength would likely rise up to the top of the world.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were not going to sit around and watch this happen.


 Fate Gu had been destroyed, the entire world was pretty much ruled by them. Nobody would want to see the return of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, especially when this Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable would have far greater strength than them!


 There was no communication, the two venerables worked together for the third time.


 This time, they gave up on Fang Yuan, focusing on Paradise Earth instead.


 Paradise Earth activated heaven path killer moves consecutively to block the two venerables’ attacks, but soon, he showed signs of being unable to continue.


 Even though the heaven path methods were vast and profound, the two venerables had greater strength now.


 Paradise Earth fell into a life-and-death crisis, he shouted at the rest: “Please lend me a hand!”


 Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang hesitated for a moment before tossing their truthful floating ice pieces into treasure yellow heaven at almost the same time.


 Paradise Earth took the truthful floating ices from treasure yellow heaven and quickly used them to raise his cultivation level.


 His aura grew once more, he was only inches away from reaching venerable level.


 “I am only one step away, Fang Yuan!” Paradise Earth transmitted urgently.


 Fang Yuan snickered: “I can give you the truthful floating ice, but Paradise Earth, can you pay a sufficient price that will satisfy me?”


 Paradise Earth gritted his teeth, he immediately sent the Northern Plains Paradise Earth true inheritance into treasure yellow heaven, along with all sorts of heaven path killer moves and his own heaven path cultivation experiences.


 Of course, the most important thing was the alliance agreement.


 To get the most crucial truthful floating ice, Paradise Earth made a huge concession!


 Fang Yuan placed a small piece of the truthful floating ice into treasure yellow heaven, the two quickly made the transaction.


 “Haha, Paradise Earth, you can have the final truthful floating ice pieces too!” After the transaction was done, Fang Yuan shouted loudly.


 Paradise Earth’s heart shook.


 Indeed, at the next moment, both venerables erupted with killer moves surrounding Paradise Earth, barraging him with attacks!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable raised the lantern high up, endless emotions assaulted his heart.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable grabbed with his hands continuously, attacking Paradise Earth’s luck.


 Paradise Earth was covered in terrifying injuries, he was like a mortal hanging on a cliff, moments away from dying.


 Shen Shang, Lu Wei Yin, and even Fang Yuan and Qi Sea Ancestor attacked from afar, using killer moves to try to help out Paradise Earth.


 But it was no use!


 Paradise Earth gritted his teeth, struggling desperately. The truthful floating ice melted gradually, helping him to push to the level of a venerable once again!


 But at the crucial moment, Paradise Earth’s killer move had a peculiar mistake.


 The killer move failed and the backlash triggered, Paradise Earth’s cultivation level was stuck at the final step.


 The two venerables’ attacks arrived and instantly engulfed Paradise Earth.


 “Quickly save him!” Lu Wei Yin shouted and was the first to move.


 The other pseudo venerables’ hearts jumped too as they took action.


 The two venerables were not willing to see Paradise Earth getting saved, they chased after him too.


 The pseudo venerables used all their strengths and disregarded their own danger, managing to block Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attacks with great difficulty.


 But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s starlight still hit Paradise Earth’s body.


 Paradise Earth shouted loudly, veins bulged on his face as he used all his strength to activate a killer move.


 With his defensive killer move broken, his body became covered in countless holes that were ravaged by the starlight, but his healing method was still effective, Paradise Earth was forcefully holding onto his last breath.


 At this time, Qi Sea made a move, shielding Fang Yuan, who quickly got closer to Paradise Earth’s side.


 “Fang Yuan!” Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang jolted, the light of hope shined in their eyes.


 The two venerables’ expressions sank slightly.


 Right as Fang Yuan was about to save Paradise Earth...


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan’s palm slammed onto Paradise Earth’s back and penetrated his chest.


 Paradise Earth was already at his last breath, Fang Yuan’s attack was the fatal blow that he could not endure.


 At the moment before his death, Paradise Earth’s eyes stared wide as he grabbed Fang Yuan’s hand.


 “Paradise Earth, rest in peace.” Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 At the next moment, Paradise Earth’s dwindling aura dissipated entirely.


 He died with eyes wide open!


 The entire scene shook.


 The two venerables looked at Fang Yuan with peculiar expressions.


 Lu Wei Yin’s lips were trembling, he broke the silence and shouted in a hoarse voice: “Fang Yuan, what have you done?!”


 “Fang Yuan, this...” Shen Shang’s eyeballs were almost going to pop out.


 Qi Sea Ancestor stopped beside Fang Yuan’s main body, showing a strange expression as well.


 Everyone knew that in this situation with two unrivaled venerables, Paradise Earth was their only hope of resisting them. But the one who killed this hope was not the two venerables, but Fang Yuan himself!


 Was Fang Yuan crazy?


 He actually did something like this!


 It was too absurd.


 “Something’s not right.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable muttered to himself.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned slightly as well but did not speak.


 The two venerables saw that Fang Yuan was keeping away Paradise Earth’s corpse into sovereign immortal aperture so calmly, they sensed a slight change in the atmosphere.


 “Fang Yuan, how are we going to get out of this?” Shen Shang asked anxiously.


 “Without Lord Paradise Earth, how can we resist the two venerables?!” Lu Wei Yin was stomping his feet and staring at Fang Yuan angrily.


 Fang Yuan smiled plainly: “It is simple, wouldn’t it be fine if I am a venerable?”


 Saying so, he no longer concealed his aura, exposing it at this moment.


 Rank nine cultivation level!


 At once, the entire battlefield went silent.


 “Mere tricks.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, starlight flowed like water as it surged towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan breathed out lightly, a qi tide poured out and blocked all the starlight.


 At the other end, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also tried to probe, golden needles shot down like a torrential rain.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand, red aurora filled the sky, incinerating all of the golden needles.


 The pupils of the two venerables shrank.


 Lu Wei Yin, Shen Shang, and even Fang Yuan’s clone, Qi Sea Ancestor, were tongue-tied.


 Even against the attacks of the two venerables, Fang Yuan blocked them perfectly, he displayed genuine rank nine cultivation level!


 Did he really become a venerable?!



***
Chapter 2211 - Fang Yuan Becomes Venerable!


***





 



 Rumble...


 Fang Yuan’s killer moves shot out, forcing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to retreat.


 “What in the world is going on?”


 “Since when did Fang Yuan become a venerable?!”


 Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang watched as Fang Yuan fought the two venerables, they had complex emotions and asked Qi Sea Ancestor urgently.


 Qi Sea Ancestor was also confused, he smiled bitterly: “I had no clue either.”


 Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang were speechless, Fang Yuan had hid this so deeply that he even deceived his own clone!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable remained silent.


 Because they found that Fang Yuan’s strength had vaguely surpassed either of them!


 He was still a rank eight pseudo venerable earlier, how did he turn into a genuine rank nine so suddenly?!


 The two venerables were very confused and suspicious.


 “Strange, strange, very strange!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked fiercely, golden light rained down with imposing might.


 Fang Yuan responded with a shout, his prepared method was activated, forcefully suppressing the overwhelming golden light.


 “The dao marks on his body far surpass Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!” Seeing this, Lu Wei Yin and the rest felt their hearts jumping.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took in a deep breath of cold air secretly, he focused his eyes and activated a method.


 At the next moment, his vision changed, he started to observe the luck above Fang Yuan’s head.


 Initially, Fang Yuan’s luck was completely hidden, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could only see Cooking Luck Pot.


 But soon, after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable intensified the force of this move and golden blood flowed out of his eyes, he finally got through Cooking Luck Pot’s defense and saw Fang Yuan’s true luck.


 He saw a silver pillar of light that connected heaven and earth, it was grand and condensed.


 At the base of the silvery pillar, there was a brown grave, it had mostly dissipated now, only a small part was left.


 Seeing this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a thought, he sighed to himself: “This is Paradise Earth’s luck, on one hand, it can stabilize the foundation of the silver light pillar, but on the other hand, it is also digging away and replacing Fang Yuan’s foundation. It was the biggest threat to Fang Yuan’s luck initially, now that he killed Paradise Earth, this threat has been removed! This remaining part of the grave is the foundation of Paradise Earth that Fang Yuan has yet to devour completely.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable raised his head again, looking at the top of the silver light pillar.


 Earlier when they joined forces, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had observed Fang Yuan’s luck. Compared to then, Fang Yuan’s silver light pillar was no longer blocked by three clouds at the top.


 It shot right through them, truly looking like it was holding up the heavens and supporting the earth!


 The three clouds could only revolve around the top part of the silver pillar.


 This meant that the three venerables could no longer hold Fang Yuan down.


 Among the three clouds, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s cloud had turned into a golden-blood colored cloud, it was at the top. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s clouds were below his, they seemed to have the trend of tearing apart.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was moved again: “Is this hinting that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is quickly breaking free from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control?”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was not surprised.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was someone on the same level as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, it was already an incredibly shocking achievement that she could control him. But it was unrealistic to try fully controlling a venerable.


 “If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable escapes from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s control later, what will happen?”


 “No matter what, in terms of luck alone, Fang Yuan has truly become a venerable!”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable believed in his own luck path methods, he was finally convinced at this moment.


 At this time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable looked towards Fang Yuan with some rage in his eyes.


 How did Fang Yuan become a venerable in the blink of an eye?


 Looking at his expression and attitude, it seemed like he held indifference towards rank nine cultivation level, what did he take this venerable status as?


 If rank nine venerables could appear so easily, then what would Giant Sun Immortal Venerable amount to?


 What would the past venerables amount to?


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was also considering rapidly: “Fang Yuan has rank nine cultivation level indeed. I underestimated his craftiness and shrewdness! When did he become a venerable? Did he have this cultivation level from the start? All the signs do not point to that possibility. He had secretly become a venerable during a certain moment in the Crazed Demon Cave battle. But... he clearly lacked attainment level.”


 In the contest in Primordial Domain, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable ganged up on Fang Yuan and destroyed the refinement path portion of the Primordial Domain.


 “Wait!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly turned his head, retreating as he looked at Fang Yuan, asking: “Did the Thieving Heaven true inheritance contain refinement path true meaning? So you had the necessary refinement path attainment level long ago.”


 Fang Yuan smiled, but his attacks became even fiercer.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was sent flying by consecutive attacks.


 Using this timing, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable shot out countless flying stars that flew like lightning, landing on Fang Yuan’s back one after another.


 Fang Yuan staggered from the hit, he almost lost his balance and fell forward.


 But immediately after, he straightened his back and wiped it with his hand.


 Starlight specks were shining intensely on his back, they were the dao marks left behind by the flying stars.


 But after Fang Yuan wiped them, all of these dao marks were refined into his own!


 The power of rank nine refinement path!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s heart jumped.


 It was terrible to her that Fang Yuan had such a method. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s combat system did not excel in powerful individual offensive methods, she mainly relied on consecutive hits. And the key to these consecutive hits were the dao marks that the flying stars left behind.


 With these dao marks, the following flying stars would be able to deal increasingly greater damage to the enemy.


 But Fang Yuan refined these dao marks into his own, the flying star consecutive move was easily broken.


 If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable continued to use this move, she would not be fighting Fang Yuan but funding him instead!


 Fang Yuan easily got rid of the flying star consecutive move and launched his own counterattack.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not deal with him head on, she had to temporarily retreat.


 “He is very proficient with this refinement path killer move, it shows that Fang Yuan came prepared. But he held back the entire time, waiting for the final moment of this Crazed Demon Cave fight and after he became rank nine to utilize this trump card!”


 At this moment, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finally understood the true extent of Fang Yuan’s craftiness.


 The killer move was prepared long ago, otherwise, it could not be used so quickly after Fang Yuan became rank nine. If he used it earlier, the effect would be great too, but he refused to activate it, causing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to assume that he was helpless against the flying star killer move.


 At the final battle, he used it and caught Star Constellation Immortal Venerable off guard immediately.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suddenly had a flash of inspiration, she realized a portion of the truth at this moment as she spoke: “Fang Yuan, well done, you purposely did that during the Primordial Domain contest. You purposely held back and gave up on competing for Primordial Domain, thus Giant Sun and I destroyed the refinement path part of the Primordial Domain. You were purposely pretending to be weak so that we would look down on and put less attention on you!”


 Hearing these words, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s heart lit up, he could not help but feel more anger towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan remained smiling as he said plainly: “Star Constellation, you are thinking too highly of me.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled coldly: “Fang Yuan, don’t think of deceiving us anymore. Regardless of whether Thieving Heaven’s true inheritance had refinement path true meaning, before you entered Primordial Domain, you were already extremely close to supreme grandmaster attainment level. After entering Primordial Domain, you realized that even if you gave up a portion of the refinement path Primordial Domain, you could still become a refinement path supreme grandmaster by yourself.”


 “Thus, you purposely held back and let Giant Sun and I seemingly ruin your chances of becoming a venerable.”


 “There were many benefits in this.”


 “Firstly, becoming a venerable would mean breaking through the Heavenly Dao blockade, you would need to undergo tribulation and it carries many risks, you have to find the right timing to do so. Once you become a supreme grandmaster openly, we would be on guard against you.”


 “Secondly, even if you became a venerable quickly, before the three worlds united, Limitless’ eternal life result was still far away from us, everyone needed to wait. Furthermore, because of Limitless’ retaliation, even if you became a venerable, you could not use your strength.”


 “Thirdly, if you were not a venerable, we would subconsciously ignore you. In our minds, even if Paradise Earth was just a pseudo venerable, he was still more threatening than you.”


 “Finally, everyone was holding back during the Crazed Demon Cave battle, a lot of trump cards were not revealed. For example, you did not know how much I had infiltrated the Crazed Demon formation. Thus, you concealed your methods and waited for the situation to become clearer, after we went through our methods, before trying to claim victory!”


 While defending against Fang Yuan’s attacks, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable analyzed and exposed Fang Yuan’s schemes to everyone.


 Be they Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, they did not want a third venerable contesting with them.


 Paradise Earth was the best example.


 He was trying to become a venerable under the attention of the two venerables, in the end, he got heavily injured because of them.


 As Giant Sun Immortal Venerable listened to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s explanation, his mind became increasingly clear.


 With a loud howling sound, he stepped on a giant golden aurora and charged at Fang Yuan.


 At the same time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also pincer attacked Fang Yuan from another direction.



***
Chapter 2212 - Refine Gu, Refine Human, and Refine Heaven!!


***





 Chapter 2212: Refine Gu, Refine Human, and Refine Heaven!! 

 Seeing the fierce attacks of the enemies, Fang Yuan quickly dodged for the time being.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable pursued relentlessly as he shouted: “Back then, when I fought my way into the Door of Life and Death, I wanted to probe Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s trump card and learn of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s current condition. But you also went inside, it was truly a great scheme! If you remained in the outside world, you would need to deal with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, who went out. But if you followed me, you would be able to see the strength of Heavenly Court and my Longevity Heaven.”


 At that time, because of Heavenly Court’s arrangements, the Door of Life and Death was tightly connected to the immortal graveyard, it could not be destroyed forcefully in a short period of time.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable secretly inspected their lucks, after learning of this peculiar change in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s lucks, he wanted to find out the reason. If possible, he wanted to ruin this ‘intimate relationship’ between them.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable knew that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had hidden cards too, but he went inside the Door of Life and Death regardless.


 Because he had his own trump cards.


 When he used the blood path method to revive, no matter how severe his injuries got, he would be fully healed.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been trying to make the best use of this trump card, he tried all ways possible to probe more of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s methods.


 From Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s perspective, this was the first time he was fighting against a venerable.


 Venerables had immense foundation, he needed to probe carefully.


 To destroy the immortal graveyard, he had to target the Door of Life and Death. By going inside, he could inspect if there was really a relationship between Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. If possible, he would destroy that connection and save Spectral Soul Demon Venerable before working together. Or if possible, he could even try to take the Door of Life and Death for himself!


 With all these intentions, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable managed to find out Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s method involving emotions on this trip.


 When Star Constellation Immortal Venerable left the Door of Life and Death, did Giant Sun Immortal Venerable really not have any way of stopping her?


 That was not the case.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was happy to see Star Constellation Immortal Venerable leave.


 Firstly, the eternal life result still needed some time to nurture, he had already left behind his investigative method in the Crazed Demon formation, that was Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 Secondly, three parties were contesting in Crazed Demon Cave then, other than Green Lotus Great World’s Heavenly Court, and Savage Wilderness Great World’s Longevity Heaven, there was also Yellow Earth Great World’s Paradise Earth.


 In the end, through this contest, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable forced Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable to revive prematurely, causing him to only have pseudo venerable cultivation level.


 When Paradise Earth went into the Door of Life and Death, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not use his biggest trump card before leaving. Even though he did not save Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he managed to ally with Paradise Earth.


 Boom!


 As Fang Yuan retaliated, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s killer move was broken, he was forced back again.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable yelled: “Fang Yuan, I am sure you wanted to see Paradise Earth’s premature resurrection as well. Such great acting, truly great acting skills! After leaving the Door of Life and Death, I was hit by Qin Ding Ling’s method and fell into a disadvantage. I needed you to take action but you were trapped by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. That was your intentional excuse! You purposely made the Qi Sea clone activate Hu elevation, that way, the Qi Sea clone would be restrained again, while Zhan Bu Du was unable to get away. You managed to watch openly as our two sides fought and expended each other’s strength!”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable said while gritting his teeth.


 Back then, he still had an immortal zombie body, he was suppressed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and schemed against by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, his combat system’s foundation was uprooted. Even though the situation was dangerous, Giant Sun was not flustered.


 Because he still had the greatest trump card unused!


 Giant Sun held back and waited because he wanted to see the trump cards of these other people.


 In the end, Paradise Earth made his move.


 Paradise Earth did not attack Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, instead, he tried to help Giant Sun, after failing, he immediately saved Fang Yuan.


 This showed that Paradise Earth’s intentions were not simple either.


 However, after Fang Yuan was ‘saved’, he still refused to help out Giant Sun, instead, he went to kill the unimportant Qin Ding Ling.


 This way, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had no choice but to use his blood path trump card, reviving completely.


 Fang Yuan succeeded in killing Qin Ding Ling, but how could he deceive Giant Sun Immortal Venerable with such superficial actions.


 Giant Sun was very clear of it in his heart, since he exposed his true strength, he immediately changed his position and joined up with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to deal with Fang Yuan.


 Because of this, Fang Yuan was attacked by two venerables, he had to expend Reverse Flow River, but still got hit in the end, his immortal aperture suffered calamities and tribulations.


 “Wait!” Thinking of this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable realized and called out: “During that time, you used the opportunity of your immortal aperture getting hit to obscure the aura and use the chance to break through the Heavenly Dao blockade, by stacking tribulation with tribulation, you deceived everyone and got past the final tribulation, becoming a venerable!”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable finally understood everything.


 Back then, he thought that he had succeeded when he inspected Fang Yuan’s falling luck and the aura of calamities and tribulations in his aperture. But to think that Fang Yuan was making use of this to secretly tackle the Heavenly Dao blockade and break through an even stronger tribulation.


 With just Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s method, he could definitely not create black fire in Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 The black fire was the remnant product of the chaotic disaster.


 Fang Yuan did not speak, he attacked fiercely, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable resisted with difficulty.


 He stared at Fang Yuan and continued to speak: “Through that method, you became a venerable without anyone noticing. I originally thought that you were not skilled in aura concealment methods, but to think that your attainment in this aspect is shocking, you have been concealing your aura the entire time! You actually deceived me, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and wait, even Paradise Earth was deceived!”


 Fang Yuan was the greatest liar, he lied until the very end. All of these venerables were toyed around by him!


 Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang looked at each other, feeling the shock in each other’s hearts.


 The fight between the venerables was getting more intense, they started using their full strength, causing the rest to be pushed away to the boundaries of the void, along with the Qi Sea clone.


 Looking at Fang Yuan who was holding the upper hand, Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang had complex emotions.


 On one hand, they were shocked and in admiration that Fang Yuan broke through successfully to become a venerable, he was even suppressing two noble existences who were famous in history. But on the other hand, Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang were furious.


 They had a close connection to Paradise Earth, while a large part of his death was attributed to Fang Yuan’s scheme.


 In the end, Paradise Earth had no choice but to expose his great secret — he could absorb truthful floating ice to raise his cultivation level!


 Fang Yuan purposely made a transaction with Paradise Earth and shouted so loudly, triggering the two venerables to use their full strength on him.


 In the end, the attacks of the two venerables helped out Fang Yuan, he managed to kill Paradise Earth.


 Crafty, scheming, evil!


 Such words revolved around the hearts of Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang, they could not help but describe Fang Yuan as such.


 Rumble...


 As the golden light faded and starlight dimmed, Fang Yuan was incredibly domineering, his aura was surging like a rising tiger over ten thousand li.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were feeling bitter internally.


 After so long, they had already expended many of their trump cards in combat. Their injuries were still lingering, there was simply no time to heal them.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan had been staying low-profile and hiding his strength, his schemes were simply too deep.


 Boom!


 The three venerables clashed again.


 Fang Yuan held the upper hand once more.


 The two venerables were forced back, they spat out blood together, their injuries becoming more severe.


 Fang Yuan wore a snow-white robe, his hair was long and fluttering, he dominated the battlefield, with his aura surmounting mountains and rivers.


 He firmly grasped the upper hand as he suddenly recited —


 In my youth I knew the hardships of the world,


 Yet I still aspired to soar above the clouds.


 A journey of cold winds and uncertainty, A lone traveler experiences a life of ups and downs.


 A heart of steel forged from countless setbacks, A lifetime of effort to forge one sword.


 Today my sword aims beyond the clouds,


 Refine Gu! Refine Human! Refine Heaven!!


 Fang Yuan’s attacks were like a surging tide, enveloping all the surrounding battlefield, approaching from all directions of the world.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not resist them, they retreated time and time again.


 Fang Yuan grabbed with his hand, the final truthful floating ice went towards him.


 “Don’t think about it!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, she had to toss out the Door of Life and Death at the final crucial moment.


 The Door of Life and Death erupted with an immense suction force, while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable attacked at the same time, his killer move landing on Fang Yuan.


 In order to take the truthful floating ice, Fang Yuan exposed a weakness and was sent into the Door of Life and Death by the two venerables.


 “Our tactic succeeded!” The two venerables looked at each other, having expressions of joy flashing at the same time.


 But at the next moment...


 Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and Reverse Flow River!


 A killer move with all three secluded domains of heaven and earth as the cores was activated by Fang Yuan.


 A road of life was suddenly formed, extending out of the Door of Life and Death.


 Fang Yuan instantly returned to the battlefield, leaving Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who was extremely furious and agitated behind in the Door of Life and Death.


 The two venerables stared with wide eyes!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyelids were twitching intensely, this was the move that he wanted Fang Yuan to conceptualize when he was trapped in the Door of Life and Death. Fang Yuan kept delaying it and showed an expression of helplessness, eventually failing in his deduction. But now, seeing that Fang Yuan was using it so proficiently, it was clear that he had already practiced it many times.


 Before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan already had this killer move!


 But he still used Dang Hun Luo Po Seal to make an excuse for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and the rest.


 Seeing that the Door of Life and Death could not trap Fang Yuan, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable let out a soft sigh.


 At the next moment, the Door of Life and Death opened, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable flew out immediately!


 He was still in an agitated state, his mind was not clear, he did not attack Star Constellation Immortal Venerable but furiously targeted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Fang Yuan.


 Using this chance, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to snatch the truthful floating ice.


 The scene became very chaotic.


 Immortal killer move — Dang Hun Luo Po Seal!


 With one attack by Fang Yuan, a thousand of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s arms severed.


 After Fang Yuan became venerable and passed the black fire tribulation, his dao marks had already exceeded Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 Fang Yuan roared and made a push, eventually taking that final truthful floating ice for himself.


 “Star Constellation, I’ve already done my best.” From within Spectral Soul’s belly, Verdant Great Sun’s voice could be heard sighing.


 Next, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s expression changed, becoming blank.


 His roaring and emotions of hatred vanished, he ignored Fang Yuan and Giant Sun as he charged towards the hole expressionlessly.


 Bam.


 With a loud sound, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had actually used his own body to block the hole of the world boundary.


 The immortals were shocked, the entire scene became silent again.



***
Chapter 2213 - Chu Du Versus Hei Lou Lan


***





 Chapter 2213: Chu Du Versus Hei Lou Lan 

 This was a nameless grassland, the ground was dry and desolate, there was barely any vegetation except yellowish wilting wild grass.


 The sky was gray and hazy, no sunlight could be seen.


 A cold and dark wind blew on the faces of the immortals.


 At this ordinary location, tens of Gu Immortals were gathered!


 All of their attention was placed on two people.


 The male immortal wore a yellowish brown leather robe unique to Northern Plains, he had a red and thick leather belt, as well as pitch-black leather shoes.


 The loose robe could not conceal his muscular body, while his face was nothing extraordinary, he looked very plain.


 But nobody present could ignore him despite that.


 Because his name was Chu Du.


 The Domination Immortal!


 And opposing him, there was a female immortal.


 The female immortal wore a half-mask covering her nose, mouth and cheeks, only revealing the upper half of her face, which showed her strong contours, sharp and long brows, bright eyes and a bold aura.


 She was Fairy Black Moon, a powerful expert who challenged countless people and had never suffered a loss since her rise in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world!


 As for her true identity as Hei Lou Lan, few Gu Immortals knew.


 Not long ago, Hei Lou Lan defeated one of the most prominent members of Liu tribe, rank seven Gu Immortal expert Liu Chang. She challenged Chu Du thereafter.


 Chu Du did not back down, he directly agreed.


 Once news of this battle was spread, the tension of Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals rose, they paid huge attention to it.


 Right now, the time for the two immortals’ fight had arrived.


 “Chu Du, you have finally arrived.” Battle intent surged in Hei Lou Lan’s eyes, blazing like flames.


 “The contest of strength path, I have been looking forward to this.” Chu Du replied happily: “Regardless of the outcome today, fairy, I would like to invite you to my Chu tribe as a guest, we can exchange our experiences in cultivating strength path.”


 Hei Lou Lan snorted coldly: “Chu Du, I’ve heard of your great name since long ago. But if you want to exchange pointers, we will have to see if you are qualified.”


 Chu Du smiled: “Please have the first move.”


 Hei Lou Lan did not stand on ceremony, her body flew out like lightning, rising up and flying towards the upper clouds.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Waves of human figures descended from the clouds, crashing towards Chu Du like meteors.


 Chu Du raised his head and immediately retreated upon seeing this.


 He was very fast, after pulling some distance, he used his killer move as he pushed with both palms.


 Boom...


 A surge of great strength burst out, air currents were generated, Hei Lou Lan’s strength path phantoms shattered like bursting bubbles against this powerful attack.


 Chu Du pushed with his palms again, clearing out the dark clouds in the sky, exposing the clear skies and radiant sunlight.


 Hei Lou Lan, who had hidden herself in the cloud layer was also exposed as a result. 

 Hei Lou Lan had a serious expression, after the concealment of the dark clouds, her killer move was already prepared.


 At the next moment, her hands clenched into fists, raising them above her head before slamming them down towards Chu Du’s direction.


 With a thunderous sound, air was squeezed and distorted as the fist shadows instantly arrived in front of Chu Du.


 Chu Du raised both arms, blocking the attack.


 Bam.


 There was a loud collision as he was forced back by a hundred steps.


 But soon, he stopped in the air, shrugging his shoulders, a layer of dust fell from his sleeves.


 He was completely unharmed!


 Hei Lou Lan was not surprised at all, she continued to rain down a flurry of unceasing attacks.


 Chu Du blocked her attacks time and time again while retaliating in response.


 Both sides were separated by some distance, they attacked with long-ranged methods that caused incredible commotions.


 The observing immortals were all staring at the two of them with fixed gazes.


 “So exciting, to think that strength path Gu Immortals would have so many outstanding long-ranged methods.”


 “Currently, it seems that Fairy Black Moon and Chu Du are evenly matched.”


 “Hmph, now is too early to make that conclusion,” Chou Lao Wu snorted coldly, “Strength path Gu Immortals are strongest at close combat, they are still using long-ranged methods to probe each other now.”


 Chu Du was firm as a mountain while Hei Lou Lan displayed many outstanding long-ranged methods, after more than ten rounds of combat, the two sides suddenly charged and clashed in the center.


 With that loud sound, all of the immortals jolted.


 “They are fighting seriously now!”


 “This is an extremely rare contest of strength path!”


 “Whoever wins this will be the number one strength path cultivator in the current world.”


 In the current five regions, there were very few strength path Gu Immortals.


 After all, strength path had been declining for a long time, far beyond half a century worth of degradation.


 Before Hei Lou Lan appeared, Chu Du was publicly recognized as a strength path expert in the five regions, he had quite the reputation. With the sudden appearance of Hei Lou Lan, most Gu Immortals were shocked by her path. To think that another anomaly would arise in strength path!


 Under everyone’s gaze, the two continued to rain down punches and kicks at each other, it was an intense fight.


 Attacks and defenses were unleashed and put up continually, each move had an incredible amount of strength in them.


 Be they Chu Du or Hei Lou Lan, neither had the intention to retreat, they fought strength with strength, ferocity with ferocity!


 The battle between strength path Gu Immortals could be said to be plain and simple, it was not as glamorous as other paths. But in the hearts of many Gu Immortals present, a chill started to form.


 “Even though strength path is declining, strength path Gu Immortals are not to be underestimated.”


 “If I had to fight against either Chu Du or Fairy Black Moon, the outcome would be disastrous!”


 Each attack by Chu Du or Hei Lou Lan would cause a thunderous sound that twisted and distorted the air, air currents surged as wind continued to form from their impacts.


 Compared to long-ranged methods, strength path excelled more at close combat.


 A Gu Immortal with superb cultivation in strength path would be threatening in their every punch and kick.


 Their advantage in close combat was regarding the aspect of attack frequency.


 Hei Lou Lan and Chu Du fought quicker and quicker, the observing Gu Immortals tried to imagine themselves as either party and felt cold sweat pouring down their foreheads.


 “In the future, if I meet any strength path Gu Immortal, I must not let them get close to me!”


 “The punches and kicks are unleashed too frequently, there is no time to prepare killer moves in such a fight. Without killer moves, how can anyone defend against such intense attacks?”


 More than ten rounds passed again.


 Chu Du gradually gained the upper hand.


 Even though Hei Lou Lan was strong and had many methods, her combat experience still paled in comparison to Chu Du.


 Her cultivation time was far less than Chu Du.


 Chu Du accumulated his advantage through his immensely rich combat experience. After adding up all these advantages, he started to suppress Hei Lou Lan.


 Chen Cheng, Yin Wu Que, and the rest had grim expressions.


 “This cannot go on, I need to take a risk!” Hei Lou Lan’s gaze turned sharp as a blade, flashing for an instant.


 She knew that if she did not change her fighting style now, if this went on, she would definitely lose.


 At the next moment, Hei Lou Lan shouted loudly as she rained punches and kicks on Chu Du with rapid intensity.


 Chu Du was like a reef by the sea, no matter how intense the waves were, he remained motionless.


 Hei Lou Lan was not surprised, while Chu Du defended himself, she quickly moved back and started preparing her killer move.


 Chu Du smiled as he quickly approached her!


 “Oh no!” Chen Cheng saw this and gasped aloud.


 The observing Gu Immortals saw this and knew that Chu Du had waited for this opportunity for some time.


 Chu Du erupted with shocking speed, rapidly getting closer to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan had no choice but to helplessly stop her killer move activation, she fought against Chu Du with punches and kicks, blocking the other party’s unceasing attacks.


 But because of this, by stopping her killer move midway, the activation failure caused a backlash that caused severe internal injuries to Hei Lou Lan.


 Chu Du created a battle opportunity, he made great use of it and fought against Hei Lou Lan until she could only defend herself.


 Chu Du had the complete advantage now!


 A wave of cheers erupted.


 These voices came from Chu Du’s god-children as well as the supreme elders of Chu tribe.


 “Hmph, don’t rejoice too early.”


 “Fairy Black Moon has not used her trump card yet!”


 Hei Lou Lan’s supporters had grim expressions, they rebuked.


 Totem killer move — Dark Capital Strength Biao[1]!


 At the next moment, Hei Lou Lan’s body shook.


 A tiger roared, its huge black claws sent Chu Du flying.


 The giant black tiger flapped its wings and vanished on the spot, appearing behind Chu Du.


 Chu Du quickly defended himself, even though he blocked the dark capital strength biao’s attack again, his body was still sent flying like a cannonball, crashing towards the ground from the force created.


 “It’s here! Fairy Black Moon’s signature method — Dark Capital Strength Biao!” Someone shouted in excitement.


 Chou Lao Wu had a cold expression, this was the first time he saw it: “This totem killer move is too convenient. It can stay dormant on the skin during normal times and be activated with a single thought when needed.”


 “Indeed.” Hao Zhen gritted his teeth, “If not for this move, our first supreme elder would have obtained victory already.”


 [1] Tiger with wings.



***
Chapter 2214 - You Have Won This Battle


***





 Chapter 2214: You Have Won This Battle 

 The dark capital strength biao was incredibly fast, it was hard to deal with in the first place.


 More importantly, after Hei Lou Lan stabilized her position, she quickly used a healing method on herself before joining the fight again.


 She had great coordination with the dark capital strength biao, they attacked from the left and right, firmly suppressing Chu Du.


 Chu Du was in a pitiful state, many areas of his robe were torn, showing that his defenses were no longer holding up.


 Blood soon appeared on his lips, his injuries were slowly accumulating.


 Chu tribe’s Gu Immortals had grim expression, in the current situation, they could not see hope of Chu Du turning this around.


 The dark capital strength biao gave Hei Lou Lan too great of an advantage!


 “You will lose!” Hei Lou Lan shouted with momentum, unleashing her killer move, eight directional strength fight.


 Chu Du was surrounded by countless figures, he could not break out for the time being.


 Suddenly, a shadow casted down from above him, it was the dark capital strength biao!


 It opened its mouth to bite at Chu Du. If this bite connected, Chu Du would be heavily injured, if not dead.


 At the moment of crisis, Chu Du laughed loudly instead: “Finally caught you!”


 At the next moment, strength path giant hand appeared and grabbed forcefully.


 The dark capital strength biao was caught unguarded and growled loudly, it wanted to struggle.


 But after only one breath of time, the strength path giant hand firmly held onto it and slammed it to the ground.


 Boom!


 There was a loud sound as the ground shook, rocks were sent flying and dust clouds rose.


 Immortal killer move — Battle Strength Transpiration!


 Chu Du suddenly erupted with an intense aura as his body expanded to the size of a ten meter giant.


 His entire body turned red, all of the pores on his body opened up, as his sweat turned into steam, surrounding his body.


 Immortal killer move — Heaven and Earth Combined Strength!


 Chu Du straightened both arms before clapping them together in front of his chest.


 At the next moment, the immortals gasped, Hei Lou Lan’s expression changed.


 The surrounding thousand li were enveloped by a formless force, the Gu Immortals were restrained and unable to move easily, they felt like bugs that had fallen into oil.


 Affected by this killer move, the speed of the dark capital strength biao fell drastically, its threat towards Chu Du also plunged to rock bottom.


 “This is a quasi-battlefield killer move!” Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth, Chu Du’s move was amazing and beyond her expectations.


 “I did not want to use this.” Hei Lou Lan snorted internally, activating the expend strength Immortal Gu in her immortal aperture.


 This rank seven Immortal Gu was lent to her by Longevity Heaven secretly, other than that, there was also a killer move that used expend strength Immortal Gu as the core, it was called seventy-percent expended strength.


 At the crucial moment, Hei Lou Lan immediately activated this move.


 This move’s preparation had no aura and was stealthy, only when it was used, it unleashed an overwhelmingly extraordinary burst of aura.


 Chu Du quickly tried to dodge but he did not succeed.


 After getting hit by this move, every action or killer move of his took much more effort to complete, by at least more than fifty percent.


 While Chu Du’s condition fell, Hei Lou Lan unleashed a flurry of attacks again.


 The battle was in a heated stage, both sides were stuck in a deadlock.


 The observing immortals retreated at once, they left the range of heaven and earth combined strength, becoming more at ease as they continued to watch the battle.


 “Regardless of this battle’s result, these two are peak characters among Northern Plains’ rank seven experts!”


 “Such terrifying battle strength, I’m afraid they might be able to challenge rank eight Gu Immortals as well.”


 “Chu Du, Black Moon... they are the support pillars of strength path in the current world, undoubtedly.”


 The Gu Immortals sighed to themselves, at this point in the battle, be they Chu Du or Hei Lou Lan, they had earned the respect and recognition of everyone.


 Such evenly matched opponents made the immortals even more excited to see the eventual winner.


 “Awesome, this is really great.” Chu Du had many bone fractures and his robe was dyed red, but he laughed heartily and expressed his excitement towards this battle.


 Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth and did not speak, she had gotten into a disadvantage once again.


 The reason was still the difference in combat experience.


 Chu Du was superior to Hei Lou Lan in every tiny detail. As they accumulated,they eventually affected the entire battle.


 Hei Lou Lan tried all ways to regain her footing but the more she fought, the more tiny weaknesses she exposed, giving Chu Du even more opportunities to take advantage of.


 “He was clearly hit by my seventy-percent expended strength, how can he still have such stamina?” Seeing that Chu Du was not getting tired, Hei Lou Lan could not help but feel a bit shocked.


 Chu Du had outstanding strength, even though Hei Lou Lan was using her full strength, she could not take down Chu Du.


 Currently, she could only hope that the effect of seventy-percent expended strength would tire Chu Du out.


 But another ten or so rounds passed.


 Before Chu Du even got tired, Hei Lou Lan was already completely at a disadvantage, the situation was dangerous!


 Hei Lou Lan gritted her teeth secretly, she was not willing to fail. In this situation, she could only take a risk and try.


 At the next moment, the dark capital strength biao growled and jumped towards Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan advanced instead of moving aside, entering the dark capital strength biao’s body in mid air.


 With a flash of dark light, the dark capital strength biao shrank in size, turning into a half-beast half-man form, it became a layer of armor on Hei Lou Lan’s body, it seemed like smoke or an illusion.


 This was a higher level use of a totem killer move!


 When the Gu Immortal combined with the totem, their battle strength would surge immensely!


 “Chu Du, time to go down!” Hei Lou Lan shouted, the biao wings flapped, she instantly arrived before Chu Du.


 Chu Du raised his arms.


 Hei Lou Lan’s iron fists landed on his arms, the huge force erupted like resounding thunder, the surrounding air was forced aside as Chu Du flew out uncontrollably towards the ground.


 But Chu Du landed with both feet on the ground, creating a huge and long trench behind him. While he was still retreating, Hei Lou Lan suddenly appeared above him.


 Boom!


 There was another attack as Hei Lou Lan sent Chu Du flying to the ground again.


 Bam bam bam...


 Hei Lou Lan floated in the air, raining down fist shadows incessantly.


 The ground shook as smoke appeared, her terrifying strength caused the spectators to turn pale.


 “Lord Chu Du!”


 “Godfather!!”


 Chu tribe’s Gu Immortals shouted loudly in worry.


 Hei Lou Lan was too powerful now, she was almost dominating the scene, Chu Du had no way of retaliating.


 “Enough... stop now, Black Moon.” From the pit, Chu Du’s voice could be heard as he spoke with difficulty.


 But Hei Lou Lan did not listen to him, she continued to punch endlessly.


 “Is Chu Du admitting defeat?” Wu Guang was excited as he spoke.


 “Something is not right! Master seems to be in a weird state.” Chen Cheng’s expression changed.


 Hearing this, everyone realized that Hei Lou Lan’s gaze was like a wild beast, she seemed to have lost her reasoning, she could only control this killer move through her instincts to slaughter.


 Chu tribe’s Gu Immortals were all happy now.


 “There is still hope!”


 “Great. As long as first supreme elder gets through this, he will win!”


 “This killer move is too powerful. If Fairy Black Moon’s killer move activation fails, she might face a backlash and even lose her life.”


 But right at this moment, a figure flew out.


 It was Chu Du!


 But what Chu Du did next was out of everyone’s expectations.


 He had forcefully endured the rampaging attacks, disregarding his own life to approach Hei Lou Lan and place his arm on her shoulder.


 A huge vibration force was emitted, Hei Lou Lan and the dark capital strength biao were separated.


 Hei Lou Lan regained her senses and her pupils shrank immediately.


 She was shocked to find out that her left fist had penetrated the right side of Chu Du’s chest! But Chu Du used a method to save her and prevent her from suffering the immense backlash from her killer move.


 “Why?” At once, Hei Lou Lan fell into deep confusion and disbelief.


 But right at this moment, the dark capital strength biao’s ferocity did not lower, it appeared behind Chu Du and bit harshly.


 “Stop!” Hei Lou Lan shouted internally and willed to try to stop the dark capital strength biao.


 In this situation, if Chu Du was hit by it, he would definitely die!


 But the dark capital strength biao was not under Hei Lou Lan’s control, it was incredibly fierce.


 Right when Hei Lou Lan thought Chu Du was about to die, a surge of aura burst out of Chu Du’s body.


 His killer move was unleashed, the dark capital strength biao was sent flying from one attack.


 The immortals were shocked!


 “Rank, rank eight cultivation level?!”


 “Chu Du became a rank eight Gu Immortal?”


 “Our first supreme elder is rank eight? When did he advance?!”


 Hei Lou Lan stared with wide eyes and looked fixedly at Chu Du: “Why?”


 While speaking, she retracted her left hand from Chu Du’s chest and placed it on his shoulder.


 A killer move was activated by Hei Lou Lan, it was not an offensive killer move but a healing method instead.


 Chu Du’s expression was pale, he accepted her good intentions as he smiled: “Ever since you started challenging people, I started noticing you, Fairy Black Moon.”


 “Do you know? Even if you did not challenge me, I would issue you a challenge as well!”


 “To have a fair battle!”


 “Because... strength path has been silent for far too long.”


 “Your emergence made me really happy. Continue on this path, Black Moon.”


 “Revitalize strength path and let it shine gloriously again!”


 Chu Du expressed his aspirations.


 Looking at his dazzling eyes, Hei Lou Lan was silent.


 The dark capital strength biao had returned after being repelled by Chu Du.


 But now, Hei Lou Lan regained control of it.


 The dark capital strength biao was heavily damaged, it went back onto Hei Lou Lan’s skin.


 Hei Lou Lan looked at Chu Du deeply before leaving.


 Before departing, she said: “Chu Du, you have won this battle.”


 This battle that caused a commotion in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal ended in Chu Du’s victory, but the exact outcome of this fight was far beyond everyone’s expectations.


 Once Chu Du displayed rank eight cultivation level, he became a higher-up in the Gu Immortal world, be they himself or Chu tribe, their reputation soared!


 And in that intense battle, Chu Du first sealed his own cultivation level to fight against Fairy Black Moon as a rank seven. He then disregarded his own life to save her.


 Such actions caused the neutral Gu Immortals to gain good feelings towards him. Even those who supported Fairy Black Moon like Yin Wu Que, Chen Cheng, and Wu Guang secretly felt admiration towards him.


 After returning to Chu tribe, his god-children suggested to hold a celebratory banquet and invite the immortals, to make use of this result and elevate Chu tribe’s status.


 But Chu Du rejected it without second thought.


 He was very low-profile regarding the result of this battle.


 However, news that he became a rank eight Gu Immortal still caused a huge commotion in Northern Plains’ current situation.


 Days later, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven let out even more surprising news that shook the world.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had revived successfully, while Gu Yue Fang Yuan had become a refinement path Demon Venerable!


 The world was in an uproar, all the immortals were shocked.



***
Chapter 2215 - Heaven Refining Demon Venerable!


***





 Chapter 2215: Heaven Refining Demon Venerable! 

 Fang Yuan returned to Eastern Sea.


 Under the setting sun, the surface of the sea was dyed red. Birds were chirping out loud, a warm sea breeze was blowing.


 This place was some distance away from Eastern Sea’s Xia clan, it was not considered close.


 “This place will do.” Fang Yuan quickly descended, landing on a relatively small deserted island.


 Several investigative killer moves were activated, Fang Yuan had complete control over the island, he did not detect any threats or suspicious matters.


 Fang Yuan directly took out the five regional limit formation.


 Soon, five colored smoke mixed together and enveloped the island, before spreading towards the sky and sea.


 If he were still rank eight, after escaping from Crazed Demon Cave, he would choose the headquarters of Eastern Sea’s Xia clan, or go to immemorial white heaven in secret and hide himself to recuperate.


 But Fang Yuan had rank nine cultivation level now, he was a venerable, he could do things openly without fear.


 If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable came to attack him now, Fang Yuan would be happy to see that happen.


 Fang Yuan slowly shut his eyes as his divine sense peered into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 He had already accumulated several beads of rank nine immortal essence.


 Rank eight immortal essence was known as white litchi immortal essence, rank nine immortal essence was slightly larger and looked like an apricot, it was orange-yellow in color.


 It was yellow apricot immortal essence!


 Fang Yuan was familiar with the appearance of rank nine immortal essence since long ago, because he had obtained Giant Sun’s immortal essence as well as Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s remaining immortal essence.


 But now, he felt some surging emotions internally.


 After all, this was his personal yellow apricot immortal essence!


 Using the yellow apricot immortal essence, Fang Yuan activated a method!


 Refinement path killer move — Refine Self!


 A pale yellow light that was the size of a fist flowed out from the area near Fang Yuan’s stomach. The yellow light flowed slowly around his entire body.


 The emphasis was on Fang Yuan’s injuries.


 Fang Yuan had over a hundred injuries, most of them were only dealt with superficially while he was on the way back.


 Even now, many of the wounds were still bleeding and covered in golden light or starlight specks, they were lingering on his bones, or his mashed up flesh.


 As the pale yellow light appeared, all of the starlight and golden aurora was cleansed. This meant that the dao marks that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left on Fang Yuan’s body were all refined by him.


 But the process of refinement was not comfortable, an intense pain could be felt.


 Fang Yuan’s body was shivering, his expression turned pale, soon, sweat covered his forehead.


 Eventually, the pale yellow light lingered on the area of Fang Yuan’s detached arm. After an hour, the light faded away.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of air, he finally relaxed.


 After resting for a moment, he immediately used a compound killer move, man as before.


 At the next moment, his injuries were fully healed, his arm was also fully restored.


 But when Fang Yuan exerted strength using that arm, he still felt a sense of weakness from it.


 But this was already satisfactory to him.


 Fang Yuan had severe injuries but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were also no better.


 He was almost certain that their efficiency at healing injuries was lower than him.


 Because Fang Yuan had the killer move refine self, this killer move could refine all of the dao marks on the Gu cultivator’s body into their own. The origin of this move was the killer move that Fang Yuan once used, self cleansing.


 Using this, in the battle of Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan refined all of the dao marks of the flying star killer move, countering Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s consecutive move.


 His physical injuries were healed, while his soul was at its peak condition, Fang Yuan started to resolve the matter of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had a tribulation earlier because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s killer move. At almost the same time, because of Fang Yuan’s secret manipulation, he challenged the Heavenly Dao and endured the chaotic disaster.


 The entire sovereign immortal aperture suffered huge losses, its foundation had fallen, compared to before the Crazed Demon Cave expedition, it had about twenty percent remaining.


 It was simply in tatters, this was a pitiful sight.


 “But I predicted that this would happen before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, I prepared for it!”


 Fang Yuan focused his mind, thoughts were expended, he activated another compound killer move — Landscape as Before.


 The year essence pools and the sub-pools in various areas of the sovereign immortal aperture all opened their dams now.


 The accumulated water of the River of Time formed into a vast silhouette under the effect of landscape as before, sweeping through the mini five regions as well as all the mini nine heavens.


 The silhouette of the water of the River of Time soon receded entirely, but what remained were various resource points of mountains and rivers that were completely restored.


 The Gu Immortals in the sovereign immortal aperture saw this sight and cheered loudly, their morale surged.


 Fang Yuan lightly let out a breath of air.


 Back then, when he created the year essence sub-pools and created time path areas, he had already prepared to use landscape as before for such a purpose.


 After using this method, the water of the River of Time in the year essence pools was almost used up, the sovereign immortal aperture’s time difference with the outside world also fell greatly.


 A considerable amount of time was needed, until the year essence pools could gather enough water of the River of Time to accelerate the sovereign immortal aperture’s time again.


 At this point, forty percent of the sovereign immortal aperture’s foundation had just been restored.


 Which meant that the sovereign immortal aperture only had forty percent in total of losses remaining, this greatly reduced the time, energy, and resources needed to reconstruct his foundation.


 The forty percent of losses were created by the chaotic disaster.


 Even landscape as before was not useful for this. The Gu Immortals that died from the chaotic disaster were also not able to revive through Human Sea.


 He had a lot of other losses as well.


 The immortal essence expenditure was huge, he once had a vast amount of rank eight immortal essence, but now, he had about ten percent left, it was way below the safety margin, he was in a dangerous state.


 This was also why Fang Yuan stopped and did not continue fighting against Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 But the good news was, as a venerable, Fang Yuan produced yellow apricot immortal essence, it was much more useful than white litchi immortal essence.


 The bad news was, rank eight Immortal Gu Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus that once helped Fang Yuan greatly in terms of immortal essence storage became much less useful now.


 At the same time, because the sovereign immortal aperture’s time slowed greatly, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence production speed was not high.


 During this period of time, Fang Yuan needed to rest and manage his immortal essence, he also had to refine the natural dao marks of the outside world, he would need a lot of immortal essence.


 “The lack of immortal essence is huge, while immortal essence stones are barely useful to me anymore.”


 “If I ignore everything and raise the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time to the limit, that will not work either!” Fang Yuan frowned slightly.


 Venerables faced a grand tribulation every ten years, a myriad tribulation every fifty years, and a chaotic disaster every one hundred years.


 Unless they were dream path, pill path and so on, grand tribulations and myriad tribulations were no threat to Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was only wary about the chaotic disasters every one hundred years.


 Even though he had already gone through one chaotic disaster in Crazed Demon Cave.


 That was only the Heavenly Dao blockade, it was far weaker than the chaotic disasters that would occur every one hundred years!


 If the sovereign immortal aperture’s time was too fast, Fang Yuan would quickly have to face the chaotic disaster, if he got heavily injured in the process, or even near the point of death, the other venerables would take advantage of the chance.


 The replenishment of immortal essence was a problem, other than this, Fang Yuan also lost a large number of Immortal Gu.


 In the first parts of the Crazed Demon Cave fight, after Gu Immortals died, Fang Yuan did not retrieve their Immortal Gu or immortal apertures.


 In fact, the seven Immortal Gu Houses that Fang Yuan took out in Crazed Demon Cave, including Rising Cloud City, were all lost as well.


 Fang Yuan’s losses were so severe that no super force in the world barring Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven could afford to endure them.


 Thankfully, in the later parts of the Crazed Demon Cave fight, Fang Yuan purposely reduced his losses in this aspect. For example, when Zhan Bu Du died, the will that he left behind sent many of his precious transformation path Immortal Gu into treasure yellow heaven.


 Other than Immortal Gu and immortal essence, many Gu Immortals died as well.


 Steel Rush Warrior, Frost Butterfly Warrior, Xiao He Jian, Ice Crystal Immortal Monarch, and even Fang Yuan’s clone Zhan Bu Du, they had all died in Crazed Demon Cave. There were also those who died in the sovereign immortal aperture when they defended against the tribulations.


 Most of them were revived through Human Sea, they had to re-cultivate to become immortal again.


 There was also a group of them who could not be revived. Among them was the old Combat Beast King, a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Even Fang Yuan felt that it was a pity.


 This old man had worked laboriously without complaint, he made great contributions towards the sovereign immortal aperture. But he was killed by the black fire, Fang Yuan could not revive him.


 Other than these material losses, Fang Yuan also had some hidden losses.


 Most importantly, he exposed too many killer moves.


 In the Crazed Demon Cave battle, Fang Yuan had no choice but to expose many of his compound killer moves, as well as trump cards like refine self, totem killer moves, and others.


 For a long time, these killer moves could not be used, they needed to be modified.


 When he fights against the venerables in the future, if he were to use these killer moves without modification, Fang Yuan would be taking a huge risk.


 But compared to his losses, Fang Yuan’s gains were much higher!


 In the Crazed Demon Cave battle, Fang Yuan had immense gains, he was undeniably the biggest winner out of everyone!!


 Firstly, Fang Yuan ransacked the first seven layers and obtained a vast amount of chaotic dao mark immortal materials.


 In the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave, he used Thieves Den to gain a vast amount of rank nine immortal materials. These rank nine immortal materials were enough for him to try to refine a rank nine Immortal Gu.


 The second thing was Primordial Domain.


 Fang Yuan had about the same amount of the Primordial Domain as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, which was slightly less than Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Primordial Domain was extremely valuable, especially for Fang Yuan.


 The third thing was Paradise Earth’s Northern Plains true inheritance, as well as his heaven path cultivation experiences. These included the method to digest truthful floating ice and raise one’s own heaven path cultivation level.


 The fourth was information.


 After the battle of Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan gained an in-depth understanding of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, as well as the Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven that they belonged to!


 He was no longer kept in the dark like before.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s methods, their combat systems, as well as Heavenly Court’s Door of Life and Death immortal graveyard, Transient White Cloud City Suppression painting path formation, Ruan Dan’s pill path, Longevity Heaven’s Eight Extremities formation, Calamity Luck Altar’s luck changing golden light path, and others.


 The fifth gain was also Fang Yuan’s greatest gain.


 His cultivation level rose to become venerable level.


 This was a peak qualitative change!


 From now onwards, he went from a chess piece to a player, he could openly plot against the world and rule over the five regions.


 The history of humanity and variant humans would have no choice but to remember his name.


 At this point, he stood on the same plane as the ten predecessors, he was like a sun that shone throughout the ages. All other Gu Immortals, regardless of their heroism or talent, were mere stars in the sky.


 Gu Yue Fang Yuan!


 The eleventh venerable of the Gu cultivator world.


 A demonic cultivator who became venerable through refinement path.


 According to Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven, his title was —


 Heaven Refining Demon Venerable!



***
Chapter 2216 - Crying Because of Fang Yuan


***





 Chapter 2216: Crying Because of Fang Yuan 

 Eastern Sea.


 Shen clan headquarters, purple rosewood myriad sparrow island.


 An elderly Gu Immortal stood in front of a stone door as he waited patiently.


 The elderly Gu Immortal radiated rank eight aura, he was the current first supreme elder of Shen clan, holding high authority — Shen Cong Sheng!


 Rumble...


 As the door of the secret room was opened, two Gu Immortals walked out from within.


 The person in front wore a grey robe and had shoulder length black and white hair, it was Shen Shang.


 As a cultivator of human path, the stay in Divine Emperor City was his fortuitous encounter. After leaving Divine Emperor City, the black fire injury in his immortal aperture was completely healed, his battle strength surged to pseudo venerable level.


 Shen Shang walked out of the stone door and stayed at the side, smiling at the Gu Immortal behind him: “Please come in.”


 This Gu Immortal wore a grey hemp garment, it was very simple and plain, but his muscular body could not be concealed. He wore a conical hat that could not hide his pale face and weakened state.


 It was Lu Wei Yin, who had survived the battle in Crazed Demon Cave.


 Lu Wei Yin bowed slightly and said: “Senior Shen’s human path methods are extraordinary, thirty percent of my injuries have healed already. I can only repay this debt in the future.”


 Shen Shang laughed heartily: “No need to worry about it, don’t call me senior either. We fought together in Crazed Demon Cave, having close cooperation, with our friendship, you can just treat me as an equal.”


 Shen Cong Sheng laughed as well: “Seniors, the banquet has been prepared, please come with me.”


 Before Lu Wei Yin gave any modest reply, Shen Shang laughed and grabbed his arm, bringing him to the banquet enthusiastically.


 The banquet was held outdoors in the open, at the peak of rosewood myriad sparrow island.


 There were three people in the pavilion, Shen Shang sat at the main seat, Lu Wei Yin sat beside him as the guest, while Shen Cong Sheng sat at the end respectfully.


 There was no need to comment about the beautiful and delicious food and wine on the table, Lu Wei Yin only took a small bite before he gazed afar.


 He saw that the sea was calm as a mirror, having no waves at all, the setting sun was radiating brightly, and the evening clouds were like blazing flames.


 “Such a beautiful sight.” Lu Wei Yin praised.


 At this moment, the countless birds and sparrows chirped on the island, countless purple rosewood branches shook with the cries of the birds, emitting beautiful sounds.


 At once, the blend of sounds created a medley that spread far and wide, towards the sea and sky that stretched to the horizon.


 Lu Wei Yin could not help but show an expression of indulgence, he shut his eyes to savor the moment. After a long while, he opened his eyes and let out a breath of air: “I’ve heard of the reputation of Eastern Sea Shen clan’s rosewood myriad sparrow island. After seeing it today, it truly lives up to that reputation. After surviving Crazed Demon Cave and seeing this beautiful sight, my heart has calmed down, sigh, it is great to be alive.”


 Lu Wei Yin’s strength was at the peak of rank eight, aside from his defense, which was firmly at pseudo venerable level.


 However, the battle in Crazed Demon Cave made him feel extremely weak.


 There were many crises and trials that caused Lu Wei Yin to be on the brink of death multiple times, recalling these dangerous moments, Lu Wei Yin still felt some lingering fear now.


 Shen Cong Sheng showed an expression of curiosity as he inquired: “If not for Heavenly Court’s and Longevity Heaven’s declarations, the entire five regions would still be kept in the dark. What exactly happened in Crazed Demon Cave? Not only did Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revive, Gu Yue Fang Yuan even became Heaven Refining Demon Venerable?”


 Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven both suffered losses, even though they had gains too, Fang Yuan was the biggest winner. Thus, they did not describe the details of Crazed Demon Cave to the rest of the world.


 With this huge commotion, after the initial shock of the Gu Immortals, they started to gain deep curiosity.


 Shen Cong Sheng was no exception.


 Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang looked at each other before retelling the complex story of the battle in Crazed Demon Cave together.


 After Shen Cong Sheng heard their story, he became silent.


 The pursuit of Limitless Demon Venerable, the scheming Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the powerful Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, the pitiful Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, and the immense restraint of Gu Yue Fang Yuan...


 This battle was at a whole new level!


 To the extent that even Demon Immortal Qi Jue, Zhan Bu Du, Qi Sea Ancestor, Lu Wei Yin, and Shen Shang were mere side characters in comparison.


 The price of this battle was also shocking beyond belief.


 Pseudo venerables like Zhan Bu Du and Demon Immortal Qi Jue died. Fang Yuan lost about fifty Gu Immortal subordinates, only half of Longevity Heaven’s Eight Extremities were left. And in Crazed Demon Cave, countless lifeforms including Nie Kuang Feng, Bu Tian Kong, and Duan Hu had died!


 Eventually, Limitless Demon Venerable failed in pursuing eternal life, while Fang Yuan ended up as the biggest winner.


 Shen Cong Sheng frowned and asked the two immortals: “There are three things I do not understand. Firstly, if I were Limitless Demon Venerable, why would I rush at that moment and take such a risk? With such strength, couldn’t he have suppressed the entire world and built another formation if this Crazed Demon formation was not enough to achieve his goal?”


 Shen Shang shook his head slightly: “Limitless Demon Venerable is a true Dao pursuer, after a million years of preparation and planning, how could he relent without giving it a test?”


 Lu Wei Yin added: “He could not last long in that condition either. Although he seemed to have revived, he was not a true living Gu Immortal. At least, after his death, he did not have a flesh-and-blood body, there was no immortal aperture either, in fact, he turned back into truthful floating ice.”


 “So that’s it.” Shen Cong Sheng nodded and asked again: “Secondly, are they really ignoring Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and letting him remain in the void of the ninth layer of Crazed Demon Cave?”


 Lu Wei Yin pondered and said: “Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was first manipulated by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and experienced a surge in emotions, he almost lost his memories and only vaguely remembered Lord Paradise Earth. Afterwards, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was released from the Door of Life and Death by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he actually went to block the hole of the world boundary of his own accord, that was out of our expectations.”


 “He did not regain his memories and sanity like what we anticipated. There were no changes in his emotions, it was like he was completely emotionless, but he treated the world boundary’s hole as the biggest threat. He used his body to block it and ignored everything else, that was truly a strange condition, as if... he was a soul beast.”


 Shen Shang said: “Us two discussed between ourselves regarding Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s condition, but we had no conclusion. Now it seems that even the venerables have no answer, they can merely make guesses. After Fang Yuan gained the upper hand and snatched the final truthful floating ice, while Spectral Soul Demon Venerable focused on suppressing the world boundary’s hole, the three venerables stopped fighting. After the battle of Crazed Demon Cave, they are all severely weakened, since the hole is handled by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, ignoring him is the best move for now.”


 Saying so, Shen Shang looked at Lu Wei Yin and said: “As for what they will do in the future and whether Spectral Soul Demon Venerable can regain his sanity, none of us can guess.”


 Lu Wei Yin nodded, his expression turned more solemn.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had a deeply murderous nature, without regaining his sanity, he could only stay in the ninth layer void and not escape. But if he regained his sanity, the five regions and two heavens would fall into chaos.


 Shen Cong Sheng asked his final question: “And thirdly, Fang Yuan’s schemes to become a venerable were exposed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. But there are still things I cannot understand. How did Fang Yuan get so many new killer moves? He had an endless number of compound killer moves, totem killer moves, and even Dang Hun Luo Po Seal that made use of Dang Hun Mountain, Luo Po Valley, and Reverse Flow River. I really cannot understand it, I thought Fang Yuan was always specialized in the wisdom path aspect of blocking others’ deductions. His wisdom Gu was also used up in Heavenly Court, how could he still have so many killer moves?”


 “Unless he has made some important progression in wisdom path? But isn’t this growth simply too big?”


 “So be it if he had Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, but that killer move that allowed him to escape from the Door of Life and Death used the three secluded domains of heaven and earth as the cores, he had nearly replicated the road of life.”


 Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang shook their heads, they had no idea either.


 The former sighed: “If Fang Yuan was not so unpredictable, he would not have become the biggest winner in this contest.”


 The latter said: “Regarding this, I have some guesses.”


 The three immortals ate and spoke, discussing their theories.


 After filling their bellies, Shen Cong Sheng took out a cup and made tea for Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang.


 Lu Wei Yin took a look and became quite curious, he asked: “Is this your six sound tea?”


 Shen Cong Sheng smiled: “It is just a small creation, allow me to embarrass myself.”


 Lu Wei Yin had a serious expression: “Shen clan’s six sound tea is famous in the world, to think that I am lucky enough to try it. There is a term in luck path called ‘every cloud has a silver lining’, there is also another saying ‘there is bound to be great fortune after surviving a huge crisis’. Haha, I am really lucky today.”


 Six sound tea was a set of six tea cups.


 These six cups of tea had very specific details when it came to the brewing process, temperature, cup used, sequence of drinking, and exact way to drink.


 Shen Cong Sheng expended rank eight immortal materials to brew the first cup of tea, it was called autumn wood sound.


 This tea was crystal clear, it was like the sky devoid of clouds, extremely pure and intact. The moment Lu Wei Yin drank it, he felt refreshed, his mind became clear, it was pure and cleansed. It was as if he had turned into a carefree flying bird, or a cool breeze, moving casually in the autumn skies, forgetting all his worries.


 Shen Cong Sheng made the second cup of tea, it was called cloud flow tea.


 This tea had a special texture, it was soft as cotton unlike normal tea. It melted when it entered the mouth, turning into a slightly cold stream of water that flowed down his throat, it was drunk in one mouthful without doubt.


 He made the third cup of tea, it was called river mournful cry.


 But halfway through, tears flowed down Shen Cong Sheng’s cheeks, he failed to brew the tea successfully.


 “I am ashamed, I am ashamed.” Shen Cong Sheng quickly wiped his tears and apologized.


 Lu Wei Yin’s injuries had been treated by Shen Shang, he was also hosted so enthusiastically by them, he knew that the main show was coming, he quickly asked what they wanted to hear: “First supreme elder of Shen clan, why are you crying?”


 Shen Cong Sheng answered: “Thank you for the concern, I am merely tearing up in guilt. It has been a thousand years since my Shen clan was established. To think that it would face the crisis of extermination during my generation, I, Shen Cong Sheng, am truly incompetent and useless. This beautiful rosewood myriad sparrow island and our countless clansmen are all going to perish.”


 Shen Shang sighed deeply.


 Lu Wei Yin asked: “Are you two worried about Fang Yuan?”


 “Precisely. Not long ago, information spread that this Lord Demon Venerable returned to Eastern Sea, picking a mortal island to set up his five restriction profound light qi that encompassed the surrounding ten thousand li! I am truly worried and fearful now, the whole of Shen clan is worried and fearful, in fact, the entire Eastern Sea Gu Immortal world is worried and fearful!” Shen Cong Sheng said this, a large amount of tears flowed down his face again.



***
Chapter 2217 - Delicious Wine Becomes Flavorless


***





 Chapter 2217: Delicious Wine Becomes Flavorless 

 The great Shen clan first supreme elder was crying with a tearful expression now.


 Part of it was definitely Shen Cong Sheng’s inner fear towards Fang Yuan, but he had deeper goals as well.


 With the combined announcement of Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven, such news could not be fake.


 Fang Yuan became Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, while news like Qi Sea Ancestor being Fang Yuan’s clone became known throughout the world.


 Before this, Eastern Sea’s righteous path had been defending Qi Sea Ancestor as they made the Righteous Qi Alliance, to contest against the variant human alliance under Fang Yuan’s control.


 It turned out that both leaders were Fang Yuan after all, it could be said that the entirety of Eastern Sea’s righteous path clans were toyed around in the hands of Fang Yuan.


 After Shen Cong Sheng found out about the truth, he felt anger and humiliation, but soon, fear and unrest followed.


 Shen clan was an Eastern Sea super force, it had huge businesses and seven seas under its control, but how could they face Fang Yuan?


 Back when Fang Yuan was still a pseudo venerable, Eastern Sea’s super forces had joined together unprecedentedly and nominated Qi Sea Ancestor to lead them. This caused their situation to stabilize.


 Now that Fang Yuan was a venerable, Shen clan and the other super forces could not escape his wrath.


 Because they were located in Eastern Sea, they could not move elsewhere.


 Even if they wanted to move, where could they go?


 Southern Border and Western Desert were impossible, since the absence of a venerable meant that Fang Yuan could chase after them if he was unhappy, and they would be doomed.


 Other than those regions, Central Continent and Northern Plains each had their own venerable who could resist Fang Yuan. But they already had their own super forces, how could Shen clan and the rest develop there? If they stayed in Eastern Sea, Fang Yuan would bully them, but if they went to Central Continent or Northern Plains, would Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable not suppress them? The five regions chaotic war was bound to happen, if Shen clan joined either venerable, when war broke out, they would be used as cannon fodder.


 Thus, Shen Cong Sheng gathered the elite Gu Immortals and discussed for a while, he decided that joining Fang Yuan was the best choice for them.


 Even though it was quite embarrassing, Fang Yuan was now a Demon Venerable, everyone would understand their actions.


 After Shen Cong Sheng made up his mind to join Fang Yuan, he thought about it more deeply: Since he was going to join Fang Yuan, Shen clan had to be the first clan to do so, it would give them more advantages. If Shen clan took the lead and worked with a pseudo venerable like Lu Wei Yin, stirring other Eastern Sea righteous path forces to join Fang Yuan, they would leave a good impression on Fang Yuan.


 Shen Cong Sheng secretly told this plan to Shen Shang, after he thought about it for a while, he decided that it was possible. Thus, they had to convince Lu Wei Yin first.


 Shen Shang felt that they had a good chance of convincing Lu Wei Yin.


 Even though he had only met Lu Wei Yin shortly, they had a deep connection. Shen Shang had once received Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s guidance while Lu Wei Yin was his Southern Border inheritor.


 If they looked at this from the Central Continent sect system, they were disciple brothers.


 Furthermore, during the battle of Crazed Demon Cave, Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang had worked together without any internal conflict. After returning, Shen Shang used his human path methods to heal Lu Wei Yin. If he were to use only his own earth path methods, it would take a long time to recover!


 At once, Shen Cong Sheng cried while Shen Shang drank tea by the side, they were both waiting for Lu Wei Yin’s response.


 Lu Wei Yin sighed internally.


 He had already understood that Shen Shang had an unclear relationship with Fang Yuan, they had worked together during the fate war to fight Heavenly Court. In Crazed Demon Cave, after Shen Shang left Divine Emperor City, he immediately cooperated and fought against Heavenly Court as a result of Fang Yuan’s words.


 Then what about Lu Wei Yin?


 Where should he go?


 Lu Wei Yin had been considering this question for a long time.


 After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, the situation of the world changed drastically.


 Three venerables were in a standoff, but there was still the possibility of other venerables reviving.


 Everything needed to be reconsidered.


 Lu Wei Yin, who had pseudo venerable battle strength, was clear of his own situation. Fighting against a venerable was courting death. But in certain situations, pseudo venerables were still capable of influencing the victory and defeat of venerables.


 The battle in Crazed Demon Cave was proof of this.


 When Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable got into a deadlock, they first invited Fang Yuan before asking the other pseudo venerables to join their side. These people were the crucial pieces needed to tilt victory in their favor.


 In Crazed Demon Cave, even after the three venerables stopped fighting, Fang Yuan and the other venerables did not deal with Lu Wei Yin and the rest.


 Other than the fact that they were in poor condition and were wary of each other’s actions, thus being unable to take risks, if they tried to kill the pseudo venerables and failed, they would be forcing them to join the other sides.


 Thus, Lu Wei Yin and the rest returned safely.


 Lu Wei Yin pondered for a while before saying: “If Lord Paradise Earth were still around, I would definitely follow him. The reason why I helped Fang Yuan to ambush Spectral Soul during the pursuit battle was to use his strength to help Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable revive. But now, he has been killed by Fang Yuan...”


 Lu Wei Yin gritted his teeth, showing anger on his face.


 If Paradise Earth were to be killed by either Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Lu Wei Yin might still feel better.


 But it was Fang Yuan who killed Paradise Earth.


 While Fang Yuan managed to escape from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable because of Lu Wei Yin’s desperate attempt to ambush him.


 Shen Shang observed his expression and knew that Lu Wei Yin’s emotions were surging, he understood why Lu Wei Yin felt so conflicted as well.


 Shen Shang did not speak. He had received Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s help in the past, it was not appropriate to speak now.


 Shen Cong Sheng had no such issue, immediately urging: “In my opinion, Lord Lu Wei Yin, you do not need to be too conflicted. Back then, you helped Fang Yuan mostly because of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable’s will.”


 After pausing for a while, he added: “Furthermore, even though Fang Yuan took Lord Paradise Earth’s life, that was merely the final hit. The most important culprits were Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”


 Lu Wei Yin sighed as he looked up, he had no choice but to nod as he said: “You are right.”


 He smiled bitterly: “The situation has changed, the world is no longer like before. Without Lord Paradise Earth, I, Lu Wei Yin, am merely a wandering vagrant. Even though Mushroomman Paradise is still around, the mushroommen have all entered the sovereign immortal aperture already, they are Fang Yuan’s hostages. I am troubled by both choices, I cannot calm down. Shen Shang, we have a deep friendship forged from battles, I wonder what your opinion on this matter is? I would like to hear your view.”


 Shen Shang coughed before saying: “I will not lie to you, friend, I want to join Lord Heaven Refining Demon Venerable. The truth is, back in the blue dragon whale, we had already worked with Lord Fang Yuan. Afterwards, we collaborated in both the fate war and the battle in Crazed Demon Cave. Through our multiple cooperations, Lord Fang Yuan had not let us down once. Of course, can we say that Fang Yuan is dependable? That is complete nonsense, he is still a Demon Venerable after all. But Shen clan’s foundation is here, if we try to move, it will be too risky. After considering the pros and cons, this is the only thing we can do.”


 Gu Immortals could not cultivate without resources.


 Shen clan was huge and had many Gu Immortals, they needed even more resources to maintain the cultivation of all their members, while promoting new Gu Immortal seeds as well.


 Of course, each Gu Immortal had their own immortal aperture.


 But just the resources inside one’s immortal aperture were not enough to be self-sufficient. Otherwise, treasure yellow heaven would not be this popular with everyone.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was able to be self-sufficient, but it was unique.


 Even though it could be refined again, the amount of immortal materials needed, including the ten extreme physiques, and also the tribulation during the Gu refinement, made the risks and investments too great to bear.


 Hearing Shen Shang’s words, Lu Wei Yin’s expression turned grim as he nodded: “Brother Shen has helped me a lot, since that is your decision, then I will follow you this time.”


 Shen Cong Sheng and Shen Shang glanced at each other while muttering internally: Sly old fox.


 With these words, Lu Wei Yin wanted to use this decision to repay the favor of having Shen Shang heal his injuries.


 As expected, a pseudo venerable like Lu Wei Yin was a genius among geniuses, he could not be deceived under most situations.


 Shen Shang coughed and said: “It is for the best that you have decided to do this. We can help each other out in the future as well.”


 Shen Cong Sheng quickly made use of this conversation, suggesting that Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin should take the lead to get all the other Eastern Sea super forces to join Fang Yuan as well.


 Lu Wei Yin predicted that this would happen, he nodded and agreed on the spot.


 Shen Cong Sheng brewed his six sound tea again.


 After enjoying the tea, Shen Shang brought the satisfied Lu Wei Yin into their secret room again for treatment.


 Shen Shang’s and Lu Wei Yin’s injuries were very severe.


 Just one round of treatment was not enough. Even if Shen Shang was using human path methods, to get rid of these venerable dao marks on their wounds, time was needed.


 On the morning of the second day, Shen Cong Sheng set off and visited the other super clans.


 His plan to rope them in was quite successful.


 These super forces were all based in Eastern Sea, they soon heard from Shen Cong Sheng that Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin were going to join Fang Yuan.


 With the death of Demon Immortal Qi Jue in Crazed Demon Cave, there were only three pseudo venerable battle strength experts left in the world.


 Among the three of them, Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin wanted to join Fang Yuan, while Qi Sea Ancestor, the leader of the Righteous Qi Alliance, was Fang Yuan’s qi path clone!


 This trend was simply too overpowering, the other Eastern Sea super clans soon joined in.


 Of course, not everyone wanted to join Fang Yuan.


 Xia Xuan, Xia Jia, and the other Gu Immortals had already decided to leave Eastern Sea and betray the Righteous Qi Alliance the moment they heard Longevity Heaven’s and Heavenly Court’s announcements.


 These Xia clan Gu Immortals were truly pitiful.


 First, their foundation was devoured by the variant human alliance, they then joined Qi Sea Ancestor to try and reclaim their territory. But the result was that Qi Sea Ancestor and Fang Yuan had played them entirely, killing the important Gu Immortals of Xia clan like Xia Rui Zhi.


 “This demon Fang Yuan killed our clansmen and devoured our foundation, this enmity is greater than heaven!”


 “Eastern Sea, we will be back one day!”


 “Let’s go, Zui Xian Weng is going to arrive here soon on patrol.”


 “Hehe, don’t worry, in order to escape today, I specially found some rare wine for Zui Xian Weng. With his nature, he is going to be completely drunk today.”


 Xia clan’s Gu Immortals conversed while secretly flying from Eastern Sea to Central Continent along the surface of the sea.


 Zui Xian Weng watched as they left, until they vanished into the horizon.


 This elderly Gu Immortal sighed deeply, he had a worried expression.


 He had already regretted his promise to Qin Ding Ling. He was now Heavenly Court’s spy that had infiltrated the Righteous Qi Alliance.


 Heavenly Court had instructed him a day ago to purposely let these Xia clan Gu Immortals go.


 “I succeeded this time because it was an easy mission, but next time?”


 Zui Xian Weng thought about Fang Yuan, who had venerable cultivation level, all the wine that he had become flavorless.


 “How did he suddenly become a venerable out of nowhere?!”



***
Chapter 2218 - Fang Yuan As An Escape Route


***





 Chapter 2218: Fang Yuan As An Escape Route 

 A tiny bamboo stick, on which five cicadas were skewered, was placed above the fire grill.


 The bamboo stick was unusual, while the fire was also not ordinary, these five cicadas were all rank five fire path Gu worms named purple smoke cicada. Once the infusion of true essence, can emit purple smoke, obscuring a piece of heaven and earth.


 If in the mortal world, each purple smoke cicada would cause bloodshed among Gu Masters, but here, they were just food.


 The person cooking the cicadas wore a white robe and had thick hair, he was sitting on a folding stool that displayed his tall and thin body.


 It was Northern Plains’ rank eight Gu Immortal Heavenly Lord Bai Zu!


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had a hobby that was well known in Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world. He loved to cook Gu worms and create these delicious dishes from time to time.


 He personally cooked these dishes, other than for himself, he also gave them to his Bai Zu tribe members as a reward. Anyone who received such a reward would feel incredibly honored. This was Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s acknowledgement after all!


 At times, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu would also invite his Gu Immortal friends as guests to enjoy his cooking.


 At this moment, Chu Du sat in front of Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he was the single esteemed guest that was invited!


 Chu Du continued to chew as the number of purple smoke cicadas on the skewer fell to one.


 “Brother Chu, how’s the taste?” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu grilled his cicadas while smiling and asking.


 Chu Du smiled too: “It has great flavor! To think that after grilling these purple smoke cicadas, they would actually have the flavor of chicken meat but also the sweetness of taro. It is a crunchy snack and one skewer is definitely not enough.”


 “Hahaha.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed: “Everyone knows that I was a lone cultivator initially. Long ago, when I roamed Northern Plains aimlessly, I barely had enough clothes or food. One time, when I failed to capture a Gu worm, I accidentally crushed it with my foot. Half a month of effort became wasted as a result.”


 “I could not bear to leave it there! I felt angry and regretful. Thus, I cooked that Gu worm and ate it, the flavor was terrible and I had diarrhea for seven days and night, I almost died as a result.”


 “After that ordeal, I became more determined and ruthless. I swore that when I made it big, I would frequently eat Gu worms to take revenge.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had a drifting gaze.


 Chu Du was solemn.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had never said such words to him, he seemed to have the intention to go into a deeper conversation.


 Chu Du knew that this was the result of exposing his rank eight cultivation level, they were on equal levels now.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu laughed again as he steered the topic back: “My grilled cicadas are just a hobby, there is good flavor but no benefits at all. This is not like those super forces with deep foundations, their famous teas and wines are passed down for generations and modified each time. Some of their better creations can even grant dao marks after consumption.”


 Chu Du nodded as he said analytically: “Ever since the Battle of Yi Tian Mountain and the actions of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who has incredibly profound food path methods, Heavenly Court, which was his enemy, started to research food path and gained much result. The qi tides that swept the world also caused five or six food path inheritances that I know of to be circulated. These were mostly sold in treasure yellow heaven and were bought by many people, allowing them to benefit greatly. As a result, food path started to spread among people.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu nodded and sighed: “With the destruction of fate, the unification of five regions, and the reign of three venerables, the chaotic war is about to start. This has never happened in human history. Food path originated from beastmen and was purposely concealed by people even when it was spread. But with the great era now, food path cannot be hidden anymore. I wonder how many food path experts will appear in the future? Food path is becoming like this, strength path will also not stay the same. Brother Chu, I know that you are focused on promoting strength path, that is impossible during normal times, but in this great era, you have a good chance of success.”


 Chu Du laughed involuntarily, he had fought against Fairy Black Moon earlier and risked injuries to save her, it showed his aspiration to everyone.


 Chu Du’s eyes glimmered: “Now is still too early. Currently, there are less than five true strength path experts in the five regions. Other than me and Fairy Black Moon, there is only the first supreme elder of Western Desert’s Fang clan, who is the most famous one. To revitalize strength path, I need to get more Gu cultivators to choose strength path in their cultivation. I cannot change the environment of the world, but I can create more strength path experts to push this tide along!”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu finally reached the topic he wanted, he interjected: “Brother Chu, you are forgetting one strength path expert. In his early days, he mostly relied on strength path methods. And now, he is high and mighty, far beyond the realm of us ordinary people.”


 Chu Du was stunned for a moment before realizing that Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was referring to Gu Yue Fang Yuan.


 Chu Du knew what Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s intention was in mentioning Fang Yuan, he cooperated and said solemnly: “Gu Yue Fang Yuan was able to become a venerable, it is truly out of my expectations. Back when I first met him, I felt that this person was not simple, he could not be estimated with common sense.”


 “Afterwards, I was fortunate to fight together with him several times, I found that this person had a hardy nature, he had both brains and brawn. Anyone with such a nature would not submit to being below others.”


 “But he had a special identity, he was the single chosen person by heaven’s will to rebirth, he also received the investment of many venerables in an attempt to destroy fate. In his life, he had encountered so many dangerous situations and predicaments that even throughout history, nobody could compare to it.”


 “Finally, he managed to take that final step and become one of the strongest people in the world. After my initial shock and suspicion, I analyzed this and felt that it was a natural thing.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu listened, he nodded, saying: “You are exactly right.”


 Next, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu subconsciously quietened his voice as he moved his body forward, saying to Chu Du: “I wonder if Brother Chu has stayed in contact with this Heaven Refining Demon Venerable...”


 Chu Du did not answer openly, he asked: “Oh? Brother Bai Zu, you mean to say...”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu shrugged and raised both palms, smiled bitterly: “In the current situation, Brother Chu, why the need to ask an unnecessary question? We became acquainted from our initial conflict, even though we made our respective tribes, in this Northern Plains, we are ostracized constantly.”


 “In normal times, we both have rank eight cultivation level, other than Central Continent, as long as we are alive, our forces can stay strong in any other place.”


 “But now, we are in the unprecedented great era!”


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revived, and he has a reputation for being the most caring towards his descendants.”


 “My Bai Zu tribe was established by devouring Hei tribe’s foundation, which is a Huang Jin bloodline tribe.”


 “To speak the truth, Brother Chu, I have not been able to eat or sleep well recently, I am filled with worries.”


 Chu Du quickly consoled: “No matter how protective Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is towards his descendants, you still have rank eight cultivation level. Longevity Heaven has been trying to unify the entire Northern Plains Gu Immortal world, if he kills you, he will lose the support of many people. If the current world were ruled by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable alone, we might be in danger. But with three venerables in power now, we have hope of surviving.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu still had a bitter expression: “However, there are countless ways for the stronger party to deal with us. Brother Chu, ever since our tribes were created, the other Huang Jin tribes have been ostracizing us. Haven’t we seen enough of their methods? Giant Sun Immortal Venerable does not need to target us, when the chaos starts, he can just push our tribes to be the cannon fodder, it is a simple thing to get rid of us.”


 Chu Du heard this and nodded lightly. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had expressed his inner worry as well.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to contact Fang Yuan through Chu Du, he was not thinking of joining Fang Yuan immediately.


 After all, Fang Yuan had been given the title of Heaven Refining Demon Venerable by Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court.


 Everyone in the world knew about Fang Yuan’s nature, ruthlessness and cruelty was a part of it.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to leave an escape route for himself, so that he could use it when a crisis appeared.


 And the truth was, Chu Du had the same idea as him.


 “To speak the truth, I have not contacted Fang Yuan for a very long time.” Chu Du sighed and said the truth.


 Chu Du added: “Everyone knows about my relationship with Fang Yuan. It is too dangerous to contact Fang Yuan now with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s existence. If I get exposed, disaster would strike.”


 Even though he said that.


 Chu Du had already made up his mind, while the three venerables were resting, he would secretly contact Fang Yuan and try to create a backup plan for his Chu tribe.


 The concurrent reign of three venerables shocked the world.


 After the shock, most of the forces and Gu Immortals started to think about their own circumstances.


 At the same time, Fang clan’s first supreme elder, who was known as the most famous strength path expert by Chu Du, was also holding a meeting now.


 In the study room.


 Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong sat down and said with a tone of lingering fear: “To think that Fang Yuan became a Demon Venerable! Thankfully, our clan did not reject him and made the transaction with him. Otherwise, if we offended him, we could have defended against him back then, but now, we would face his revenge. Our entire clan would get into a crisis of life and death.”


 At the side, Fang clan’s third supreme elder, rank seven Gu Immortal, Fang Hua Sheng said: “The truth is, our Fang clan was deceived by Fang Yuan for so long, but that is nothing big, he is someone who became venerable after all.”


 Fang Di Chang snorted coldly, showing a look of displeasure.


 He had deep grudges with Fang Yuan. Back then, he schemed against Fang Yuan but got killed and captured instead. Even though Fang Yuan released his soul later, that was part of the transaction that allowed him to get a vast amount of soul cores as well as Thieves Den.


 Right now, Fang Di Chang had another body, even though he had rank five cultivation level, he was already preparing for his immortal ascension.


 Although his cultivation level fell, his status remained unchanged. After all, his adopted son, Fang Yun, was holding up his faction, he was still trusted by the whole of Fang clan.


 Even though Fang Di Chang’s wisdom path methods were weaker now, he still had his unique perspective.


 He smiled coldly and analyzed: “On the surface, Fang Yuan has become a Demon Venerable and the current situation is unprecedented! Something like three venerables coexisting at the same time has never happened, but even among them, there are subtle differences.”


 “Look, Heavenly Court exposed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable of creating and cultivating blood path, they also claimed that Fang Yuan was Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, they are the most aggressive side.”


 “Longevity Heaven rebuked Heavenly Court and said that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was cultivating blood path to benefit the world, it was his great benevolence. At the same time, they also called Fang Yuan a Demon Venerable.”


 “Among the three, only Fang Yuan has not spoken. After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, he has been recuperating in Eastern Sea. This shows that he is the weakest among the three venerables.”


 “In the future, the three venerables will have a huge battle, I still have a chance of revenge. Our Western Desert is situated deep in Western Desert, we have a great location. When the five regions go to war, the boundaries of the various regions will be chaotic. We only need to lay low and develop secretly. If the three venerables have a winner among them, we will join that side. If the venerables die, our Fang clan has hope of becoming an overlord of Western Desert.”


 Fang Gong and Fang Hua Sheng listened to his analysis and could not help but nod slightly.



***
Chapter 2219 - No, I Am Great Love Immortal Venerable!


***





 Chapter 2219: No, I Am Great Love Immortal Venerable! 

 After that, Fang Di Chang emphasized: “Looking at the five regions, Northern Plains, Central Continent, and Eastern Sea all have a venerable leader, while Southern Border has a righteous path alliance. Only our Western Desert is still divided and disunited.”


 “One can say that Western Desert is the weakest of the five regions.”


 “In this situation, we cannot take the lead to cause problems or show our stance.”


 “If other forces recruit us, we will try to balance ourselves and secretly join them while ensuring that our benefits are the priority. Back then, our Fang clan was attacked because we obtained Divine Emperor City. We cannot commit the same mistake again and become the target of everyone, that is too foolish.”


 Fang Hua Sheng and Fang Gong nodded again.


 Even though Fang Di Chang had lost his cultivation level, he still had his wide-ranging perspective.


 Southern Border.


 Tian Lan Mountain, Luo clan’s headquarters.


 In the main hall, most of Luo clan’s Gu Immortals were gathered, those that did not come personally also sent their wills instead.


 Luo clan’s first supreme elder had rank seven cultivation level, he looked around before speaking: “In the era of three reigning venerables, chaos will ensue. What should Luo clan do? If you have any ideas, do say them now.”


 Luo clan’s Gu Immortals looked at each other, soon, one of them spoke.


 This person cultivated space path, he was Luo clan’s number one general, Luo Ran, who had peak rank seven battle strength, even surpassing the first supreme elder.


 Luo Ran spoke: “Everyone, news of the reign of three venerables shocked everyone, after thinking about it, I decided to look at it from another perspective. If I were either of the three venerables, I would first devour Southern Border and Western Desert. After all, weaklings are the easiest targets, it is not good for Eastern Sea, Central Continent, or Northern Plains if the three venerables fight now. The wisest decision is to strengthen myself first and take more territory and resources before fighting the other venerables.”


 “Our Luo clan is at the northern end of Southern Border, we are closest to Central Continent. If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wants to interfere in Southern Border, our Luo clan would have to face her first!”


 Luo clan’s immortals nodded with a cold expression.


 Ever since the disappearance of the five regional walls, their pressure had been intensifying daily. They had to search for backup plans and escape routes for Luo clan.


 Luo Ran continued to speak: “With the reign of three venerables, unless our Southern Border also has a venerable, even if all the Southern Border Gu Immortals worked together cooperatively, we are not the match of any of these three venerables. As for the other super forces who are deeper inside the region, they might still have the choice of staying out of the war, but our Luo clan is stuck between Southern Border and Central Continent, when conflict starts, we will need to stick to one side.”


 Once he said that, all of the Luo clan immortals became stirred.


 One of them stood up directly and shouted angrily: “Luo Ran, are you saying that our Luo clan should surrender before fighting? Are you going to ignore the righteousness of our clan throughout the generations? We, Luo clan, defend the glory of righteousness, are you going to abandon that?”


 Everyone turned to look, the person who said that was Luo Fei.


 Next, many Luo clan Gu Immortals added in their comments that sided with Luo Fei.


 “When our Luo clan had once prospered, we almost threatened Wu clan’s position, how can we act so cowardly?”


 “Indeed, venerables are no doubt invincible. But in the current era, with the reign of three venerables, and the possibility that other venerables might revive in the future, the future is certainly uncertain, we cannot give up now.”


 “In my opinion, none of the three venerables now are worth joining. Heavenly Court has the sect system, if our Luo clan joins them, we need to change our clan system. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable is most protective of his descendants, Bai Zu tribe and Chu tribe are being ostracized by Northern Plains’ Huang Jin bloodline. Meanwhile, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable has a lot of enmity with our clan, if we lower our heads to him, I will look down on myself!”


 Seeing everyone’s anger and riled emotions, Luo Ran quickly waved his hand: “Everyone, I did not consider it through.”


 Luo Fei stared widely: “Lord Luo Ran, you are the number one expert of Luo clan, if even you have such thoughts, we will be too disappointed!”


 Luo Ran had an expression of guilt: “I was wrong.”


 Luo Fei added: “According to my view, the situation is not very dangerous. With the reign of three venerables, they are wary of each other while being restricted, they will not make a move easily. In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Demon Immortal Qi Jue and people like Xiao He Jian have already died, Fang Yuan lost many powerful subordinates. Right now, his main body is recuperating in Eastern Sea without doing anything, he does not have the strength to interfere in other regions.”


 “Additionally, even though our Southern Border has no venerable, we have the Southern Alliance and the Alliance Leader Wu Yong. During the fate war, Lord Wu Yong led our Southern Border righteous path and did not disappoint us even once! Why can’t we hold expectations towards him and ourselves for now?”


 After saying these words, Luo Fei sat down.


 Many Luo clan Gu Immortals also nodded slightly, agreeing with her words.


 Luo clan thought positively about Wu clan.


 Because back then, Luo clan suffered a loss when exploring Qi Jue grotto-heaven, they were pursued and had to seek help from Wu clan to preserve their strength.


 After some time, Luo Zu announced the end of the meeting, only Luo Ran stayed behind to talk to him secretly.


 “Sorry you had to do this.” Luo Zu said apologetically.


 Luo Ran shook his head: “Joining Heavenly Court was my true intention to begin with. I was just probing them today, but it seems that Luo clan does not want to give up yet, they think that it is too cowardly. On the other hand, that information path Immortal Gu was only the idea of Immortal Crane Sect, even if our Luo clan wants to join Central Continent, we need to contact at least Heavenly Court, right?”


 Luo Zu sighed: “Our Luo clan has always been an upright and righteous force, I am too useless to lead everyone, I am worried about Luo clan’s safety. But you are right, now is not the time yet, we need to continue contacting Immortal Crane Sect in secret.”


 Central Continent, Immortal Crane Sect.


 Verdant green trees grew as clear winds blew.


 In a pavilion near the middle of the mountain, a young Gu Immortal was blowing his flute.


 As the sound of the flute spread, an immortal crane fluttered in the sky.


 The young looking Gu Immortal wore a clean white robe, his eyebrows were green and long, extending to his waist. It was the enslavement path immortal He Feng Yang, he was known as the Winged Crane Flying Immortal.


 “I succeeded in passing my tribulation and became rank seven. But to think that the moment I came out of seclusion, I heard the shocking story of the reign of three venerables.”


 “Not only did Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revive, there is even a new Heaven Refining Demon Venerable!”


 “Gu Yue Fang Yuan...”


 He Feng Yang felt complex emotions.


 Back then, he was the one who asked Lord Sky Crane to head to Southern Border’s Gu Yue village, he also dealt with Fang Yuan when trying to get Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “If I made up my mind back then and took action personally, could I have killed Fang Yuan?”


 This thought emerged in He Feng Yang’s mind constantly.


 But soon, He Feng Yang shook his head. The chances were that he would fail. Because behind Fang Yuan, there was the contest of heaven’s will and the other venerables. Also, even if he could have killed Fang Yuan, what was the point of saying it now?


 Fang Yuan was already a Demon Venerable.


 While He Feng Yang had just gotten past rank six and advanced to rank seven.


 He Feng Yang felt dejected internally, but he also had other emotions like envy.


 He worked so hard for so many years, but he watched as a mortal like Fang Yuan rose rapidly in strength, eventually becoming a venerable! Fang Yuan had far surpassed him, he could not even see his shadow.


 But through this flute music, He Feng Yang slowly calmed down.


 “Everyone has their own opportunities.”


 “Fang Yuan was able to reach this stage, other than fortuitous encounters, he also had wisdom and courage to fight, he saw through many chaotic situations and had often gotten into dangerous situations.”


 “But I am not without hope. During peaceful times, spending resources on enslavement path is wasteful for the sect. But with the arrival of the five regions chaotic war, as an enslavement path cultivator, the sect will think highly of me, they will give me more attention and resources.”


 “Furthermore, I acted of my own accord and secretly sent Luo clan an information path Immortal Gu in the name of Immortal Crane Sect to try to recruit them. Since Luo clan’s first supreme elder has not destroyed the information path Immortal Gu yet, this shows a clear attitude.”


 “If this succeeds, it will be a huge accomplishment, I will get a lot of sect contribution points. By then, I can exchange for an immortal pill from Heavenly Court so that Little Nine can become an ancient desolate beast!”


 He Feng Yang looked at the nine palace crane in front of him and smiled.


 This nine palace crane was a desolate beast with a close relationship with He Feng Yang. Back then, it was hit by a time path Immortal Gu and regressed in age, becoming younger and younger until it became a baby. He Feng Yang tried his best to save it, paying a huge price for it to recover fully.


 Eastern Sea.


 Five colored smoke rumbled as it contracted, eventually going back into Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on the nameless island, he saw a wide area before him without any smoke left.


 Next, a large group of Gu Immortals came towards him. When they were a thousand steps away, they landed on the surface of the sea and kowtowed towards him, showing their subservience.


 These were Eastern Sea’s righteous path Gu Immortals, the various first supreme elders of the respective clans were among them.


 Of course, they were led by the pseudo venerables, Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin.


 Fang Yuan was stunned for a split second before understanding the situation, he laughed: “A wise man submits to circumstances, everyone, please get up. From today onwards, I will treat you equally like my other subordinates.”


 The immortals showed expressions of gratitude as they said together: “We pay respects to Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, we are willing to give our lives to Lord Demon Venerable!”


 But Fang Yuan shook his head slowly: “At this point, I should make a declaration to the world.”


 He connected to treasure yellow heaven and started to make his declaration.


 “What, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable? I do not accept this title!”


 Shen Shang and the rest were stunned.


 “I am not in the demonic path, I am a righteous path member. All my past actions have been to seek blessings for all living beings in the world. I disregarded my own life and experienced countless crises to destroy fate, I granted freedom to everyone in the world! However, corrupt forces like Heavenly Court still try to suppress and slander me even now, they are trying to obstruct me!”


 “I was best friends with Lord Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. In the battle of Crazed Demon Cave, he entrusted me with his wishes before dying, after becoming venerable, I will emulate Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, I will work for the harmony of the five regions!”


 “Everyone, do not believe in rumors, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was not killed by me, Star Constellation and Giant Sun cooperated to end his life.”


 Fang Yuan spoke in a righteous tone.


 Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin stared at him blankly.


 The other Eastern Sea righteous path leaders were also listening like this was a dream.


 Fang Yuan suddenly raised his volume, he said in an energetic tone: “Everyone, I want you to remember, I, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, am Great Love Immortal Venerable! From today onwards, I will create my Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, I will bring benefits to the world and peace to the five regions!!”


 News soon spread rapidly in treasure yellow heaven, every Gu Immortal in the world heard of it.


 Be they Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Chu Du who were currently grilling food, or the three higher-ups of Fang clan who were discussing secretly, or Luo clan’s immortals, or He Feng Yang, they all received this shocking news.


 But Fang Yuan did not stop, he continued to speak.


 He placed a list in treasure yellow heaven that contained a vast number of Gu worm names. If any Gu Master or Gu Immortal paid the appropriate price, he would refine Gu for them. For mortal Gu, he did not restrict quantity, while in regards to Immortal Gu, he could even refine rank eight Immortal Gu for them!


 The five regions went into an uproar.


 “This is my promise as Gu Yue Fang Yuan, a refinement path venerable!”


 “Gu worms are the core of our cultivation, they are our foundation. But all along, they have been too rare and hard to refine, especially Immortal Gu.”


 “Because of this, the first thing that I will do to benefit the world is to refine Immortal Gu for everyone. Regardless of our past grudges or enmity, be it friend or foe, I will not mind it, I will refine Gu for everyone equally. This will prove the great love in my heart!”


 “I know what you are worried about. But in fact, I have already made many transactions with various forces and Gu Immortals, I refined many Immortal Gu for them.”


 “For example, I’ve transacted many times with Western Desert’s Fang clan, this is all evidence!”


 In Western Desert, Fang Gong, Fang Di Chang, and Fang Hua Sheng stared with wide eyes.


 Fang Di Chang, who had earlier emphasized that they should ‘keep a low-profile and not cause public outrage’ turned pale immediately.


 “Or for example, Southern Border’s Wu clan. I have refined more than one rank eight Immortal Gu for Wu Yong, the evidence is here!”


 Wu Yong:”...”


 Luo clan’s members: “...”


 Luo Fei held her head and felt like her heart had broken: “Why? Lord Wu Yong, you actually cooperated with Fang Yuan secretly... why?!”


 “Or for example, Northern Plains’ Bai Zu tribe, I have many possible areas of cooperation with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, we have been in close contact.” Fang Yuan continued to announce.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was like a stone statue, the skewer in his hand that he was roasting went up in flames.


 Chu Du looked at him, seemingly saying: Brother, what is wrong with you? Since you have been in contact with Fang Yuan all along, why did you want to use my connection with him?


 Fang Yuan continued to say: “Not just Northern Plains, Central Continent is involved too. For example, Immortal Crane Sect’s He Feng Yang, I have been in contact with him since my younger days, we have truly become acquainted as a result of past conflicts.”


 “Slander, this is pure slander!!” He Feng Yang smashed the jade flute in his hand, he shivered intensely.


 Finally, Fang Yuan said: “Whether you believe me or not, that is up to you. Risks exist all the time, but what if this is true? Why don’t you try first?”


 “Everyone, please give me some of your trust!”


 “Since long ago, countless people have misunderstood me. Thus, allow me to prove now to the people over the world that I am truly Great Love Immortal Venerable!!”


 After Fang Yuan’s declaration.


 Winds blew on the surface of the sea.


 The kneeling Eastern Sea Gu Immortals raised their heads and looked towards Fang Yuan in a daze.


 Looking at them, Fang Yuan showed a kind and sincere smile: “Everyone, please get up. You have already joined my Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, you will receive greater preferential treatment as the first batch.”


 “I guarantee you that.”



***
Chapter 2220 - Blending of Black and White


***





 Chapter 2220: Blending of Black and White


 Li Xiao Bai followed several information path Gu Immortals, they carefully waited in ambush.


 “Xiao Bai, black and white heaven are fusing together now, the commotion is huge and the environment is dangerous. Later, when the hound groups fly over, you should focus on watching rather than taking action, do you understand?” A rank seven information path Gu Immortal instructed.


 Li Xiao Bai quickly nodded: “Yes, I will listen to the seniors.”


 He was acting obediently, without the arrogance of a great scholar, all the information path Gu Immortals here had a good impression of him.


 Li Xiao Bai had become a rank six long ago, he was an information path Gu Immortal. Because of his talent, he was also the most favored Gu Immortal junior in Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 These information path Gu Immortals came from Profound Literature grotto-heaven, they were at least second-grade officials in the grotto-heaven’s Imperial Court.


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven had a special system, Gu Immortals entered the Imperial Court and most of them held important positions and roles. After Li Xiao Bai became a Gu Immortal, he also started to work for the Imperial Court.


 The only exception was Old Immortal Hua Yu.


 He had rank eight cultivation level and stayed in the background, controlling the entire situation.


 “They’re here.” After a while, the Gu Immortal in charge of investigation spoke.


 The immortals quickly displayed several killer moves, they concealed themselves even more deeply.


 Soon, Li Xiao Bai saw a group of remnant heavenly dogs running towards them while stepping on air.


 These were all space path ancient desolate beasts, they ate space path Gu worms as food.


 “A total of three hundred and sixty-eight remnant heavenly dogs, and four heaven swallowing hounds.” Li Xiao Bai cultivated information path, he was most skilled at collecting information, after taking a glance at them, he noticed the size of this hound group.


 Remnant heavenly dogs were ancient desolate beasts, after they grew to an extent, they would become heaven swallowing hounds.


 Heaven swallowing hounds were immemorial desolate beasts that ate nine heavens fragments, grotto-heaven, and blessed lands as food. They had always been a huge threat to the two heavens’ grotto-heavens.


 As the dog group continued to approach, Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s Gu Immortals started to work together, they secretly used a killer move.


 This killer move had no commotion or sound, it spread out rapidly.


 Initially, the dog group had no change, but after more than ten breaths of time, three heaven swallowing hounds stopped and bared their fangs, looking in the same direction with expressions of vigilance.


 The final heaven swallowing hound also slowed down.


 The four heaven swallowing hounds barked at the same place for a while, afterwards, three of the heaven swallowing hounds brought most of the remnant heavenly dogs to move on another route, towards a different direction.


 The final heaven swallowing hound brought more than twenty remnant heavenly dogs as they continued on their original path.


 The Gu Immortals of Profound Literature grotto-heaven had been hiding all along, after the dog group left their field of vision, they showed themselves and sighed in relief.


 “Alright, it has been settled.”


 “Most of the hounds have been misled by us, they think that direction has sumptuous food, but there are soul beasts there instead.”


 “Haha, we have also used information path methods on those soul beasts, once the dog group goes there, they will think that the soul beasts are hiding an immortal aperture. They will kill each other without us taking action.”


 “The remaining heaven swallowing hound was not tricked by us, it likely has the protection of an Immortal Gu. But with this number that we lured over, Lord Hua Yu has enough to work with.”


 “Xiao Bai, did you see clearly? When your cultivation level rises to rank seven in the future, you need to complete such missions often as well. Our Profound Literature grotto-heaven cannot move and is placed in one spot in the sky, but we need to resolve lots of problems before they even occur.”


 Li Xiao Bai immediately answered: “I will work harder!”


 These Gu Immortals immediately moved along the direction that the heaven swallowing hound went earlier.


 This heaven swallowing hound brought a few remnant heavenly dogs with it, getting ambushed midway by the battlefield killer move that Old Immortal Hua Yu set up in advance.


 After a large battle, the heaven swallowing hound died. There was a wild Immortal Gu after all, but it was destroyed in the battle.


 There were some remaining remnant heavenly dogs that managed to survive, they escaped along the cracks of the battlefield killer move.


 They were space path beasts after all, running away was their expertise.


 But afterwards, they met with Li Xiao Bai’s group.


 After a few rounds of killer moves, these remnant heavenly dogs became minced corpses. Li Xiao Bai also took action, he used some immortal essence but did not play a big role.


 However, he showed an expression of excitement and lingering enthusiasm, the other information path Gu Immortals looked at him and had a deeper impression of him being a cute young junior.


 Old Immortal Hua Yu collected and stored the battlefield killer move as the immortals quickly greeted him.


 Old Immortal Hua Yu nodded and looked at everyone, when he saw Li Xiao Bai, he smiled at the latter.


 He liked this young junior a lot and appreciated his talent.


 In his heart, Li Xiao Bai had a good upbringing and was the most talented Gu Immortal in the last hundred years of Profound Literature grotto-heaven’s history, he was the future of the grotto-heaven.


 “Sigh! To think that Qi Sea Ancestor is actually a clone of Heaven Refining Demon Venerable!”


 “Fang Yuan is scheming and crafty, I was deceived by him completely. If not for Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven exposing the truth, I would continue to be used by him.”


 “What Great Love Immortal Venerable, such words can only deceive idiots.”


 “Sigh, I cannot trust any outsider. Only these Gu Immortals in front of me are trustworthy.”


 Qi Sea Ancestor had once personally helped Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 Thus, Old Immortal Hua Yu respected Qi Sea Ancestor greatly. After joining the Righteous Qi Alliance, he had been following Qi Sea Ancestor’s leadership enthusiastically.


 But now that Qi Sea Ancestor’s identity was exposed, all of that respect towards him turned into rage and humiliation!


 Old Immortal Hua Yu had surging emotions, but he kept calm on the surface and controlled the situation. While ordering the Gu Immortals to clean up the battlefield of all traces, he also sent them to search the area.


 They were all information path Gu Immortals, they soon cleared the battlefield of all noticeable traces or clues.


 Other than that, the investigative Gu Immortals also brought back some information —


 “The heavenly wind qi wall of the immemorial two heavens has mostly dissipated, the fusion of the two heavens will get more severe as time passes. Not only are the two heavens’ beasts fighting more frequently, the dao marks of the two heavens are also undergoing huge changes. Some are conflicting with each other while others are fusing together and creating greater effects, they cannot be separated.”


 In fact, the heavenly wind qi wall had started dissipating long ago. Now that the five regional walls were gone and qi tides swept the world, the two heavens’ fusion also reached the most intense moment.


 This resulted in the intense commotion.


 All the grotto-heavens that were in the two heavens were facing problems continuously throughout the period.


 Earlier, the dog group was a huge threat to Profound Literature grotto-heaven so it was dealt with in advance.


 But what worried Old Immortal Hua Yu and the other information path Gu Immortals was not just the trouble ahead of them, but also the bigger situation of the five regions and two heavens.


 After Fang Yuan returned, he publicly announced himself as Great Love Immortal Venerable and set up his Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


 Immediately, the two pseudo venerables, Lu Wei Yin and Shen Shang, brought the various super clans of Eastern Sea’s righteous path and submitted to Fang Yuan.


 Thus, the Righteous Qi Alliance and the variant human alliance jointly entered the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


 Old Immortal Hua Yu and the others ended up in an awkward position.


 Speaking of which, they were members of the Righteous Qi Alliance, as were Granny Skeleton and others. But all along, because their foundation was in the two heavens, they were vaguely ostracized by Eastern Sea’s super forces.


 But that was nothing originally.


 Old Immortal Hua Yu, Granny Skeleton, and the rest only needed to continue getting Qi Sea Ancestor’s support.


 But now, with the exposure of Qi Sea Ancestor’s identity as their greatest enemy, Fang Yuan’s clone, they had all along been trying to gain Fang Yuan’s favor!


 Old Immortal Hua Yu and Granny Skeleton could not help but feel stunned.


 Concurrently, the changes in the two heavens made them busy and tired as well.


 Right at this time, Fang Yuan announced himself as Great Love Immortal Venerable and made a declaration that shook the world, the five regions’ Gu Immortal world went into an uproar.


 Ever since Gu Yue Fang Yuan started cultivating, he had been ruthless and slaughtered countless innocents, he was clearly a demonic path member, how could he change his identity so easily with just some words?


 If changing one’s faction was so easy to achieve, what was the point of the righteous path?


 Old Immortal Hua Yu scoffed in his heart but he was clear of the truth.


 Fang Yuan’s declaration was a joke. But with his strength as a Demon Venerable, who would dare to laugh?


 Look at those Eastern Sea righteous path forces who submitted at the first second!


 Even if Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court made fun of his words, what could they do to Fang Yuan?


 “I cannot drag this on anymore.”


 “Fang Yuan has already taken in Eastern Sea’s righteous path, our two heavens’ forces cannot watch anymore.”


 “But should we join Fang Yuan, Heavenly Court, or Longevity Heaven?”


 Profound Literature grotto-heaven was not in the heaven of Central Continent or Northern Plains, this was the reason why Old Immortal Hua Yu joined the Righteous Qi Alliance earlier.


 Now, joining Fang Yuan was the most convenient outcome.


 Yet, they would not be able to preserve Profound Literature grotto-heaven.


 Why?


 Everyone knew that Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal aperture, the two heavens’ grotto-heavens were his targets to annex.


 Since they could not keep their homeland anyway, what was the point of joining Fang Yuan?


 And honestly speaking, Old Immortal Hua Yu really hated demons like Fang Yuan.


 Old Immortal Hua Yu started to think more broadly, there were many options in front of him.


 But which choice should he pick? It was a tough question!


 Longevity Heaven.


 At the most central area, there was Calamity Luck Altar.


 The four directions of Calamity Luck Altar had the Four Desolations.


 And around the Four Desolations, there were eight areas for the Eight Extremities.


 Above the Four Desolations was golden light that radiated and enveloped the place. Above the Eight Extremities was a spreading aura of green light.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already returned to Longevity Heaven for some time already.


 Whoosh.


 A soft sound echoed.


 The final few star path dao marks on Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s body went ablaze, they vanished completely.


 “My injuries are finally healed.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable let out a breath of air: “Next, I need to refine the luck path dao marks of the five regions and two heavens to regain my strength as a Dao Lord!”


 In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not use genuine venerable level strength in combat.


 Because they were in the void, there were no natural dao marks for them to refine.


 If there were, every action of a venerable would be amplified and strengthened by the natural dao marks, they would become very terrifying.


 This was like how Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had the amplification of countless soul path dao marks in the Door of Life and Death.


 But strictly speaking, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not considered a true Dao Lord, because he did not have his sanity.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already refined all of the luck path dao marks in the world back in his time. But after his death, these dao marks went back to the control of the Heavenly Dao.


 Thus, he had to refine them again before he could use them.



***
Chapter 2221 - Fang Yuan’s Principles


***





 Chapter 2221: Fang Yuan’s Principles 

 Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks were originally from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s immortal aperture, because it did not devour any nine heavens fragment, heaven’s will had not taken over it.


 As long as he fought in Longevity Heaven, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s strength would be even greater than Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in Crazed Demon Cave!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s own luck path dao marks could not match Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in number. But with the colossal number of dao marks in Longevity Heaven, he surpassed Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s main body.


 And most importantly, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was sane and clear-minded!


 “It is a pity that I cannot fuse this original immortal aperture into my current body.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not lack methods to move an immortal aperture.


 Once he fused with Longevity Heaven, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s strength would surge immensely. His luck path dao marks would greatly surpass and suppress Fang Yuan. By then, he could travel the five regions and two heavens without any worries!


 After all, Longevity Heaven was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s peak cultivation creation, it was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s foundation after passing three chaotic disasters.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had only passed one Heavenly Dao blockade, he had survived the chaos tribulation in Crazed Demon Cave, it could only be considered a small chaotic disaster.


 But right now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a reason why he could not absorb Longevity Heaven.


 Because he cultivated blood path now.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to use blood path as his main path and luck path as his specialty, his plan was to cultivate both paths.


 Since he had planned this for so long already, he naturally had a superb blood-luck dual cultivation method. But he did not have the sovereign immortal body, no matter what he did, conflicts of dao marks still existed.


 Right now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had only started cultivating blood path officially for a short time, he had many luck path dao marks but few blood path dao marks, this difference was already the limit. If he fused with Longevity Heaven now, he would gain a surge of luck path dao marks that would suppress blood path entirely, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s dual cultivation plan would fail.


 “Although I cannot regain Longevity Heaven now, in terms of refining natural dao marks, I have the biggest advantage, that is my immortal essence!”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had the largest immortal essence storage of the three venerables! Currently, he had a thousand yellow apricot immortal essence beads.


 Most of it was left behind in Longevity Heaven during his first life.


 He had an even larger quantity stored back then, but there was continuous expenditure as time passed, because Longevity Heaven could not produce any more immortal essence after Giant Sun’s demise, eventually, only less than ten percent of his immortal essence was left.


 “But this quantity is definitely the highest among everyone!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was confident about this.


 Because he knew that Heaven Refining Demon Venerable Fang Yuan had just advanced, his rank nine immortal essence storage was zero. As for rank eight immortal essence, he definitely had some but it was a small quantity as well.


 It was obvious.


 Ever since Fang Yuan’s rebirth, his cultivation level had risen rapidly, he had almost participated in all the major fights. He also refined so many Immortal Gu and made various Immortal Gu Houses, with such an investment, how could he have a lot of immortal essence left?


 And the thing that made Giant Sun Immortal Venerable most glad was that Fang Yuan got hit by his luck path killer move in Crazed Demon Cave — Fortune and Disaster Coexists.


 Even though Fang Yuan made use of this killer move to end up deceiving him, it was undeniable that the sovereign immortal aperture suffered huge losses in the end. Together with the small chaotic disaster, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable estimated that the sovereign immortal aperture was definitely in a pitiful state right now!


 This was Fang Yuan’s situation, but Star Constellation Immortal Venerable also could not have more immortal essence than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 The reason?


 The reason was quite simple.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s era was too long ago. Even if she left behind a large quantity of immortal essence, Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals would have expended them over the years.


 In fact, three Demon Venerables, Limitless Demon Venerable, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, and Red Lotus Demon Venerable, invaded Heavenly Court after Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s era.


 When Heavenly Court resisted the three Demon Venerables, could they have avoided the use of venerable methods which expended the immortal essence left by the venerable?


 “Regrettably, the two heavens are fusing and the heaven path dao marks are gathering with the change of environment, I had no choice but to retrieve Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace. Otherwise, my advantage would be even greater.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had no choice but to move Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace back.


 WIth Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace in immemorial black heaven, it could continue to arrange luck path dao marks and participate in the operations of heaven and earth, as well as the luck of living beings. It could allow the black heaven above Northern Plains to become Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s territory that he could manipulate.


 Back then, in the Reverse Flow River battle, Heavenly Court organized a group to head to Northern Plains, but they suffered a loss in immemorial black heaven. It was mostly the effect of Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace.


 Now, with the fusion of the two immemorial heavens, the luck path dao marks that Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace arranged in the past were affected by the change, they became chaotic and broken. If he forcefully protected these luck path dao marks and resisted the changes of the Heavenly Dao, the whole of Luck Suppression Heavenly Palace would be affected and face destruction.


 These days, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had been healing himself while observing the situation, he had a rather clear understanding of it now.


 In the five regions and two heavens, no matter how the environment changed, the battle between the venerables was the only thing that mattered.


 For Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, be it Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, they were both unprecedented enemies. In the short term, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not find a way to exterminate these two enemies, he could only try to weaken them while maintaining his advantage.


 The abundance of immortal essence was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s advantage.


 “If I use this advantage well, I will be able to refine the luck path dao marks of the world first. On this basis, if I fight against either of the two venerables, I will be able to gain the upper hand!”


 “Once I gain the upper hand, I will have to heavily cripple Heavenly Court or Fang Yuan. If I can’t do that, a lot of trouble will ensue.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable felt a sense of urgency internally.


 If he missed the opportunity of using this early period of advantage, as time passed, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would plot and scheme deeper as a wisdom path expert, she would get harder to deal with.


 There was another point, they had to guard against Star Constellation Immortal Venerable secretly reviving the other Immortal Venerables of Heavenly Court!


 This was the same for Fang Yuan too.


 Right now, his immortal essence storage was at its lowest, once it started to rise, with his refinement path ability, he would refine Immortal Gu on a large scale, his strength would rise greatly, far beyond now.


 “Refinement path venerable...” Thinking of Fang Yuan’s declaration as Great Love earlier, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not help but frown slightly.


 He could already predict that Fang Yuan’s strength would cause a huge impact on the Gu Immortal world.


 This strength was so colossal and unprecedented that even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not tell what the future would become because of Fang Yuan’s actions.


 After all, there had never been a refinement path venerable in history.


 Refinement path was different from the other paths.


 Gu cultivation had three major aspects, nurture, use, and refinement. Refinement path was one of these three aspects, this was a special trait that no other path had!


 Heavenly Court.


 “Cough, cough, cough.” In a tightly shut secret room, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable coughed out several mouthfuls of blood.


 The injuries from the battle in Crazed Demon Cave had not recovered yet.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable cultivated wisdom path and star path, she was not as skilled as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in terms of healing, who cultivated blood path.


 Gu Immortal injuries were usually very troublesome.


 Venerables were no exception to this.


 Heavenly Court did not lack outstanding healing methods, but for the case of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, very few were suitable.


 Because she had too many wisdom path and star path dao marks, healing methods of all other paths were barely usable. Human path was an exception but in the whole of Heavenly Court, there were no human path pseudo venerable experts. This was the lowest requirement to heal a venerable’s injuries.


 Thus, other than healing herself, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had no other methods.


 “I still have six hundred and seventy-one yellow apricot immortal essence beads.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned: “I did not have many to begin with, some were consumed during the battle in Crazed Demon Cave as well. I still have injuries on me, if I continue healing myself, yellow apricot immortal essence beads would be rapidly expended again. After that, I still need to refine Heavenly Court’s dao marks and the natural wisdom path dao marks of the world...”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable calculated precisely.


 She had sufficient immortal essence for now, but wisdom path experts calculated ten steps in advance, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was definitely deducing more than that.


 The immortal essence storage was not enough for her to refine the wisdom path dao marks of the outside world.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s situation was different from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 There were a large number of wisdom path dao marks in Heavenly Court, but they did not belong to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Because Heavenly Court had annexed nine heavens fragments, even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable contributed her own immortal aperture to this place, her original dao marks had all been assimilated and taken over by heaven’s will.


 Of course, during the process of refining dao marks in the outside world, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s current immortal aperture would still produce rank nine immortal essence continuously.


 But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt that this was an extremely dangerous situation! Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Heaven Refining Demon Venerable might attack at any time!


 Thus, the more immortal essence she had in her storage, the better.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable must have more immortal essence than me. As for Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, he is the weakest among us in this aspect.”


 “But he cannot be underestimated! This man is... very special.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thought of this as she revealed a complex expression.


 Fang Yuan’s earlier declaration of being Great Love Immortal Venerable shook the entire world.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was wary of Fang Yuan’s refinement path ability, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable focused on his nature.


 In the history of the ten venerables, Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable was noble and grand, Limitless Demon Venerable was a crazed Dao pursuer, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable enjoyed slaughter, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was wild, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable was indifferent, while Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was obsessed...


 But no matter what, each of these venerables had their own pride and arrogance in some way.


 But Heaven Refining Demon Venerable Fang Yuan?


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable squinted her eyes, she had never seen a venerable with such a nature. He simply did not know the limit of what the word ‘shameless’ was, he did not care about his ‘face’, he distorted truth and lies, even lying with a calm expression and deceiving with a righteous tone.


 What Great Love Immortal Venerable?!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was certain that this title was part of Fang Yuan’s current plan, it was a method to achieve his current goals. If it was said that anyone in the world could go from demonic to righteous, Fang Yuan was the least likely one among them all.


 If he felt the need to make a move, he would do it regardless of how many innocent lives would be sacrificed.


 By then, the declaration of Great Love Immortal Venerable and all related promises would be completely forgotten by him like a baseless fart.


 But if he felt that going back to the righteous path had benefits to be gained, he would make another similar declaration with no shame in his heart.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had finally understood Fang Yuan clearly now.


 “If I have to say that this person has a principle, then his principle is to have no bottom line.”


 “And if I say this person has a bottom line, then his bottom line is to have no principle!”


 This was simply a thoroughly shameless person.


 When Star Constellation Immortal Venerable felt a headache regarding him, this shameless fellow had already become venerable.


 And the thing that made it hard for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was that this shameless venerable had an incredibly deep understanding of the human heart, to the extent where he could predict their every thought.


 His actions were bound to create a huge wave in the Gu Immortal world before gathering countless people to his side!


 The temptation of Immortal Gu was too great!


 Even if they could not trust him now, some risk-taking Gu Immortals would still try their luck.


 Once Fang Yuan displayed sufficient sincerity, the entire five regions’ Gu Immortal world would fall into his palm.


 “Even Heavenly Court will not be spared from this...” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled bitterly.



***
Chapter 2222 - Fang Yuan’s First Public Deal


***





 Chapter 2222: Fang Yuan’s First Public Deal 

 Western Desert.


 The silent desert suddenly exploded as sand flew in the air, a huge mountain-like beast appeared from underground.


 This beast had the shape of a python, it had a crocodile head and six sharp eagle-like claws.


 Dragon crocodile!


 An immemorial dragon crocodile.


 The dragon crocodile roared, the sound waves spread widely, but there was a trace of fear and panic in its voice.


 The dragon crocodile had the ability to climb clouds and soar to the sky, after leaving the desert, it flew straight up.


 But midway, the dragon crocodile’s body shook suddenly as it spewed out a torrent of flames from its huge mouth.


 The dragon crocodile growled in pain as it fell to the ground, creating a huge sand wave as a result.


 After it struggled for a while, it gradually quietened down and stopped moving entirely.


 After a while, three Gu Immortals came out of its mouth.


 Two males and one female.


 They were from three super forces of Western Desert respectively, being Shi Kang, Zuo Qiu Yan Ming, and Tuoba Feng Yan.


 Shi Kang cultivated earth path while the other two cultivated fire path.


 It was a fact that the most common cultivation path among Western Desert’s Gu Immortals was fire path.


 “The final dragon crocodile is dead.”


 “According to our three clans’ agreement, this dragon crocodile belongs to Sister Yan Ming.”


 The only female here, Zuo Qiu Yan Ming, nodded as she opened her immortal aperture’s entrance, placing this immemorial dragon crocodile into it.


 She observed within her immortal aperture and showed a smile on her face: “This immemorial dragon crocodile’s corpse is good, many dao marks are preserved. It was all thanks to Brother Feng Yan’s plan that we killed it like this.”


 “I’m flattered.” Tuoba Feng Yan smiled: “If not for Brother Shi Kang’s method, we would not have been able to enter the dragon crocodile’s stomach and take this risk. The biggest credit goes to Brother Shi Kang.”


 “I’m flattered as well, this is our mutual effort.” Shi Kang smiled as he replied modestly.


 Dragon crocodiles lived in immemorial black heaven, but recently with the fusion of both heavens, their living habitat was badly affected, after a dragon crocodile group lost in a territorial fight, they had to escape from immemorial black heaven.


 They wandered along a route, passing Zuo Qiu, Tuoba, and Shi clans territories.


 These three clans negotiated and each sent a rank seven Gu Immortal expert to get rid of these dragon crocodiles that were in poor condition already.


 Shi Kang, Zuo Qiu Yan Ming, and Tuoba Feng Yan worked together, spending three days and nights to wipe out this dragon crocodile group.


 But right when they were about to return to their own clans, they received orders from their clans simultaneously.


 “Oh? Wan clan wants to gather the clans and attack Fang clan together?”


 “Hehe, so the first one that acts is Wan clan after all.”


 “Now it seems, because us three are the closest to Wan clan’s territory, they sent us this order together.”


 The three immortals discussed for a while before deciding to travel together.


 “Even though this is not far from Wan clan, we still need to rest and reorganize ourselves.”


 “Indeed, we need to treat our injuries first.”


 “The dragon crocodile corpses in the immortal apertures have to be dealt with too.”


 Shi Kang thought about it before smiling: “On this journey to Wan clan, we will pass by myriad ore desert. That resource point is guarded by my clan’s Shi Zhong, we can go there and rest.”


 For resting, the environment of the wilderness was definitely worse than a resource point.


 Every resource point had an immortal formation, it was safer too.


 Zuo Qiu Yan Ming and Tuoba Feng Yan looked at each other before turning to Shi Kang and nodding, the latter said: “Then we will trouble you this time.”


 Shi Kang laughed heartily: “Gladly!”


 Myriad ore desert was relatively flat and the surrounding view extended to the horizon, the ground was a cracked rocky terrain with no vegetation growing.


 But below the desert, there was a different world all together, a large amount of ores were gathered here, a hundred thousand rockmen were living here as miners, excavating all sorts of materials for Gu Immortals.


 But these rockmen were all mortals, they were Gu Masters at best. With limited strength, they could only excavate mortal ores.


 Thus, Shi clan sent a Gu Immortal to guard this place while simultaneously excavating immortal ores.


 This was a tough mission, normally speaking, a Gu Immortal sent here was someone who got ostracized by the clan.


 Shi Zhong was such an example.


 Shi Zhong’s father betrayed the clan and caused huge losses to them, not just in resources but also Gu Immortals’ lives.


 In order to gain trust, Shi Zhong changed his name to Shi Zhong[1] to express his loyalty to the clan. But that did not change anything.


 At this moment, Shi Zhong’s divine sense was moving about in treasure yellow heaven.


 In treasure yellow heaven, the most eye-catching thing now was that huge piece of Primordial Domain!


 “This is the legendary secluded domain of heaven and earth! In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sold this to Heaven Refining Demon Venerable Fang Yuan. If I can get a piece, how good would that be?”


 Shi Zhong felt incredibly envious.


 The reason why he knew about the origin of this Primordial Domain was because Fang Yuan had spread the news.


 The idea was simple, he wanted the world to know that even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made a transaction with him, what was there to fear?


 Of course, now that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was exposed as the creator of blood path and had also started cultivating it, he was labeled as a Demon Venerable by Heavenly Court.


 Above the Primordial Domain, there was a will.


 This will had a human-shaped form, he wore a white robe and had black hair, his facial features were peerless, it was Fang Yuan’s will.


 “Heaven Refining Demon Venerable...”


 “If I ask him to refine Gu, will I be able to obtain wealth Gu?”


 “No, that is too risky.”


 “Wealth Gu is my hope of rising up, how can I give the Gu recipe to Fang Yuan. If he succeeds in the refinement but does not give the Gu to me, I will be making a stupid mistake. There is nothing I can do to a venerable!”


 This thought only flashed in Shi Zhong’s mind for a second.


 Shi Zhong had obtained an incomplete Immortal Gu recipe of wealth Gu in his early days.


 Wealth Gu was a legendary Immortal Gu, if Shi Zhong could refine it, he would soon become incredibly wealthy and accumulate lots of cultivation resources, breaking free from the clan’s restraints.


 In order to refine wealth Gu, Shi Zhong had secretly used humans to refine Gu. If such a demonic act was exposed, he would be in huge trouble.


 Even though he took such a huge risk, he had tried to refine it for over a hundred times but all his attempts ended in failure. He was still far from success.


 Shi Zhong had naturally heard Fang Yuan’s declaration, but he did not dare to risk it.


 Wealth Gu was all the hope he had!


 “Oh? Gu Immortals are getting closer.” Right at this time, the immortal formation suddenly alerted.


 Shi Zhong’s expression changed, he immediately went out of treasure yellow heaven and controlled the immortal formation.


 At this time, Shi Kang was leading the other two immortals as they stayed in the sky, at the edge of the formation, without entering deeply as they waited.


 After Shi Zhong contacted them and verified their identity, he learned of their intention.


 “I am so glad that Brother Shi Kang came here. Please, everyone, come in!” Shi Zhong showed sufficient enthusiasm.


 The three immortals entered the immortal formation and rested for a while, Shi Zhong held a small banquet and invited them to join.


 He even specially gave the main seat to Shi Kang.


 After Shi Kang rejected it a few times, he sat down on the main seat.


 As the other two immortals saw this situation, they thought of a rumor and understood why.


 Compared to Shi Zhong, Shi Kang was a popular person in Shi clan. Not long ago, he had defeated everyone else and obtained Sand Heap blessed land.


 On this trip, after killing the dragon crocodiles, Shi Kang did not need to hand them over to the clan, he sold many of them in treasure yellow heaven directly.


 Seeing such a treatment, Zuo Qiu Yan Ming and Tuoba Feng Yan felt very envious.


 “This time, Wan clan is leading everyone and gathering Wan clan’s forces to attack Fang clan, what do both of you think?” After some drinking, Shi Kang asked.


 Zuo Qiu Yan Ming said: “Wan clan and Fang clan have deep grudges, it is not strange that they are leading this. Since they are using a proper reason, there is no issue with their action. But I think that Wan clan’s decision now will cause problems in the future.”


 “That’s right, I hold the same view.” Tuoba Feng Yan put down his glass: “Firstly, with the disappearance of the five regional walls, Western Desert has several clans by the borders of the regions, it is difficult to get them to make a bold move.”


 “Secondly, Fang clan is not weak, their first supreme elder has rank eight cultivation level and they most excel in Immortal Gu Houses!”


 “Thirdly, Fang clan has a good relationship with many clans. During the fate war, they had led everyone in the fight, causing their reputation to rise greatly!”


 “And fourthly, which is the most important reason. The reason why we are targeting Fang clan is because of their trading with Fang Yuan, but this is also our fear. Who knows what their exact relationship with Fang Yuan is?”


 Shi Kang nodded continuously, sighing: “Brother Tuoba’s analysis is sound and clear, I agree completely.”


 Shi Zhong did not speak, he was in deep thought.


 Tuoba Feng Yan’s analysis was simple and Shi Kang knew it as well, but he had to ask this.


 Because Shi Kang represented Shi clan, he had to talk with Zuo Qiu Yan Ming and Tuoba Feng Yan to see what their clan’s intentions were as well.


 Now that he knew their views were aligned with Shi clan, Shi Kang felt more relaxed.


 “Come, drink wine, drink wine.” Shi Kang raised his cup and smiled warmly.


 After the meal, the three immortals thanked Shi Zhong before setting off for Wan clan.


 Shi Zhong stored away the cups, he had a heavy mood.


 Shi Kang’s treatment by the clan was too good, it was simply the opposite of him.


 Earlier, when Shi Kang was in closed cultivation, the clan provided him all the resources he needed. After Shi Kang took Sand Heap blessed land, the clan rewarded him immediately! The dragon crocodiles he killed were all kept as his property, it was a lucrative job. As for the journey to Wan clan, there were no risks and the outcome was basically decided, he would be welcomed by Wan clan. Instead of a mission, it was like a reward.


 “Sigh, my hope still lies in wealth Gu. When can I refine this Gu successfully.”


 “Heaven Refining Demon Venerable... no, I will not ask for anyone’s help. The risk is too big.”


 Even though Shi Zhong set such a determined goal, after a hundred failures in refining the Gu, he had already started to feel dejected.


 His intuition vaguely told him that with his strength alone, the chance of refining wealth Gu was slim!


 Thus, unknowingly, he entered yellow heaven again with his divine sense.


 Within treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan’s will suddenly opened his eyes as he spoke in a grand tone: “This rank seven movement Immortal Gu, capture wind Gu, has been refined as per the request of Southern Border’s Wu Yong, we will make the transaction now.”


 “What?” Shi Zhong was shocked.


 At this moment, every Gu Immortal who was inside treasure yellow heaven gasped.


 Under everyone’s gaze, Wu Yong’s will got close to Fang Yuan’s will, the latter tossed rank seven capture wind Gu to Wu Yong’s will.


 Wu Yong’s will nodded and said nothing, he left treasure yellow heaven with the new Immortal Gu.


 “Someone actually made a transaction with Fang Yuan! And it is actually Southern Border’s Wu Yong.” Shi Zhong had a dazed expression.


 [1] Zhong means loyalty



***
Chapter 2223 - Fang Yuan’s Protection


***





 Chapter 2223: Fang Yuan’s Protection 

 Southern Border.


 Wu Yi Mountain.


 Wu clan’s blessed land headquarters.


 Wu clan’s Gu Immortals were gathered, Wu Yong sat at the main seat. Most of the Gu Immortals here were present, only a few individuals had no way of coming and sent their wills instead.


 “These last days, we have received letters from Ba clan, Tie clan, Luo clan, Hou clan, and the others. Take a look at them.” Wu Yong waved his hand, more than ten information path Gu worms flew out.


 As Wu clan’s Gu Immortals looked through them, their expressions turned grim and dark.


 The contents of these information path Gu worms, to put it mildly, were empty of value. They were merely using a righteous tone to condemn and question Wu Yong as to why he would make a deal with a demon like Fang Yuan! Some of them even threatened to withdraw from the Southern Alliance, arguing that Wu Yong was not qualified to take up the role of the alliance leader, they demanded that the alliance leader should be replaced by a more capable person.


 “These fellows...”


 “Hmph, they are shameless!”


 “I can’t stand this, there are many super clans involved here, most of them have once worked together with Lu Wei Yin right? Back then, Lu Wei Yin and Fang Yuan cooperated to kill Spectral Soul and escaped from Heavenly Court’s pursuit. Now, they have the nerve to come and reprimand us?”


 “They want to change the alliance leader? Hehe, in the whole of Southern Border’s Gu Immortal world, is there anyone more suitable than Lord Wu Yong?!”


 Wu clan’s Gu Immortals discussed among themselves, speaking in an angry tone.


 Wu Yong did not speak, he drank tea calmly as he listened to the immortals’ conversations.


 The immortals got louder and more riled up, their tone became agitated and they wanted to exact revenge on those clans.


 Wu Yong put down his cup at this point, raising his hand slightly.


 The immortals saw this and immediately kept quiet, many of the Wu clan Gu Immortals who had stood up uncontrollably in anger quickly sat down.


 Wu Yong’s gaze swept across everyone as the hall fell into silence.


 “This is my Wu clan.” Wu clan was expressionless but he was incredibly pleased internally.


 Ever since he took charge of Wu clan, he had been leading them through crises, they experienced many battles and even chased after Fang Yuan. Most importantly, Wu Yong had incredible political skills, he gained the loyalty of the whole of Wu clan.


 Among them, there were not just the original Wu clan Gu Immortals, but also the new lone immortal external elders, and the newly advanced rank six Gu Immortals of recent times.


 In the earlier discussion, these people did not raise any objection or suggestion towards Wu Yong’s decision and method.


 This showed how much prestige Wu Yong had in his clan!


 “Supreme elder Ba Chong, explain the situation to everyone.” Wu Yong said plainly.


 “Yes.” As the second supreme elder, Wu Ba Chong stood up and said to the present Gu Immortals: “Days ago, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, no, I mean Great Love Immortal Venerable, personally sent us a message, he contacted first supreme elder and insisted for him to undergo a public transaction. Thinking of Wu clan, which cannot block Fang Yuan’s rage, first supreme elder had to endure the humiliation and agree to Fang Yuan’s request.”


 Wu clan’s immortals looked at each other.


 Some had a change of expression, some clenched their fists, while some gritted their teeth, they could feel the immense pressure from Fang Yuan just by hearing this account.


 Fang Yuan acted in an unrestrained manner, in this situation, it was logical for Wu Yong to be forced into such a transaction.


 But at the next moment, Wu Yong laughed loudly: “Oh Ba Chong, no need to say this to them. We are all one family, I will tell you the straightforward truth.”


 The immortals tensed up and focused.


 Bright light shined in Wu Yong’s eyes: “This is not my first transaction with Fang Yuan. Before this, we have already done several secret transactions, Fang Yuan’s evidence is not fake.”


 Saying so, Wu Yong paused for a second.


 Seeing that the hall was silent and that every Gu Immortal still looked at him with a heated gaze, Wu Yong nodded in satisfaction, continuing: “The reason for this is very simple. Firstly, be it the previous Fang Yuan or the current venerable Fang Yuan, he is an existence that we cannot provoke. Secondly, making transactions with Fang Yuan benefited us greatly!”


 “Our Wu clan gained several new Immortal Gu recently, they were all Fang Yuan’s creations. If we had to refine them ourselves, we would have spent many times the immortal materials without any success.”


 Wu clan’s immortals were silent.


 Wu Yong looked around and went past Wu Ba Chong, his gaze ending up on Wu Qiao.


 Wu Qiao shuddered and instantly stood up, speaking in a shivering voice: “But, but... now that these super forces are reprimanding us, how should we deal with it?”


 Wu Yong smiled as he nodded at Wu Qiao: “Good question.”


 Saying so, he extended his hand, all of the information path mortal Gu flew back to him.


 Wu Yong blew lightly, a slight breeze went in the air, destroying all of the information path mortal Gu immediately.


 “These so-called accusations are completely useless.” Wu Yong snickered coldly: “Will they dare to attack us?”


 The immortals were stunned.


 Wu Yong leaned back on his chair, he was high and mighty as his gaze swept down on everyone: “Do you still not understand? Everyone — times have changed!”


 “The fate war, the pursuit battle against Fang Yuan, and the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, after all these, Heavenly Court’s foundation has already been expended. Even though Star Constellation Immortal Venerable revived, she had no choice but to announce that the other two venerables were of the demonic path!”


 “But both Giant Sun and Fang Yuan are also claiming themselves to be Immortal Venerables, they do not agree with the Demon Venerable title.”


 “What is immortal? What is demonic?”


 “What is righteous path? What is demonic path?”


 The immortals were all shaken.


 Wu Yong laughed: “With the conflict of three venerables now, the five regions and two heavens will enter an unprecedented great era! If we still use our former judgment to differentiate righteous and demonic, we will only be devoured by the terrifying tides of the new era!”


 “Didn’t you see how Fang Yuan spent no effort to recruit the entire Righteous Qi Alliance? Our Southern Alliance, against these venerables, is completely useless and powerless. It is impossible to lead a group of sheep to defeat a fierce tiger. Furthermore, against these venerables, we are not even considered sheep.”


 “The only thing that can fight a venerable is a venerable!”


 “Us pitiful worms need to survive between the cracks of the venerables. We need to work hard and absorb more nutrients to strengthen ourselves, if we can gain the pity of destiny, we might have a chance of survival.”


 “Give up the so-called pride of the righteous path, break free from the restraints of cheap morals and virtues, abandon your superiority complex as a Gu Immortal, these are all superficial and worthless things. Like the information path mortal Gu I destroyed earlier, a venerable can kill all of us Gu Immortals with just a simple breath as well.”


 Finally, Wu Yong raised his volume and said solemnly: “Work your very best, spend every minute and second of your life to fight for survival in this terrifying great era!”


 “Yes, we have learned much from first supreme elder’s wise words!” Wu Ba Chong, Wu Qiao, and the other Wu clan Gu Immortals stood up and replied solemnly.


 Western Desert.


 Wan clan headquarters.


 A banquet had just ended, in the main hall with many used cups, there were only several Wan clan Gu Immortals left.


 Rank six Gu Immortal Wan Zhui Qing smashed the cup in his hand on the ground in anger.


 “These hypocritical and vicious clans, they are a disgrace to Western Desert! Don’t they have the glory and resolution of the righteous path?!” Wan Zhui Qing shouted in anger, his face was flushed red.


 “Zhui Qing.” Wan Xiao frowned slightly.


 “Am I wrong?” Wan Zhui Qing was still furious: “These last days, we held a small banquet every three days and a large banquet every five days, but what about these Gu Immortals? They are all giving vague replies and refuse to give definite answers!”


 “Zhui Qing!” Wan Xiao shouted.


 “Forget it, forget it.” At this time, Wan clan’s first supreme elder left his seat with a solemn expression, but his back seemed to be bent and weak.


 The remaining Wan clan Gu Immortals fell into deep silence.


 Outside Wan clan’s headquarters, Tang Fang Ming and Tang Miao flew in the sky while looking at the stars, they were very relaxed.


 “Occasionally coming out to relax is a good decision, brother.” Tang Miao smiled.


 Tang Fang Ming nodded, having the same feeling.


 He was the rank seven Gu Immortal expert in Tang clan who received the most support, but different from Shi Kang, the reason why Tang Fang Ming was supported and placed great importance upon was because he had extraordinary talent and aptitude in dream path exploration.


 This time, they went to Wan clan because Tang Fang Ming’s beloved sister Tang Miao wanted to go sightseeing.


 “Brother, Wan clan attended to us really nicely, they are very determined to deal with Fang clan as well. After negotiating with the various clans these days, Wan clan has already relented multiple times. When do you think the alliance army will be formed?” Tang Miao asked.


 Tang Fang Ming smiled coldly: “The alliance army against Fang clan is not going to be created.”


 “What, why?”


 “Let’s take an example.” Tang Fang Ming sighed, “Currently, the five regions and two heavens is like a forest with three fierce tigers that are exceptionally scary.”


 Tang Miao’s eyes lit up: “Brother, you mean the three venerables?”


 Tang Fang Ming nodded: “Other than these three fierce beasts, there are many birds, rabbits, and fish. Right now, a small bird called Wan wants to deal with a small rabbit called Fang. The bird knows it cannot win alone so it gathered other birds and rabbits to try to pay a high price, in order to bully the individual.”


 “However, the rabbit named Fang is currently leaning on a fierce beast. Nobody knows if the fierce beast will get angered if they touch this rabbit. If the fierce beast moves, no matter how many animals the bird named Wan gathers, they will all become food for the fierce beast.”


 Tang Miao was somewhat surprised: “Brother, you mean to say that this is the reason why these super forces cannot form an alliance army?”


 Tang Fang Ming nodded again with a solemn expression: “No matter how harmonious the banquet is, or how intense the negotiation between Wan clan and the others get, they are all superficial in nature. The truth is that these animals are shivering in fear and deeply alert regarding the beasts. If any of them move in the forest, none of the animals can stop them.”


 Tang Miao took in a deep breath: “Thankfully, our Tang clan has been in contact with Lord Fang Yuan since long ago, we have undergone countless transactions. In my opinion, since Southern Border’s alliance leader Wu Yong made a transaction with Fang Yuan publicly, our Tang clan can also...”


 “Absolutely not!” Tang Fang Ming said: “Every action by Lord Fang Yuan contains deep meaning. The reason why he exposed evidence earlier and showed the transactions with many forces and Gu Immortals, without mentioning our Tang clan, is because he is protecting us!”


 “Our Tang clan cannot compare with Southern Border’s Wu clan, or even Fang clan, we are a weak force in Western Desert, because of our territorial location, we would be easily ganged up on and attacked.”


 “At this time, we cannot cause any commotion or raise attention to ourselves. We should only continue to work with Lord Fang Yuan in secret, we cannot waste his efforts.”


 “Of course, the information of Wan clan gathering the forces can be sold to Fang clan as a favor from us.”


 “Fang clan and Lord Fang Yuan have many transactions, from this angle, they are our natural ally.”


 Tang Fang Ming spoke frankly, but he had a clear view of the situation, Tang Miao listened with shining eyes, gaining realization as well.


 But at this time, Tang Fang Ming’s expression changed slightly.


 “Brother, what’s wrong?”


 “Gu Immortals are transacting with Fang Yuan again in treasure yellow heaven, there are three people this time! Among which, two are from Northern Plains and Central Continent.” Tang Fang Ming replied quickly with a flash of excitement in his eyes.



***
Chapter 2224 - Power of a Refinement Path Venerable


***





 Chapter 2224: Power of a Refinement Path Venerable 

 A lump of fire was burning quietly in Fang Yuan’s hand.


 The fire was only the size of an infant’s fist, its color changed constantly. If a refinement path expert saw it, they would shout out in shock.


 Because the change in the color of the flame was only the superficial appearance, the essence was something different.


 For example, red flame meant fire refinement. When it was white, that was light refinement. When it was icy blue, that was ice refinement...


 Fang Yuan clenched his fist lightly, the flame disappeared instantly.


 Fang Yuan kept silent as he fell into deep contemplation.


 A long while later, he blinked his eyes and retracted all of his scattered thoughts.


 During this period of time, he had been personally refining Immortal Gu and did not activate Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool at all. He refined more than ten Immortal Gu that were mostly rank six and seven, it was not an accomplishment for someone like Fang Yuan.


 But in this process, Fang Yuan gained a considerable harvest.


 His current refinement path attainment level was at supreme grandmaster! Any Gu refinement method was very easily discerned by him, he could understand their full profundity. No Gu recipes had hidden secrets in the eyes of Fang Yuan.


 Right now, Fang Yuan could modify most recipes with a single attempt. Even for the more profound Immortal Gu recipes that needed some time to modify and expended a lot of effort to deduce appropriate immortal materials, by simply using Fang Yuan’s refinement path intuition, he could just take a look to understand the exact direction that the Immortal Gu recipe should go in.


 Fang Yuan tried many times, his attempts confirmed that this intuition gave correct answers with certainty!


 This was the same for modifying refinement path killer moves and Gu refinement methods. Once, when Fang Yuan was refining Gu, he had an inspiration and thought of a new Gu refinement method, he succeeded on the first try!


 When he personally refined Gu, Fang Yuan could feel a sense of control.


 This sense of control greatly raised the success rate of refining Immortal Gu. When he refined the various Immortal Gu, when he got to a certain point of the refinement process, Fang Yuan would have a feeling that success was guaranteed.


 Even if the Gu refinement was going to fail, Fang Yuan still had the sense of control. He could predict the failure of the Gu refinement in advance.


 After all, even a refinement path venerable could fail when refining Immortal Gu.


 On one hand, it was the refinement method. If any human error occurred, failure was guaranteed.


 On the other hand, the various paths still had their own constraints. For example, refining fire path Immortal Gu would need a large amount of fire path immortal materials. Fang Yuan’s control over the fire path immortal material would be much lower naturally since his fire path attainment level was way inferior to refinement path.


 “But when I try to refine refinement path Immortal Gu, the success rate is basically a hundred percent. Of course, I have not tried to refine rank nine refinement path Immortal Gu yet.”


 Fang Yuan had already confirmed this point.


 Refinement path Immortal Gu would use a large amount of refinement path immortal materials, Fang Yuan’s control over these refinement path immortal materials was a hundred percent!


 On this point, be they Old Eccentric Tian Nan, Old Immortal Kong Jue, or Long Hair Ancestor, they could not compare to Fang Yuan.


 Because Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, he could refine the natural refinement path dao marks of the outside world.


 Refinement path immortal materials contained refinement path dao marks, they were also subjected to this. Thus, Fang Yuan had perfect control over these immortal materials.


 Thus, as long as there were no errors in the refinement method, with few immortal materials from other paths, the refinement path Immortal Gu’s refinement would have a success rate that was infinitely close to a hundred percent!


 In terms of Gu refinement success rate, Fang Yuan had already surpassed Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 This was under the condition that he had little practice and was not proficient in many refinement path methods and killer moves yet.


 Even though Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable now, he still had a long way to improve in terms of refinement path.


 “Other than practicing more and gaining experience, in the future, when my other paths’ attainment levels rise, my success rate in refining Immortal Gu of those paths will also rise rapidly as well!”


 “It is a pity that I cannot retrieve the Primordial Domain in treasure yellow heaven yet.”


 Fang Yuan did not have a way to retrieve the Primordial Domain, thus, he kept the Primordial Domain that he obtained from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in treasure yellow heaven, he continued to pay the fee for storing it there.


 Thinking of treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan recalled the three Gu Immortals that transacted with him earlier.


 These three came from Southern Border, Central Continent, and Northern Plains.


 They had open transactions that used their real names, thus the five regions’ Gu Immortals learned of the details.


 The Southern Border Gu Immortal was a member from Qiao clan, which was Wu clan’s vassal, the open transaction between Qiao clan’s Gu Immortal and Fang Yuan was likely instructed by Wu Yong to alleviate the political pressure on Wu clan.


 Other than that, there was the lone immortal from Northern Plains and demonic immortal from Central Continent.


 The truth was, after Wu Yong’s transaction, there were many Gu Immortals who wanted to secretly contact Fang Yuan for Immortal Gu refinement.


 But Fang Yuan’s rule was that the transaction had to be openly done, thus, many Gu Immortals hesitated.


 Only a few Gu Immortals, because of their own nature or external pressure, accepted Fang Yuan’s rule of an open transaction.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan chose these two people.


 They did not have high cultivation level, they were rank six Gu Immortals that were at the bottom of the Gu Immortal world.


 Maybe it was because of their identity at the bottom, these two were more inclined to take risks and try to change their current situation.


 It was like how poor people often disregarded their lives, while rich people were cautious and scared of dying.


 Of course, these two people were no longer in Northern Plains and Central Continent.


 Nobody knew what Heavenly Court’s and Longevity Heaven’s reactions would be after they made a transaction with Fang Yuan. These two Gu Immortals were not stupid, they escaped to another region immediately.


 In the past, this action would have many drawbacks.


 But with the dissipation of the regional walls and the unification of the five regions, as well as the movement of qi tides, the heaven and earth qi of the five regions became the same, there were no longer differences.


 Thus, no matter which region a Gu Immortal went to, they would not be restricted by heaven and earth qi.


 “The following period is crucial.” Fang Yuan did not know what the reactions of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would be, he was anticipating them with alertness and wariness.


 According to his deductions, there were four possible reactions from the two venerables.


 First, they could send subordinates to kill these two rank six Gu Immortals. This was easy, Fang Yuan purposely chose them back then because they were weak.


 If these two died at the hands of Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court, Fang Yuan would be very happy.


 Second, the two venerables cooperate to attack Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was very wary against this situation, but he wanted to see this as well.


 Third, the two venerables target treasure yellow heaven instead.


 This situation would be the same as crippling the foundation of Fang Yuan’s Great Love Gu refinement plan.


 But the possibility was too slim, ever since treasure yellow heaven appeared, it had existed until now. During this time, Heavenly Court, Longevity Heaven, Shadow Sect, and other geniuses and outstanding experts wanted to find treasure yellow heaven, but they all failed.


 Even now, Fang Yuan did not know where treasure yellow heaven was.


 It was truly an extremely mysterious existence.


 Fourth, which was the most likely situation that the two venerables would choose, was to ignore Fang Yuan’s Gu refinement business since they could not stop it anyway. They would target other aspects, like elevating their cultivation and forces, to try and use other advantages against Fang Yuan’s Great Love Gu refinement plan.


 “The truth is, ever since we left Crazed Demon Cave, the contest between me, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already begun. Whoever can develop the best will have the greatest advantage in our upcoming fights.”


 “Advantages may not become victory in the end, but as advantages accumulate, the eventual outcome will be affected for sure.”


 Fang Yuan had a clear recognition of his standing among the three venerables.


 Recalling the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan was aware that he could win because he had the most accurate combat tactics.


 Because Fang Yuan only showed pseudo venerable battle strength, and because the venerables had been using him as a pawn all along, they did not think much of him subconsciously.


 Be they Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, they treated each other as the greatest threat.


 This gave Fang Yuan a lot of room to maneuver.


 But venerables were not so easily deceived.


 Thus, Fang Yuan purposely exposed his ambition in refinement path, causing the two venerables to find out that he was trying to become venerable through refinement path.


 After that, when he had sufficient accumulation in refinement path attainment level, he purposely gave up the fight over Primordial Domain in front of the two venerables.


 With the refinement path portion of Primordial Domain destroyed, both venerables knew that Fang Yuan could not become venerable in the short term, they let their guard down against him.


 On this basis, Fang Yuan continued to expose his weakness.


 For example, Zhan Bu Du had been extremely high-profile in the few fights he was in, it caused a huge headache for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Thus, Fang Yuan purposely let him die at Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s hands.


 Or for example, reverse flow protection seal, Peaceful Soil Heavy Mountain Fortress, and other methods that the venerables knew about.


 Fang Yuan purposely used up these methods so that the venerables would be even less on guard against him.


 Fang Yuan had even planned to sacrifice the Qi Sea clone purposely.


 But even at that extent, the two venerables were still not assured about Fang Yuan, at certain times, they worked together to try to eliminate him first.


 That was the most dangerous moment for Fang Yuan.


 He had both internal and external threats, his life was hanging on a thread in many situations. After all, Spring Autumn Cicada could not be used.


 Thankfully, Fang Yuan got through those ordeals and finally saw the light of day at the end of the tunnel.


 The two venerables consumed each other’s strength, while Limitless Demon Venerable’s appearance and Paradise Earth’s venerable ascension attempt caused the two venerables’ attention to be shifted to them.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan took a chance to kill Paradise Earth and repel the two venerables, becoming the greatest winner in this battle in Crazed Demon Cave.


 Other than the proper combat tactics, the most important criteria for victory was that Fang Yuan had made all sorts of preparations before the battle started.


 Fang Yuan obtained ability Gu and fortitude Gu, they were extremely useful in Crazed Demon Cave.


 Fang Yuan raised the cultivation level of his subordinates, allowing White Rabbit and Miao Yin to fight against Duke Mei and Duke Tong.


 Fang Yuan deduced and modified many killer moves like Dang Hun Luo Po Seal, road of life, several hundred totem killer moves, heaven envies heroic geniuses, and countless compound killer moves.


 Fang Yuan even created the artificial earth vein and defensive food path methods, he also prepared dream path killer moves.


 Most of them were used in Crazed Demon Cave, if he had not made ample preparation, even if Fang Yuan had the proper tactics, he could not last until the end.


 “I became a refinement path venerable and gained the most benefits in the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable are placing a huge focus on me now.”


 “I need to do everything to raise my strength and develop further, that is how I can accumulate my advantage in the contest of three venerables.”


 The results of development now would be the crucial factors affecting the victory of the contest of three venerables in the future!



***
Chapter 2225 - Enemies On One Hand, Cooperation On The Other Northern Plains.


***





 Chapter 2225: Enemies On One Hand, Cooperation On The Other 

 Northern Plains. 

 Longevity Heaven.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable held onto an information path mortal Gu as he thought to himself and sighed with a calm expression: “To think that as a venerable, I will actually be unable to do anything against a mere Northern Plains rank six lone immortal.”


 With Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s temper and nature, Gu Immortals publicly transacting with Fang Yuan were simply provoking him!


 In the past, such a Gu Immortal would have already died countless times.


 The pride of a venerable was not to be trampled.


 But now...


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable summoned one of the Eight Extremities and said: “Go, secretly transmit to the Huang Jin tribes to try to recruit this person. Whoever succeeds will receive my special reward.”


 “Yes.” The member of the Eight Extremities answered and left respectfully.


 At this time, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not make any statements personally, it would be disadvantageous to him and Longevity Heaven.


 But he could let the Huang Jin tribes take action.


 This was the political skill of an experienced ruler.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable knew that Fang Yuan’s Great Love Gu refinement plan could not be stopped. It was an open scheme that everyone could see, but the desires of Gu Immortals could not be suppressed.


 If Giant Sun Immortal Venerable tried to stop it, or if he ordered people to kill this Northern Plains lone immortal, he would lose the hearts of the people in Longevity Heaven.


 He might be able to suppress it for a while, but the more he stifled it, the deeper this discontent would accumulate, and when it erupts in the future, a huge problem would occur in Longevity Heaven.


 Eventually, the result would be simple —


 Northern Plains’ lone immortals and demonic cultivators would find Fang Yuan for public transactions. After that, they would leave and escape to the other regions. Most likely, they would go to Eastern Sea, which was under Fang Yuan’s control.


 That was the same as Fang Yuan using Immortal Gu to lure these lone immortals and demonic cultivators of Northern Plains to Eastern Sea, strengthening his own Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would not fall for such an open scheme.


 “Fang Yuan is too arrogant, he does not have enough immortal essence but he dares to publicly provoke us, hmph, we need to retaliate!”


 If the battle in Crazed Demon Cave let Giant Sun Immortal Venerable learn of Fang Yuan’s battle strength, then currently, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable learned of Fang Yuan’s shrewd and ruthless political skills.


 Thinking about it, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable took out an information path Immortal Gu from his immortal aperture.


 The information path Immortal Gu quickly flew towards Central Continent.


 Central Continent, Heavenly Court.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was also thinking of a way to deal with Fang Yuan’s method.


 She called for He Feng Yang and personally talked to him before giving him a mission.


 When He Feng Yang left Heavenly Court, he was still in a confused state.


 The mission that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave him was to publicly transact with Fang Yuan and refine a new Immortal Gu!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s countermeasure was even more simple than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s.


 Since Fang Yuan declared that he would show his great love to the world, refining Gu for enemies and allies alike, Heavenly Court would use this to their advantage. It was a fact that they could not stop his scheme, thus, making use of it to gain benefits was a wise choice.


 Of course, Heavenly Court and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would not make transactions with Fang Yuan openly, this was still not acceptable. After all, they had denounced Fang Yuan as a Demon Venerable earlier.


 As for the transaction between Fang Yuan and He Feng Yang, be it success or failure, Heavenly Court would stay indifferent towards it, showing a political attitude that they would not care about the actions of the ten great ancient sects in this aspect.


 This way, the ten great ancient sects would get involved and obtain many Immortal Gu, that would raise the strength of Central Continent as a whole.


 If Fang Yuan were to reject them or state an absurd price, it would go against his earlier declaration, causing him to lose his credibility.


 Weakening Fang Yuan’s credibility was also a sort of victory for Heavenly Court.


 Qin Ding Ling appeared with two information path Immortal Gu.


 “Oh?” After Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took a look at them, she fell into contemplation.


 The first one came from Southern Border’s Wu clan.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked into it, Southern Alliance Leader Wu Yong, the first supreme elder of Wu clan, wanted to have an open transaction with Heavenly Court.


 Wu Yong seemed to have forgotten that he had led the Southern Alliance to oppose Heavenly Court during the fate war!


 A hint of appreciation flashed past Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes.


 “This Wu Yong is truly remarkable.”


 “Earlier, he had transactions with Fang Yuan, now, he wants to transact with Heavenly Court too.”


 “His ambitions are not small...”


 “But it is good too, agreeing to this will benefit Heavenly Court.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made a decision to hold transactions with Wu Yong immediately.


 On one hand, she was showing her attitude that she was tolerant towards any transaction with Fang Yuan.


 On the other hand, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was also trying to pull Wu Yong to her side. Fang Yuan and Wu Yong were very close now, if she rejected him, he might likely join his side.


 This was not something Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to see.


 As for the second information path Immortal Gu, it came from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 The content was simple, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted to cooperate with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to take action against Fang Yuan together.


 Of course, they were not going to ally without any basis.


 After all, during the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had cooperated to a certain extent against Fang Yuan, who became venerable.


 The battle in Crazed Demon Cave had just ended, the venerables had not gotten much stronger since.


 If the two venerables joined hands against Fang Yuan now, they would only be asking for humiliation, it would not end well.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s idea was to continuously use luck path methods to survey Eastern Sea and investigate Heaven Refining Demon Venerable. If Fang Yuan made any attempt to refine rank nine Immortal Gu, a huge fluctuation in his luck would be observable, by then, they would use the chance to deal with him!


 Right now, Fang Yuan was very strong, both Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would be repelled by him, but his advantage was not big enough, so the two venerables were still quite calm.


 However, once he refines a rank nine Immortal Gu, he would have to expend a huge amount of immortal essence. Especially during the crucial moments of Gu refinement, if the two venerables find a chance to attack Fang Yuan’s major flaw, he would be at his weakest.


 If Fang Yuan fails the Gu refinement, he would suffer a terrifying backlash as well.


 After all, the refinement of a rank nine Immortal Gu was extremely significant!


 Regarding Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s suggestion, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable agreed without second thought.


 The truth was, she had her own set of investigative methods to spy on Eastern Sea as well, she was guarded against Fang Yuan, who could be refining rank nine Immortal Gu at any time.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable placed great focus on Fang Yuan’s refinement path attainment.


 The contest of three venerables was neck and neck, if either side gained a rank nine Immortal Gu, their strength would rise immensely. That would no longer be a contest of equal strength, even territories could be lost then.


 The truth was, even if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not send a letter, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would have sent one to him.


 If Fang Yuan was truly given the chance to display his specialty and refine a rank nine Immortal Gu, he would gain the biggest advantage.


 That was something neither of the two venerables wanted to see.


 This secret plan to stop Fang Yuan from refining rank nine Immortal Gu started with the subtle cooperation of the two venerables.


 “If Fang Yuan takes a risk to refine rank nine Immortal Gu, we will strike.”


 “But even if I cooperate with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, I still need to mind my immortal essence expenditure.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable understood that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had more immortal essence than her, but if she expended too much immortal essence when targeting Fang Yuan, even if she spent the same amount as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, it would not benefit her.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s biggest advantage was in immortal essence quantity after all.


 If that situation occurred, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s advantage would be even bigger then.


 That was also part of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s secret scheme.


 Eastern Sea.


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s expression changed slightly.


 Currently, he was refining Immortal Gu while communicating in treasure yellow heaven, he also considered the arrangements and development of his immortal aperture with great ease.


 Now, he had received He Feng Yang’s request for a transaction in treasure yellow heaven.


 “He Feng Yang is actually asking me for an open transaction, it seems that this is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s idea.” Fang Yuan immediately understood the truth.


 Without Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s permission, how could He Feng Yang dare to do this?


 “Worthy of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.” Fang Yuan praised.


 It was a wise and logical countermeasure.


 The contest of forces and the fight between experts had never been as simple as allies and enemies. But according to the specific situation, one needed to have the flexibility to change sides.


 Sometimes, your enemies could become your allies, you could even work together with your enemies while simultaneously plotting against them.


 But this reaction was within Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Regarding He Feng Yang’s request for a transaction, Fang Yuan’s will agreed on the spot.


 If he rejected this, it would weaken his credibility and reputation.


 Furthermore, what reason was there to reject it?


 This was beneficial to Heavenly Court and Central Continent, but it was even more useful for Fang Yuan!


 After all, he was the seller who set the price.


 It was natural that Heavenly Court and Central Continent were going to benefit.


 This was a mutually beneficial transaction where both sides got what they wanted. The losing side was naturally Longevity Heaven.


 When Fang Yuan and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable become stronger, Longevity Heaven would be left behind.


 But once Longevity Heaven sees this situation, they would want to catch up, even if they were unwilling, they would make transactions with Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan would obviously not reject them, by then, he would be the party that benefits the most out of this.


 “Since you want a rank seven Immortal Gu, hand me the nine central stone forest.” Fang Yuan quoted his price to He Feng Yang.


 Nine central stone forest was an earth path resource point, it could be used as an earth vein node.


 The exact value when compared to a rank seven Immortal Gu was not clear. For the short term, the rank seven Immortal Gu was definitely more valuable. But for the long term, a nine central stone forest that could continuously produce earth path resources definitely surpassed just one rank seven Immortal Gu.


 This quote was very expensive, far higher than Fang Yuan’s earlier price for refining Gu. He Feng Yang could not make a decision, but he had Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s orders.


 On the whole, this price was still in the acceptable range, so He Feng Yang agreed to it.


 “In the future, when Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven transact with me further, I will ask for more earth path resource points for fixing earth veins in my sovereign immortal aperture.”


 The sovereign immortal aperture had already started to prosper and develop.


 The current plan was to construct a water vein.


 Since the Righteous Qi Alliance joined Fang Yuan, they had to show their sincerity. Fang Yuan gave orders without holding back, he asked the clans to contribute a batch of water path resource points.


 “I have tens of yellow apricot immortal essence beads now. I cannot take a risk in refining rank nine Immortal Gu yet, these immortal essence beads are insufficient.”


 “Let’s refine those heaven path rank eight Immortal Gu first.”



***
Chapter 2226 - Light Fire


***





 



 Southern Border.


 A group of five Gu Masters were sprinting rapidly on the road.


 The leader had rank four cultivation level, he had an ordinary face but was exceptionally capable.


 It was Shang clan’s Gu Master Xiao Yan.


 Moving fire Gu.


 He was activating a fire path Gu worm now to travel. Each step he took, flames would be ignited on the ground, causing a huge trail of fire to burn along his path.


 Behind him, the four Gu Masters all had rank two cultivation level, they were gritting their teeth as they followed him.


 “Lord Xiao Yan, let’s rest for a while, we don’t have enough primeval essence.” While running, a rank two Gu Master suggested.


 “Mm...” Xiao Yan slowed his speed but he was still running.


 This was the wilderness, if Gu Masters did not have sufficient primeval essence, they would face great risks in surviving. A rank two Gu Master was also not qualified to explore the wild, they lacked the capability and strength.


 But right now, Xiao Yan had a mission to do.


 “According to the information, if I am any later, the fire in the village will be unstoppable. I need to hurry there now!”


 “Last time, I was misled by the enemy’s information and went out to search for fire path Gu materials, causing Lady Shang Xin Ci to face great danger.”


 “This time, I need to work hard and complete this mission to make up for my mistake!”


 Thinking of this, Xiao Yan made up his mind, he ordered: “You four, go rest, I will head there first. After you are done resting, catch up to me.”


 “Yes!” The four Gu Masters answered.


 Xiao Yan’s speed rose to its limit, he quickly went into the forest.


 A few hours later, he arrived at his destination, a small village that was under Shang clan’s control.


 “Lord, you finally came! The village has already prepared some wine...” The village head was a rank four Gu Master, he spoke to Xiao Yan politely.


 But Xiao Yan waved his hand: “The fire is more important, we need to resolve this issue first.”


 The village head was overjoyed: “Lord is wise! Please come with me, to speak the truth, I have been very anxious these days!”


 The village head brought Xiao Yan to the back of the mountain.


 Xiao Yan saw that in a crevice at the back of the mountain, there was a white dazzling flame burning intensely.


 “That’s right, this is light fire!” Xiao Yan stared from afar as his pupils shrank: “This light fire is too big, it covers a range of at least two hundred paces, this is beyond my capabilities.”


 Light fire was a type of special fire, it was a rank five Gu material. From what Xiao Yan knew, this Gu material could be used to refine rank five light path or fire path Gu worms.


 From the perspective of a Gu Immortal, the essence was clear. This light fire contained fire path and light path dao marks.


 “To think that I could not find any special fire earlier no matter how I searched. But once I took this mission, I found such a large area of light fire.”


 “Lady Shang Xin Ci purposely gave this mission to me, she is simply too kind and merciful.”


 “Sigh, this gratitude...”


 Xiao Yan sighed internally, he gradually understood Shang Xin Ci’s intention.


 He slowly got closer to the light fire.


 As the distance shortened, he felt deeper emotions internally, he became angry for no reason.


 This was not strange.


 This was the effect of the light fire, the closer one got to this Gu material, the angrier they would become.


 Xiao Yan tried to use fire path methods and quickly kept away a lump of the light fire that was the size of a basin.


 Xiao Yan nodded internally.


 His earlier evaluation was right, such a large field of light fire could not be taken by him alone, but he could keep most of it. Afterwards, the four rank two Gu Masters would arrive and help him to complete this mission successfully.


 But they had to be quick.


 Gu materials like light fire would spread and grow rapidly in the day. But now was night time, the light fire’s growth was suppressed.


 This was also the reason why Xiao Yan rushed there at full speed while leaving his subordinates behind.


 “Before they get here, I need to make arrangements in the surroundings in case of enemies.” Xiao Yan immediately used his alert methods near the light fire.


 Guarding against others was a necessity.


 Furthermore, in order to retrieve this light fire, Xiao Yan had to use his full strength.


 “Why are there still mortals in the surroundings?” While surveying the location, Xiao Yan found that there were many mortals praying within the mountain’s forest, towards the fire.


 The village head quickly guaranteed that he would chase these mortals away, for the following period, he would not let these mortals interrupt Xiao Yan and his subordinates.


 Next, the village head explained the reason.


 It turned out that because the sky had gotten strange recently without white heaven or black heaven, day and night could no longer be differentiated.


 Thus, the Gu Masters of the five regions and even mortals were deeply shocked and fearful.


 On a certain night, fire rain fell from the sky. Lumps of heaven flames landed in the range of ten thousand li around the village, these mortals were shocked by the phenomenon and thought that heaven was angry and punishing these mortals by burning them to death. Thus, they were all kneeling here and praying for forgiveness.


 “Foolish.” Xiao Yan snorted coldly but his expression became milder.


 He could understand them.


 When the sky first changed, he was also extremely fearful. but with the information from Shang Xin Ci, he learned that even though this was a huge event, it was not dangerous to them. Even if there were danger, it was not something that Gu Masters at Xiao Yan’s level should care about.


 At the same time.


 Immemorial white heaven.


 Or more accurately, in the fused black and white heavens.


 A few tens of thousands of li away, Fang Yuan watched the huge sun from afar.


 The sun seemed to be moving forward slowly, but it was traveling rapidly on a fixed route, going from east to west, before u-turning and going back from west to east, repeating the process endlessly.


 Whenever the sun went to the extreme east of immemorial white heaven, or the extreme west, twelve hours would pass exactly.


 With the swap of black heaven and white heaven, the five regions would be enveloped by the night sky.


 And in white heaven that was above black heaven, the sun would go on the return route from west to east, spending twelve hours to reach the starting point.


 By then, black heaven and white heaven would swap again.


 Thus, in the view and perception of mortals, the sun had always appeared from the east of white heaven when the night sky fades. When it was dusk, the sun would vanish into the extreme west as the night emerges.


 The sun was very large.


 Among the eleven venerables, even Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, who had the largest body that resembled a mountain, was far inferior to the sun.


 The size of the sun, in Fang Yuan’s estimation, was about the size of giant hero sea area, and that was one of the largest sea areas in Eastern Sea.


 Originally, in immemorial white heaven, the sun’s travel route had absolutely nothing in its way.


 But now, with the fusion of both heavens, the environment changed abruptly and chaotically.


 While Fang Yuan was observing, a large area of black clouds blocked the sun’s path. Whenever the sun moved forward by a little, a large portion of the black clouds would dissipate.


 Of course, the sun was not completely unharmed, from time to time, sparks would fall off the surface of the sun.


 These heaven flames would land on the black clouds or scatter elsewhere. An even smaller portion of them would land in the five regions.


 From Fang Yuan’s perspective, the collision of the black clouds and the sun was like the collision of two groups of dao marks. The former was dark path and cloud path, while the latter was light path and fire path.


 “The black cloud is bound to lose but the sun’s expenditure is also considerable. With such an intense change, it is no wonder that heaven form has turned chaotic, and is also at the brink of breaking apart.”


 Fang Yuan was originally refining heaven path Immortal Gu, the reason why he suddenly changed his plans and came up to the two heavens of Eastern Sea was because of heaven form.


 Heaven form was left by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was considered half a Thieving Heaven true inheritance.


 Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had encountered a natural heavenly spirit in immemorial white heaven by chance.


 This natural heavenly spirit could not be brought out of white heaven or placed into one’s grotto-heaven. It was filled with heaven’s will that was constantly replenished at all times. Even Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could not use his human will to refine it forcefully.


 After thinking long and hard, he found a solution. He forcefully condensed it and created an immortal killer move, calling it — Heaven Form!


 The refinement of heaven form needed a long period of time and generations of wills to cleanse. One day, it would be truly refined by a Gu Immortal, by then, it would be usable.


 Afterwards, this heaven form killer move was obtained by the Heaven Surveying Five Xiangs who made the thousand year bet, eventually ending up in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Heaven form was a huge help to Fang Yuan, especially in terms of invading the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, as well as displaying great use during the fate war.


 Heaven form was like a one-legged crane that was covered in snow-white feathers which had no dust or dirt, it had a long beak that was red in color.


 When activating it, it would spread its wings and fly elegantly. When it was inactive, it would shut its eyes and stand on one leg, its neck would coil up on its back as it rested silently.


 Heaven form had been kept in immemorial white heaven all along, Fang Yuan could not take it away.


 Because its foundation was in immemorial white heaven.


 Now that immemorial white heaven and black heaven were fusing, heaven form’s foundation was affected. Fang Yuan had to help it in time and stabilize its form, otherwise, without external aid, it would be destroyed!



***
Chapter 2227 - Fang Yuan’s Loving Consolation


***





 



 The white crane-like heaven form cried out in front of Fang Yuan.


 It was in great pain, its body twisted and curled up at times.


 Fang Yuan’s fingers were spread like blooming flowers as he activated his refinement path killer move, traces of green and fragrant wind moved around the white crane like chains coiling on its body, stabilizing its form.


 Heaven form was originally declining in condition, but after using this method, its collapse was slowing down.


 But that was not enough.


 The white crane continued to cry out.


 “Don’t worry, I am around, I will protect you.” Fang Yuan continued to console it.


 This was a killer move from an information path Gu Immortal, because it was special and had refinement path effect, Lang Ya land spirit kept a copy of it.


 After Fang Yuan’s modification, he abandoned the original name and called it loving consolation, it seemed like information path but was actually a refinement path method, after returning to its roots, the effect was greatly elevated.


 This move could allow the Gu Immortal to use words of consolation on an incomplete Immortal Gu to affect the refinement process.


 For example, if on the brink of failure, Fang Yuan consoled it repeated as such:


 “I know you can do it!”


 “Work hard!”


 “You can definitely succeed, believe in yourself.”


 If these words of consolation reached the incomplete Immortal Gu that was about to break apart, its condition would stop worsening, it could even recover and succeed in refinement in the end.


 However, this move had certain restrictions.


 Firstly, the effect was continuous, each sentence had little effect on the process, only through an accumulation of non-stop speech could there be an evident effect. Thus, during refinement, if there was a sudden accident and this move was not used in time, or maybe the effect of this move could not catch up with the speed of deterioration, then the refinement process could not be salvaged.


 Secondly, this move could only be used on an incomplete Immortal Gu. That was to say, the refinement must reach a certain stage before this could be used. Otherwise, without an incomplete Immortal Gu formed, this move could not even be used. Many Gu recipes refined Immortal Gu immediately, there was no intermediate step of forming an incomplete Immortal Gu first, thus, this could not be used in such situations.


 But Fang Yuan could use it now.


 Because this situation was a little special.


 Heaven form was originally intact, but with the fusion of black heaven and white heaven, it suffered major injuries and could be treated as an incomplete Immortal Gu.


 Of course, the basis was that Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable and had the attainment level and methods to treat the rank nine killer move, heaven form, as a Gu worm undergoing refinement.


 “Don’t worry, with me around, you can rest assured.” Fang Yuan continued to speak gently.


 But heaven form’s cries were getting louder.


 Suddenly, heaven form’s snow-white feathers started to blaze up. It was originally an ember but the fire soon grew after a few breaths of time, becoming the size of a human palm.


 Fang Yuan immediately took action, breathing in deeply and activating his killer move as two lumps of qi that were white and blue respectively blew out of his nose.


 The two breaths first landed on the feathers and extinguished the flames before turning into frost and preventing the fire from starting again.


 “Thankfully, I used this refinement path killer move before, I am considerably familiar with it.” Fang Yuan was glad internally.


 If not for that, he would not be able to handle it in time.


 The larger the fire, the greater the cost Fang Yuan would have to bear when he dealt with it. If the fire spread throughout heaven form’s body, then this killer move would be destroyed, even Fang Yuan could not save it then.


 “You must pull through, your master believes in you!” Fang Yuan said lovingly.


 The white crane’s cries became louder and sharper.


 “What’s going on?” Bright light shined in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Soon, he realized the problem.


 A wave of black poisonous liquid appeared in the white crane’s body and started spreading rapidly, corroding everything and causing the killer move to be nearly destroyed internally.


 The white crane vomited intensely as black liquid came out of its mouth.


 Fang Yuan grunted and knew that he could not use a fire refinement method, otherwise, it would trigger the previous fire. Thus, he pointed.


 Instantly, a hundred green light specks flew into the white crane’s mouth like a swarm of insects.


 The green light spread around the poisonous liquid and grew rapidly.


 Stalks of green grass grew rapidly, absorbing all of the poison in the white crane’s body.


 Fang Yuan flicked his finger again as golden light flowed like water, entering the white crane’s body and cutting all the grass away.


 Powder also entered the white crane’s body and helped to heal it at this time.


 “Everything will be over soon, there is light at the end of the tunnel, don’t give up!” Fang Yuan encouraged it again.


 But the white crane screeched intensely, its body started to twitch like it was shocked by lightning.


 Next, its long and elegant body started to inflate like a balloon, it got larger and larger, seemingly reaching its limit and about to explode.


 Fang Yuan quickly stretched out his hand and grabbed with five fingers as a huge rod appeared in his palm.


 “Just one refinement path killer move is not enough!”


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts flashed rapidly like sparks in his mind, he manipulated the Gu worms in his immortal aperture and prepared another killer move.


 At the next moment, sharp icy spikes appeared on the huge rod.


 Boom.


 Fang Yuan exerted strength into his arm and slammed down on the white crane’s body. It immediately cried out in pain and looked at its master in utter disbelief.


 But Fang Yuan was still smiling gently: “You must believe in master, believe in yourself too.”


 Boom.


 Fang Yuan waved the rod and slammed down again, the white crane’s inflated body was forcefully deflated, powerful air currents gushed out of the holes on its body that were left by the spikes.


 Boom.


 Fang Yuan smiled gently: “White crane, be good, work harder.”


 Boom!


 Fang Yuan smiled sincerely: “White crane, you are so cute, persevere on, we will succeed eventually.”


 Boom boom!


 Fang Yuan smiled mercifully: “No matter what you experience, don’t ever give up. With me around, I won’t let you die.”


 The huge rod slammed down once more, while the white crane had already broken down mentally!


 Boom!


 After a loud impact, it nearly fainted.


 There were no movements anymore.


 However, its body returned to the original size, it no longer was inflated but was covered in injuries, it was barely still alive, no longer displaying the power of a rank nine killer move.


 Fang Yuan stored away the huge rod with icy spikes.


 He nodded in satisfaction and muttered to himself: “Although it is my first time trying these two moves together, my refinement path venerable intuition is not wrong, there are no mistakes at all. The effect is just as strong as I expected.”


 “This move is not like loving consolation, it has wide usage, I can practice it more in the future!”


 “Next time, if such a situation happens, I will use this again.”


 As if the crane heard Fang Yuan’s words, its ‘corpse’ shook intensely and its mouth was tightly shut.


 With the fusion of white heaven and black heaven, heaven form fell into a deep predicament, Fang Yuan had to guard it at all times and use refinement path killer moves to stabilize it whenever an issue occurred.


 “The difficulty is not high now, but the future is uncertain. By guarding heaven form, I am also restricted greatly, the more I try to save it, the more immortal essence I will waste.”


 Fang Yuan did not have much immortal essence to begin with, this made the problem even worse.


 “But I cannot abandon heaven form!” Fang Yuan had to preserve this killer move, from his luck inspection through Cooking Luck Pot earlier, Fang Yuan analyzed and found that heaven path was his best choice in getting past his current predicament.


 Like now, while guarding heaven form, he was also refining other heaven path Immortal Gu in the sovereign immortal aperture!


 A new heaven path Immortal Gu was refined!


 This heaven path Immortal Gu looked like a crystal spider, it was clear and transparent with no flaws on the body. The spider’s eight legs were slim and long, its body was also small and raised high by the eight legs.


 Rank eight heaven path Immortal Gu — Heavenly Web!


 This Gu was the core of the heaven path killer move, heavenly web protection veil. Back then in Crazed Demon Cave, Paradise Earth used it multiple times, it had outstanding defensive properties, it was definitely on par with Fang Yuan’s reverse flow protection seal.


 After Fang Yuan killed Paradise Earth, he found that there were only two heaven path Immortal Gu in his immortal aperture.


 One was heavenly web Gu, the other was heavenly birth Gu.


 Heavenly birth Gu was used by Paradise Earth to revive, it was also his core Immortal Gu when converting from earth path to heaven path.


 There were also many other Immortal Gu.


 Like information path Immortal Gu Summary, it could allow a Gu Immortal to deduce the general summary of a complicated information.


 Or for example, rule path Immortal Gu Normal, it could allow the target to recover to their normal condition.


 By using these Immortal Gu, Paradise Earth formed many heaven path killer moves like heavenly web protection veil, emotionless heaven and earth, heavenly summary earthly norm, and others.


 These Immortal Gu were all destroyed by Paradise Earth’s will before his death.


 Currently, heavenly web Gu was refined, Fang Yuan had to refine heavenly birth Gu next.


 Heavenly birth Gu could heal Immortal Gu, when used with Fang Yuan’s refinement path killer moves, it could have an effect on heaven form!


 Fang Yuan had his own heaven path accumulation before this: Rank eight heavenly secret Gu, heaven’s envy Gu, and the heaven envies heroic geniuses killer move that he used in Crazed Demon Cave, as well as the heaven form that he was saving now.


 After making huge gains from looting Paradise Earth, Fang Yuan gained a large increase in heaven path foundation.


 “Especially in Paradise Earth’s heaven path research results, there is a method called obscured heavenly secret that can use the power of heaven path to conceal oneself, it is very useful to me!”


 Fang Yuan’s greatest objective was the killer move obscured heavenly secret. After that, it was to refine heavenly birth Gu and stabilize heaven form.


 Obscured heavenly secret could be modified, in theory, the more heaven path Immortal Gu used in the move, the greater the concealment effect.


 Fang Yuan had to resolve his predicament of insufficient immortal essence, he had two choices right now.


 One was to develop his immortal aperture. But accelerating the time in sovereign immortal aperture was not a good idea, Fang Yuan could only expand his Great Love Gu refinement plan and try to get more resource points added into his immortal aperture to raise his immortal aperture origin core and produce more immortal essence.


 The other solution was to advance Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus!


 Rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was extremely helpful to Fang Yuan, without it, Fang Yuan would have run out of immortal essence in Crazed Demon Cave.


 It had such an incredible effect, whoever used it would understand why it was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s vital Gu!


 Fang Yuan was now a rank nine venerable, rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was not suitable for him. If he advanced it, rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus would definitely allow Fang Yuan to break out of this predicament!


 However, if he tried to advance it now, the information would no doubt be exposed.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were watching him closely.


 Fang Yuan knew this clearly.


 He was now rank nine, rank eight Cooking Luck Pot could only barely help him. When he tries to refine rank nine Immortal Gu, his luck would fluctuate immensely, against Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Cooking Luck Pot would not conceal the luck entirely.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was a wisdom path venerable, it was even harder to conceal the information from her.


 “The moment I refine my rank nine Gu is also my weakest moment, the two of them will definitely cooperate to attack me. Thus, this obscured heavenly secret killer move is the crucial factor.”


 Cooking Luck Pot could not deceive Giant Sun Immortal Venerable because it was luck path.


 But obscured heavenly secret was heaven path, it was like how Fang Yuan had little countermeasures against pill path and painting path.


 Against heaven path, even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would be helpless.


 “But this method has a hidden threat, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had assimilated with the Dao three million years ago, while Heavenly Court has an immense foundation in heaven path research results. How long can obscured heavenly secret conceal the truth from her?”



***
Chapter 2228 - Control of Immortal Essence Stones


***





 



 Central Continent.


 Three rank six Gu Immortals were surrounding an ancient cloud beast and attacking it.


 “Be careful!”


 The ancient cloud beast suddenly transformed and raised its speed, attacking the woman among the three immortals.


 The female immortal was not fazed, her white blouse moved like a blooming flower, a vague silhouette blocking the cloud beast’s attack.


 But this ancient cloud beast also attacked more fiercely, even though it was blocked, it did not retreat, instead, it changed its form and enveloped the female immortal entirely.


 From outside, it looked like the ancient cloud beast had devoured the female immortal.


 “Fairy Lian Yun!” Shi Zheng Yi shouted and wanted to activate an information path killer move anxiously.


 But beside him, Yu Yi Ye Zi stopped his action: “Wait! If you use this move and pierce the cloud beast, what if you injure Fairy Lian Yun?”


 Shi Zheng Yi stopped and gritted his teeth: “Then what do we do?”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi, who had the appearance of a young man, showed a solemn expression: “In this situation, I can only try to use that move.”


 “What move?” Shi Zheng Yi felt that it was too dangerous: “Don’t tell me you are not familiar with it yet?”


 But Yu Yi Ye Zi had already started preparing the move.


 Sensing the aura of the killer move, the cloud beast enveloped Zhao Lian Yun and rushed towards them.


 Shi Zheng Yi immediately used his method to try to stall the ancient cloud beast.


 He opened his mouth wide and his tongue could be seen.


 The information path killer move activated as Shi Zheng Yi spoke rapidly without stopping.


 The power of words affected the ancient cloud beast’s body as a formless power accumulated and stalled its movement.


 After more than ten breaths of time, Shi Zheng Yi finally heard Yu Yi Ye Zi’s voice, he deactivated his killer move with joy and dodged to the side.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi’s palms aimed at the ancient cloud beast as two beams of light shot out of them.


 The beams were pale blue, after landing on the ancient cloud beast, they started to dissolve.


 Zhao Lian Yun, who was trapped inside the cloud beast, struggled intensely, she put in more effort and finally broke free from it, regaining freedom.


 “Alright, my turn!” Shi Zheng Yi saw that Zhao Lian Yun had escaped and quickly made his move, cooperating with Yu Yi Ye Zi and using an offensive killer move.


 Two killer moves landed on the ancient cloud beast, with a loud sound, this ancient cloud beast exploded on the spot.


 The ancient cloud beast’s corpse turned into lumps of clouds, most were immortal materials. After Zhao Lian Yun and the rest collected the materials, they rested on the spot.


 “It was my fault, I got trapped by the cloud beast and caused our immortal materials to not be high in quality.” Zhao Lian Yun apologized.


 “This loss is nothing. We only have rank six cultivation level but fought against an ancient cloud beast, winning is already a huge achievement, we cannot ask for more.” Yu Yi Ye Zi consoled.


 Shi Zheng Yi talked loudly: “Ever since the battle of Reverse Flow River, we have not been able to meet up often. While the two heavens are fusing together, with beast groups escaping from the two heavens to Central Continent, we are able to meet again to stop the calamity. Why bother fussing over the small details?”


 The friendship of the three immortals was built up during the Reverse Flow River battle.


 Even though Fang Yuan was the biggest winner in that battle, the three of them had performed very well in the battle, they were saved by Wei Ling Yang who risked his life, and they managed to hair-raisingly escape with their lives under the reinforcements of Central Continent later.


 After they returned to their sect, they received a lot of nurturing.


 Zhao Lian Yun smiled and said after Shi Zheng Yi: “Since we do not mind the small details, I would like Shi to accept this gift.”


 Saying so, she landed an information path immortal material to Shi Zheng Yi.


 Shi Zheng Yi was very happy: “Wait, this is trash talk petal flower? This is an immortal material that I need to refine my Immortal Gu!”


 He did not stand on ceremony, he took this rank six immortal material and inspected it carefully.


 Zhao Lian Yun turned to Yu Yi Ye Zi and smiled as she handed him a refinement path Gu Immortal true inheritance: “I got it.”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi was very happy: “The refinement path inheritance I cultivate is called eight refinement gates, to think that the rumors are true, a certain generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House actually created the ninth gate on the foundation of this inheritance. Ah ah ah, Fairy Lian Yun, how can I repay you?”


 Zhao Lian Yun shook her head and smiled: “This is something within my abilities, it is also your good luck. Thankfully, I am the current generation fairy, otherwise, I cannot have such authority to take the true inheritance.”


 “As for thanking me, of course I need something too.” Zhao Lian Yun said in a casual tone like she was joking: “When you become rank seven or eight Gu Immortals, try to take care of me.”


 Shi Zheng Yi and Yu Yi Ye Zi’s expressions turned slightly dim.


 They knew about Zhao Lian Yun’s situation.


 Zhao Lian Yun had Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s rank nine killer move divine concealment, she was unable to undergo tribulations so her cultivation level could not advance.


 In contrast, Shi Zheng Yi and Yu Yi Ye Zi’s cultivation levels had increased significantly since the battle of Reverse Flow River.


 Shi Zheng Yi gritted his teeth and said: “To speak the truth, I have been trying to find a way for you to break through this limitation. Gu Immortals go through tribulations because of the Heavenly Dao’s balancing, heaven’s will manipulate calamities and tribulations to form. Fairy, you cannot undergo tribulations because divine concealment hides you from heaven’s will. The solution is simple, you just need to unravel divine concealment.”


 “Divine concealment is a rank nine killer move, the difficulty of breaking this killer move is too high. But with the reign of three venerables now, breaking a rank nine killer move is not impossible. But destroying the killer move is too wasteful. I think, maybe you can find Lady Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to help, she is a wisdom path venerable, I am sure she has a solution.”


 Zhao Lian Yun smiled bitterly: “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is high and mighty, how can someone like myself even get to meet her?”


 “Fairy Lian Yun, do not look down on yourself. The fact that you own rank nine love Immortal Gu means that you will not be ignored.” Yu Yi Ye Zi urged: “But to get Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s help, according to the rules of the ten great ancient sects and Heavenly Court, you will need to pay a huge amount of contribution points. But now, you used your contribution points to exchange for this true inheritance that you gave me, thus... I hope you will take all these cloud beast immortal materials.”


 Shi Zheng Yi laughed heartily: “Then I will do the same, this is just a small token of my gratitude.”


 Zhao Lian Yun immediately shook her head: “I understand your concern. If I bring back these cloud beast corpses and hand them over, I will get more contribution points than what I spent for the true inheritance. Even so, the amount that I lack to get Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s help is still too much.”


 “It is better to invest in you two first and raise your strength to rank seven or eight before you come back and help me, wouldn’t that be more efficient?”


 Zhao Lian Yun made a lot of sense, after listening to her, Shi Zheng Yi and Yu Yi Ye Zi decided to keep the cloud beast corpses.


 “Even so, Fairy Lian Yun, please accept these immortal essence stones.”


 “Yeah, in the following fights, a lot of immortal essence will be expended. At the crucial moment, you can replenish it using immortal essence stones to deal with dangerous situations.”


 Shi Zheng Yi and Yu Yi Ye Zi spoke again.


 This time, Zhao Lian Yun did not reject them, she took both of their immortal essence stones.


 “I do not have many immortal essence stones indeed.”


 “In fact, the sect is rarely giving out immortal essence stones now. Do you know what’s going on?” Zhao Lian Yun asked.


 Yu Yi Ye Zi and Shi Zheng Yi shook their heads, they were in the same situation.


 Shi Zheng Yi was an information path cultivator after all, he had heard some vague rumors: “The ten great ancient sects are all lower sects of Heavenly Court, all of our immortal essence stones are distributed by them. Ever since the fate war, Heavenly Court has started to reduce the amount of immortal essence stones distributed. By now, they have basically stopped giving out any immortal essence stones. The ten great ancient sects have their own immortal essence stone storage, but to save for the future, they also stopped handing them out.”


 Yu Yi Ye Zi also said: “Recently, when transacting refinement path immortal materials in treasure yellow heaven, I also noticed this. There are increased transactions in treasure yellow heaven, but most of them are done through resource trading, the circulation of immortal essence stones has dwindled.”


 “Is Heavenly Court trying to influence the five regions’ Gu Immortal world through immortal essence stones?” Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes shined with bright light.


 All along, the immortal essence stones in the market of the five regions and two heavens were from Heavenly Court.


 If Heavenly Court had control of the source, their influence would be huge.


 The group that was most heavily affected were the rank six Gu Immortals, and they also had the largest number in the Gu Immortal world.


 As one’s cultivation level rose to become rank seven or eight, their dependence on immortal essence stones would fall.


 And this was very inconvenient for Zhao Lian Yun.


 There were mainly two aspects. Firstly, having the transactions in treasure yellow heaven was inconvenient. Secondly, once Zhao Lian Yun had little immortal essence, she would not be able to replenish it quickly without immortal essence stones.


 “Don’t tell me that Heavenly Court is trying to reduce the number of transactions among the Gu Immortals of the five regions so that they can prevent the lower ranked Gu Immortals from fighting in advance?” Zhao Lian Yun thought to herself.


 The phenomenon of reducing immortal essence stones became noticed by more Gu Immortals.


 Because there was only one source, which was Heavenly Court, other forces could not do anything about it.


 During normal times, immortal essence stones were used as currency for Gu Immortals to trade, but during war times, they were important tactical resources as Gu Immortals could replenish immortal essence with them!


 After realizing this phenomenon, the various forces of the five regions started to buy immortal essence stones and stock up on them, this made the supply of immortal essence stones became even lower than before.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan had noticed this himself.


 “Heavenly Court is trying to weaken the strength of the other forces before war erupts, while raising the value of their own immortal essence stones?”


 He was very interested in the secret behind Heavenly Court’s immortal essence stones.


 Be it Shadow Sect’s true inheritance, or Paradise Earth’s true inheritance, he had not found any clues. Even during the fate war when Fang Yuan attacked Heavenly Court and destroyed the immortal graveyard, he did not find out the secret of the immortal essence stones.


 Heavenly Court limited the flow of immortal essence stones, it caused a huge headache to countless forces and Gu Immortals, but for Fang Yuan, the problem was small.


 One immortal essence stone was equivalent to one green grape immortal essence bead, each of Fang Yuan’s yellow apricot immortal essence beads were worth a million immortal essence stones!


 Several days had passed since Fang Yuan arrived in the immemorial heavens and stabilized heaven form.


 “Let’s start.”


 He let out a breath of air and started to prepare an immortal killer move.


 Heaven path killer move — Obscured Heavenly Secret!



***
Chapter 2229 - Giant Sun’s Attack


***





 Chapter 2229: Giant Sun’s Attack 

 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Eastern Sea.


 Jade green water flowed like a large dragon, moving rapidly on the surface of the sea.


 Several rank six Gu Immortals were chasing and trying to stop it.


 “Quick, the water is flowing towards you.”


 “Watch this!”


 Boom! The water flow rippled, a huge wave of over a hundred feet rose.


 “I blocked it! But be careful.”


 Two rank six Gu Immortals were engulfed by the wave instantly.


 “Damn it!” The remaining Gu Immortals used their methods to desperately stop it.


 In the end, the jade green water flow did not manage to escape the sea area.


 Once time was up, white light surrounded ten li of the sea surface.


 He Chun Qiu appeared and shouted, grabbed the air with his hands.


 Immediately, the surface of the sea rippled and surged with waves, after more than ten breaths of time, a water path formation was built on it.


 This water path formation had a rank seven water path Immortal Gu as the core, the main formation had already expended a batch of water path immortal materials.


 As the jade water flowed into the water path formation, it turned into a spiral whirlpool that moved on its own, emitting splashing sounds.


 The rank six Gu Immortals here flew into the sky, after seeing this, they cheered uncontrollably.


 He Chun Qiu inspected the formation again and ensured there were no issues before he also let out a breath of air.


 At this point, the jade green water flow resource point had been placed here.


 Jade green water flow was a rank seven immortal material, it had a very famous trait in that it would always be moving without ever stopping.


 After Fang Yuan created the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance and took in the Righteous Qi Alliance, he extorted Eastern Sea’s righteous path for a batch of water path resource points, this jade green water flow was one of them.


 He Chun Qiu was in charge of placing this jade green water flow here. He made an immortal formation and ordered the rank six Gu Immortals to trap this jade green water flow, preventing it from escaping elsewhere. After several days of effort, it was finally completed.


 From this day on, the resource point would not only produce jade green water flow, it would also be one of the water vein nodes!


 With further development in the future, this might form into a jade green water flow sea area.


 “Divine rift whirlpool, seven treasures sea spring, underwater thousand year profound ice island, cleansing water region, rolling pearl water treasury... These last few days, Mini Eastern Sea gained more than ten water vein nodes, only three more are needed before we can form one water vein ring.”


 While He Chun Qiu was thinking, one of the rank six Gu Immortals asked politely: “Master, I wonder what other instructions there are?”


 He Chun Qiu waved his hand at them, a time path killer move was immediately activated, their wounds healed at once.


 “You may go back.” He Chun Qiu said.


 The Gu Immortals left after expressing their gratitude.


 They were very busy and needed to go around the place to resolve problems and stabilize the environment of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The number of missions in Star Collection Hall was innumerable.


 While watching them leave, He Chun Qiu sighed to himself.


 After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, the sovereign immortal aperture faced two main problems.


 The first problem was that strange phenomena were still occurring commonly. The sovereign immortal body’s non-conflicting dao marks was the root cause. The more dao marks there were, the greater the problem.


 After Fang Yuan became venerable by passing the mini chaotic disaster, he gained a huge number of refinement path dao marks. At the same time, he had been building resource points recently, they were also made of dao marks.


 The second problem was that the sovereign immortal aperture lacked manpower.


 During the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, he lost about fifty Gu Immortals. A portion of them had died in the mini chaotic disaster, they could not be revived. Among which, there was the Combat Beast King. Most of the rest revived, they were all Gu Masters now.


 The current situation was quite peculiar, these people could not quickly ascend to immortal yet.


 Thus, even throughout the sovereign immortal aperture, the strongest people were He Chun Qiu, Wu Shuai, Lady White Rabbit, Fairy Miao Yin, and the other rank eight Gu Immortals.


 Establishing resource points and setting up formations, these were tasks that only He Chun Qiu and Wu Shuai could do.


 Although they did not cultivate formation path, they were still Fang Yuan’s clones and shared his attainment levels, other people simply could not do it.


 He Chun Qiu had already entered the liver life formation multiple times recently, he had no time to rest at all.


 “Maybe, I should ask the main body to give orders and deploy a portion of the Merman Imperial Court’s merfolk Gu Immortals to help us?” He Chun Qiu thought to himself.


 Compared to the humans, the variant humans were more reliant on Fang Yuan, they were less likely to betray him.


 At the same time, Mini Eastern Sea did need to relocate and move in a number of merfolk as well.


 Compared to the other four mini regions, Mini Eastern Sea only had hairy men on the three major continents, although the population was not small, other areas had no variant humans at all, they were too empty.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was developed and managed by the clones and subordinates, while Fang Yuan’s main body focused on guarding heaven form.


 Boom boom boom.


 Fang Yuan’s huge rod continued to slam on it.


 This time, there were no ice spikes on the rod, it was burning in flames instead!


 Heaven form was gritting its teeth, not daring to emit any cries as it curled up into a ball. The frost that appeared on its body out of nowhere was smashed by the rod before being melted by the flames.


 As the black and white heavens became fused to a greater extent, heaven form’s condition was getting more unstable.


 But Fang Yuan was still quite relaxed.


 While stabilizing heaven form, he also activated obscured heavenly secret repeatedly to practice it and gain more insight about the move.


 The obscured heavenly secret killer move that he used now was the version that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable had.


 Paradise Earth did not have heavenly secret Immortal Gu, thus he used heavenly web Gu as the core with a large amount of heaven path immortal materials.


 After these heaven path immortal materials were used, Fang Yuan’s body became covered in a new layer of heaven path dao marks, resembling a fishing net.


 Whenever anyone made deductions or tried to investigative Fang Yuan, this layer of the fishing net made from the heaven path dao marks would rapidly change form, the lines would contract and twist rapidly, distorting everything from the original state.


 “Thus, obscured heavenly secret’s true effect is not to conceal myself from all deductions, but to perfectly mislead them and cause them to arrive at a wrong result.”


 Fang Yuan had already recognized the essence of this move.


 “Once the fishing net’s heaven path dao marks are depleted, this obscured heavenly secret would lose all effect.”


 “Conversely, the more heaven path immortal materials I consume, the more heaven path dao marks would be used to construct this fishing net, which would cause this obscured heavenly secret killer move to become even stronger and long-lasting!”


 Because of this, Fang Yuan saw hope of deceiving the two venerables!


 Theoretically, as long as he had enough heaven path dao marks, he would be able to prevent the two venerables from finding out that he was refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had more than a hundred yellow apricot immortal essence beads, once he reached the minimum requirement, he would start refining Gu.


 Fang Yuan was anxious to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus because he knew that now was the best time to do it!


 The battle in Crazed Demon Cave had just ended, the three venerables’ methods were all exposed, while they could not modify their methods yet. Thus, in a fight, Fang Yuan had a greater advantage.


 After all, he had more dao marks than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 If he missed this chance, once the two venerables modified their methods, the result of their fight would be uncertain.


 “Immortal essence stockpile is my weakness. If I do not use this chance to fix this flaw, in our standoff in the future, my immortal essence reserves will always be below the two of them, I will always be restricted by this!”


 Fang Yuan knew he had to take risks.


 Longevity Heaven.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly shouted, his eyes widened, his gaze pierced through Longevity Heaven and cast down on all five regions.


 “Good, with the amplification of Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks, I can see all the luck of the lifeforms in the five regions!”


 Heavenly Court first looked at Heavenly Court.


 After a while, he turned to Eastern Sea but could not find Fang Yuan.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was shocked, he quickly searched and found a type of luck in the mixed black and white heaven.


 This luck was burning like a furnace, there were cracks on the surface and little firewood at the bottom, there was an immortal crane that resembled a cloud or mist within it, burning slowly in turmoil.


 “Heaven form?!”


 Instantly, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyes burst out with bright light.


 He laughed heartily as he understood Fang Yuan’s current condition.


 “This heaven form killer move is left by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, it was used by Fang Yuan during the fate war to invade Heavenly Court. With the fusion of both heavens, heaven form’s foundation is unstable, it needs Fang Yuan’s protection.”


 “This rank nine killer move is extraordinary, with Fang Yuan restricted by it, now is the time for me to strike!”


 During the fate war, Fang Yuan exposed heaven form. Longevity Heaven had cooperated with him multiple times, thus, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable knew about this information.


 After seeing this, the Northern Plains Immortal Venerable set off to Eastern Sea, he moved quickly and resolutely, without a moment of hesitation!


 In the mixed black and white heaven, Fang Yuan sighed while smiling slightly.


 He had sensed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s investigation earlier, he purposely dispelled obscured heavenly secret to test it out, the result was that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable moved out to attack him.


 “Since Giant Sun is coming, what about Star Constellation?” A dark light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.



***
Chapter 2230 - Star Constellation’s Attack


***





 Chapter 2230: Star Constellation’s Attack 

 Eastern Sea.


 Deep within icy sea area.


 In the pitch black bottom of the sea, a huge ice mountain filled the vision of two Su clan Gu Immortals.


 These two Su clan immortals had rank seven cultivation level, one was Su Chen, he was specialized in healing methods. The other was Su Ming Wan, he cultivated dark path.


 The two Gu Immortals were traveling within a rank seven Immortal Gu House.


 This Immortal Gu House was called Moving Frame Pavilion, it was a rarely seen strength path Immortal Gu House. The body of the house was like a pavilion, with eight big thick blue-gold pillars supporting the pavilion roof and pressing down on the pedestal. The blue-gold pillars were not straight, but bent with an obvious curvature, the two ends were inwardly curved and the middle section expanded outwardly.


 On the whole, the entire Moving Frame Pavilion looked like a huge bird cage with the two Su clan Gu Immortals inside it.


 The Moving Frame Pavilion emitted a layer of dark blue light, blocking the sea water that was outside it.


 Even so, a cold chill still permeated the place.


 After facing the icy mountain for some time, the eyebrows and hair of the Su clan Gu Immortals were covered in frost.


 “So cold.”


 “This ice mountain is made from thousand year profound ice, Moving Frame Pavilion does not have enough defense against it, we need to act quickly!”


 Su clan’s Gu Immortals conversed while activating Moving Frame Pavilion together, unleashing a strength path method.


 Instantly, there was a loud sound as a corner of the thousand year profound ice mountain was cracked by a formless force and floated towards the two Su clan immortals.


 After reaching a certain distance, Su Chen immediately took action to move this thousand year profound ice into his immortal aperture.


 Boom boom boom.


 Moving Frame Pavilion continued to exert strength as pieces of the thousand year profound ice mountain were moved into their immortal apertures gradually.


 But good times did not last long, the surrounding ice poison starfish were alarmed by them and quickly approached aggressively.


 Su clan’s two immortals tensed up immediately.


 “I will lure them away, you should take as much as you can!” Su Chen immediately flew out of Moving Frame Pavilion.


 In this deep sea, even though he was a rank seven Gu Immortal, trying to lure away the ice poison starfish group was still a risky thing to do.


 Su Ming Wan who was left in Moving Frame Pavilion was not safe from danger either.


 Who knew what would happen next?


 It was not easy to retrieve the thousand year profound ice, even for a super force like Su clan which sent two rank seven Gu Immortals along with an Immortal Gu House that could rival rank eight Gu Immortals, it was still full of danger.


 But there was nothing else Su clan could do.


 As an Eastern Sea righteous path super force, after joining the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, they were extorted by Fang Yuan and had to contribute water path resources.


 Fang Yuan’s requirement towards the water path resources was very high, he needed them to be usable as the water vein nodes.


 Naturally, Su clan did not lack such resource points, but they did not want to give up their personal wealth.


 Coincidentally, Su clan was situated close to icy sea area, deep within this sea area, there were abundant ice and snow immortal materials.


 Thus, they planned to collect the profound ice here and hand it to Fang Yuan to satisfy his request.


 “Quick, be quicker.” Su Ming Wan raised his speed to the limit, but he still had insufficient thousand year profound ice.


 There was no helping it, without Su Chen, his efficiency plummeted.


 And worse was that a shark group in the sea got disturbed by them, they swam towards Moving Frame Pavilion.


 “Sigh, we have no choice but to retreat!” Su Ming Wan sighed deeply, feeling helpless inside.


 He had only found this underwater thousand year profound ice mountain after much trouble, but after this excavation, the environment would be greatly affected, causing a chain of reactions to occur.


 The stable ecology would instantly become chaotic, the beast groups here would start fighting against each other. Even if they did not fight, they would be wary against each other. If any commotion occurs, they would attack together, and more terrifying, a beast tide might occur.


 For the following period, trying to excavate thousand year profound ice here would have much greater risks!


 Su Ming Wan and Su Chen’s best choice was to leave and find other suitable targets next.


 But right when Su Ming Wan was about to leave, there was a surging aura above the sea.


 Su Ming Wan’s expression changed intensely.


 This aura was grand and imposing, it was mighty and unstoppable, all of the sharks that were swimming were intimidated, they escaped in panic.


 Su Ming Wan’s expression was filled with shock: “This is a venerable’s aura!”


 At the previous moment, he felt that a huge sun had flown above his head, across the sea area.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable! He is attacking Eastern Sea?!” Su Ming Wan was flustered and panicked, he quickly informed Su Chen about this.


 Su Chen was not far away, he was also stunned at the moment.


 “Quick, tell first supreme elder about this! Giant Sun Immortal Venerable seems to be moving towards our Su clan.” Su Chen could not help but shout in fear.


 “Are the two venerables’ battle going to take place in our Su clan’s territory?” Su Ming Wan was shocked by this guess, his face was as pale as white paper.


 However, contrary to their guesses, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not move straight ahead, his speed fell quickly as he stopped above icy sea area.


 Next, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s rank nine aura spread out in an unrestrained manner, showing his grand and domineering attitude.


 The entire sky rippled with golden light.


 The golden light spread rapidly to the sky and sea, expanding in all directions!


 Sensing the terrifying aura of the venerable, almost all the underwater lifeforms escaped in panic.


 Thanks to this, the two immortals’ predicament was resolved.


 But they were not happy about it, instead, they started to guess: “What is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable trying to do?!”


 “Oh? Giant Sun stopped at icy sea area.” In the immemorial two heavens, Fang Yuan quickly sensed this situation.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not conceal his traces at all, it was like he was trying to tell Fang Yuan openly — I have arrived!


 Immemorial two heavens.


 “So his plan is to stop above icy sea area after all.” Fang Yuan had a calm expression.


 After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable recovered to some extent, but his battle strength would not have risen by much.


 After leaving Longevity Heaven, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s dao marks would be far inferior than Fang Yuan.


 Thus, for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, even if he saw Fang Yuan’s situation, attacking him abruptly would not have any benefits, only Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would gain from this.


 It was very wise that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose to enter Eastern Sea.


 He was currently refining Eastern Sea’s natural luck path dao marks!


 Once he refines all of Eastern Sea’s luck path dao marks, then Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would have a territorial advantage when fighting in Eastern Sea.


 Even if he was not in Eastern Sea, he could activate killer move from Northern Plains that would be effective in Eastern Sea.


 One could say that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was planting a tower in Fang Yuan’s base camp. It could inspect Eastern Sea’s situation during normal times, and in battle, the activation of luck path dao marks would allow him to launch attacks on the entire Eastern Sea!


 Fang Yuan could not do much to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 He could not leave, unless he abandoned heaven form to return to Eastern Sea and face him.


 But in that case, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable only had to retreat and leave, while Fang Yuan would lose a rank nine killer move.


 If Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not retreat and fought against Fang Yuan in attrition, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence reserves would dwindle further!


 In the event they fought, although Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would be at a disadvantage, he would not be killed so easily.


 Fang Yuan had expected this to happen.


 Long ago, when the heaven vein of the immemorial two heavens started to fuse, Fang Yuan had already deduced the crisis of heaven form.


 This problem occurred after the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, from Fang Yuan’s perspective, this situation was already very good.


 The collapse of heaven form was a problem.


 Fang Yuan needed to try to resolve it while using the chance to create an opportunity to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 He did not have enough immortal essence now, it was not time to advance the Gu, thus, he could also not expose obscured heavenly secret yet.


 When Giant Sun Immortal Venerable checked on Fang Yuan, he immediately retracted this move.


 For a person like Fang Yuan, his own weaknesses and flaws were things he could exploit to use against his enemies.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was already influenced by him, next, it was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s turn!


 Heavenly Court.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s beautiful eyes looked at Eastern Sea.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable...” She muttered.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose to stay in icy sea area, it was really an amazing choice on his part.


 Icy sea area was at the western-most part of Eastern Sea, it was closest to Central Continent. By refining the luck path dao marks of Eastern Sea, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was also trying to threaten Central Continent.


 “After sensing Fang Yuan’s issue, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made a move. But he did not fight against Fang Yuan, this shows that his battle strength has not risen much, and he is also guarding against me!” Thoughts collided rapidly in Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mind.


 If there were only Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable in existence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would definitely fight his way to the immemorial two heavens now and attack Fang Yuan.


 After all, he had abundant immortal essence, even though Fang Yuan had higher battle strength, he could not kill Giant Sun.


 A battle of attrition was very beneficial to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 After the battle, Fang Yuan’s immortal essence reserves would shrink, he would not be able to utilize his advantage as a refinement path venerable, even rank nine killer move heaven form would be affected and might get destroyed.


 But with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable around, the situation was different.


 If Giant Sun Immortal Venerable pitted himself against Fang Yuan, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would benefit the most. From this point, it could be seen that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was helping Fang Yuan.


 “Heaven form...” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable squinted slightly.


 This rank nine killer move could not be allowed to exist!


 During the fate war, this was the killer move that allowed Fang Yuan to break into Heavenly Court.


 As long as heaven form existed, Fang Yuan could break into any grotto-heaven in the immemorial two heavens. This was a huge threat to both Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven.


 After thinking about it, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable came up with a plan.


 At the next moment, she connected to treasure yellow heaven and contacted Fang Yuan.


 “Great Love Immortal Venerable, I want your help in refining some Immortal Gu, what do you think?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable said while smiling.


 In the immemorial two heavens, Fang Yuan’s gaze flickered slightly.


 He had also expected Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to find him.


 Fang Yuan understood the intention of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he said: “What Immortal Gu do you want? Also, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, how will you deal with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable?”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable replied immediately: “I need star thought Immortal Gu, star eyes Immortal Gu, and permanence Immortal Gu.”


 Fang Yuan was silent for a while before replying: “Sure, but I need to see your sincerity first.”


 “Okay, here is my sincerity!” Before Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finished her words, she turned into a star rainbow that flew straight for Northern Plains.



***
Chapter 2231 - Refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus


***





 Chapter 2231: Refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus 

 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was very daring, she flew rapidly and went deep into Northern Plains — the former location of Imperial Court blessed land.


 She did not target any of the Huang Jin tribe members, she acted like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, staying in the sky and starting to refine the natural wisdom path dao marks of Northern Plains!


 At once, starlight shined in the sky, spreading rapidly to the surroundings.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not move into Longevity Heaven directly.


 Although it seemed like this was the best opportunity to attack Longevity Heaven, since Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was far away in Eastern Sea, the truth was that it was not easy for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to enter Longevity Heaven.


 Grotto-heavens were condensed into one spot in the sky, unless the immortal aperture’s entrance was open, outsiders could not get in easily.


 This was also why heaven form had immense value.


 Furthermore, even if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable managed to get inside Longevity Heaven, she could not destroy the rank nine grotto-heaven in a short period of time.


 By then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would come back and defend the grotto-heaven, he would fight against Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. In that case, if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gives up on Fang Yuan and fights Star Constellation Immortal Venerable instead, not only would there be risks of getting injured, he would expend more immortal essence as well.


 That would benefit Fang Yuan too much!


 In this contest of three venerables, they were mutually wary of each other, while thinking of ways to attack the others, these venerables also had to maintain their own development speed.


 This situation was very complex now.


 If one acted rashly without consideration, they would be courting death.


 Having judgment was very important.


 If one made an appropriate move with just the right intensity, they would gain a bit of advantage in this stalemate of the three venerables.


 The three venerables knew this, thus, each of their actions contained deep meaning and considered the reactions of each other. In most cases, they reacted according to the situation.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already calculated her current actions clearly.


 This was the most advantageous move for her!


 Firstly, Fang Yuan had to be weakened.


 This person was too shameless and had no bottom line.


 In Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s mind, even if they had the same battle strength, Fang Yuan would still be a bigger problem than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Currently, Fang Yuan’s circumstances were very troublesome. The difficulty of maintaining heaven form would only increase with time, because more than half of his heaven path research results came from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, she knew about this clearly.


 Fang Yuan had to guard heaven form while expending immortal essence. This depleted his already low reserves.


 And now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable came to Eastern Sea to refine its luck path dao marks, this was a way to weaken Fang Yuan as well.


 At the same time, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable requested Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan in exchange for making a move, this was also a way to weaken him.


 In addition, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was also weakened by this move.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had the advantage of immortal essence, this was something that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knew.


 With this advantage, if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not disrupt him, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s dao mark refinement rate would always be higher than Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Additionally, for Heavenly Court, Northern Plains’ Gu Immortal world had a bigger threat than Eastern Sea’s Gu Immortal world, it was a well known fact that Northern Plains’ Gu Immortals had outstanding battle strength and bravery, this was something that Eastern Sea lacked.


 “Star Constellation!”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable who was in icy sea area gritted his teeth, his expression turned ugly.


 But he did not move from his position, he continued to refine the luck path dao marks.


 Because Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not attack Longevity Heaven or the Huang Jin tribes, this was not something that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not endure.


 If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable went beyond this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would return and fight with her.


 This was undeniable!


 If a strong enemy tried to step over one’s bottom line, there had to be fierce retaliation. Otherwise, the enemy would think that one was easy to bully, then in the future, life would only get tougher.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not step over Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s bottom line, so there was no intense desire for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to return to Northern Plains.


 So what if he returned?


 By then, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could just leave, but could Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chase after her and barge into Heavenly Court?


 Even if he reached Heavenly Court, could he fight against Star Constellation Immortal Venerable? Would Fang Yuan not benefit from that?


 If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable left and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not chase her, if he returned to Eastern Sea, what if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable went back to Northern Plains again?


 If they did this repeatedly, what would be the point of it all?


 Was traveling not costly on immortal essence?


 If Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did that, he would not be able to refine many of Eastern Sea’s luck path dao marks, yet he would spend a lot of time and immortal essence, was that not a huge joke?


 The situation was different for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Even if she attacked or retreated multiple times, she would still get Fang Yuan’s Immortal Gu.


 Thus, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable chose not to move, he continued refining Eastern Sea’s luck path dao marks.


 But at this time, Fang Yuan approached Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 “Giant Sun, why must we behave like this? We are both victims of Heavenly Court, they have the deepest foundation and Central Continent is the strongest region, this is an undeniable fact. Furthermore, not long ago, Heavenly Court denounced us as Demon Venerables! We need to join hands and deal with Heavenly Court instead.”


 “Look at the situation now, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has openly gone to Northern Plains to refine the wisdom path dao marks there, she is simply disregarding your existence.”


 Fang Yuan urged him while suggesting: “Why don’t we have a transaction, I will pay you Immortal Gu in exchange for you refining Central Continent’s dao marks.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed as he replied: “Fang Yuan, it seems that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made such a transaction with you too. Since the five regions are one, and the regional walls no longer exist, I can not only refine Eastern Sea’s luck path dao marks here, but also Central Continent’s. If you want me to let Eastern Sea off, I need to see how many Immortal Gu you can give.”


 When Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were still bargaining, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable contacted him again.


 “Fang Yuan, you have already seen my sincerity. It is your turn now.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable asked for Immortal Gu directly.


 Fang Yuan was silent for a moment before sending permanence Gu into treasure yellow heaven.


 Speaking of which, this permanence Gu belonged to Heavenly Court at first.


 Back then, Fang Yuan had obtained it after destroying Heavenly Court’s Immortal Gu House, Eternal Yacht, in the River of Time.


 After Star Constellation Immortal Venerable received permanence Gu, she inspected it before hearing Fang Yuan’s new suggestion: If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable attacked Longevity Heaven or any of the Huang Jin tribes, he would pay her even more Immortal Gu.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled: “If I do that, it will not be just three Immortal Gu.” Her attitude was quite similar to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable who was talking on the other end.


 Fang Yuan snorted in his heart.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was a wisdom path Immortal Venerable after all, in this situation, she was gaining the most benefits.


 Fang Yuan was merely trying to stall for time now to undergo refinement.


 As long as he refined rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, these losses would all be worth it, even if he had to increase the chips!


 But the problem for Fang Yuan now was that he lacked immortal essence!


 “It seems that I must accelerate the time of the sovereign immortal aperture.” Right now, Fang Yuan’s gaze was like a hawk, he stared at heaven form sharply, it shivered in response.


 Fang Yuan did not want to raise the speed of time in the sovereign immortal aperture, but there were no alternatives.


 At this point, he had already paid a considerable price to get this opportunity. And Fang Yuan’s biggest worry was that such an opportunity seldom knocked twice, in the future, he might not be able to do this anymore!


 If the opportunity presented itself, he had to grab onto it!


 Within the sovereign immortal aperture, Fang Yuan’s time path clone He Chun Qiu started to use time path killer moves.


 One after another, killer moves were activated, the raging water of the River of Time was drawn into the year essence pool. Next, through it, the water was diverted to the respective sub-pools.


 The time path zones that the year essence pool controlled had faster time flow now, it was obvious when compared to the surroundings.


 And this difference was expanding and getting more evident.


 After Fang Yuan became venerable, the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time became quite close to the five regions, but now, after he used this method, the difference became larger again.


 This was a huge threat, of course.


 Normally speaking, a chaotic disaster occurred once a hundred years, now, it might arrive in seventy or eighty years.


 Once Fang Yuan’s chaotic disaster arrived, the other venerables would find the chance to attack him together, at that time, he would face both internal and external threats!


 Fang Yuan had a determined expression, he resolved himself after making this choice.


 Whether this gamble was worth it would depend on the future.


 As the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time rose, the production of yellow apricot immortal essence also started to accelerate.


 The development of the immortal aperture was improved greatly as well.


 The three venerables were in a deadlock now.


 As days passed, the five regions’ Gu Immortal world focused on these three venerables, observing their actions and discussing their possible future decisions.


 Because He Chun Qiu used too many time path methods in this period, he had to recuperate and rest.


 Thus, Wu Shuai led the other Gu Immortals and formed the first water vein.


 Fang Yuan was facing greater difficulty in maintaining heaven form now.


 While Star Constellation Immortal Venerable asked him for a second Immortal Gu.


 “Star Eyes, Star Thought...” After hesitating for a while, Fang Yuan chose to give star thought Immortal Gu to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Immortal killer move — Obscured Heavenly Secret!


 On this day, Fang Yuan finally used this killer move officially, it marked the start of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus’ refinement.


 This time, obscured heavenly secret was modified by Fang Yuan, it contained a few more heaven path Immortal Gu. Not only was it stronger and thicker, it could even allow him to control the range of obscured heavenly secret to a certain extent.


 Fang Yuan was not stingy now, he directly used sixty percent of his heaven path immortal materials.


 At almost the same time as obscured heavenly secret’s activation, within the sovereign immortal aperture, the refinement to advance Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus also started.


 Inside Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, Wu Shuai, He Chun Qiu, and around ten hairy man Gu Immortals got to their stations and started to wait for the refinement to start.


 This was an incredible group that gathered, but they were only helping out now.


 The divine sense of Fang Yuan’s main body was present now, he was going to refine Gu personally!


 Rumble...


 Jade light shot out, surging like a flowing river.


 Fragrance spread everywhere, causing people to feel delighted.


 This was just the first step, but a small mountain of rank nine wood path immortal materials were already expended.


 Rank nine Immortal Gu were all extraordinary, while Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s vital Gu, it was also the most helpful Gu to Fang Yuan now.


 This was a huge uncertainty!


 Therefore, Fang Yuan soon sensed a huge fluctuation in his own luck.



***
Chapter 2232 - Furnace Luck


***





 Chapter 2232: Furnace Luck 

 Fang Yuan willed in his mind, rank eight Immortal Gu House Cooking Luck Pot started to activate.


 Fang Yuan diverted his gaze and looked up above him.


 He saw that his rank nine refinement path luck was like a furnace.


 The furnace seemed to be made of clay, there were many cracks on the surface that made it look like it was poorly created.


 At the bottom of the furnace, there was a pile of firewood burning intensely. This showed that Fang Yuan was currently using all of his immortal essence reserves!


 Within the furnace, two lumps of clouds were intertwined.


 One lump was an immortal crane cloud that was white in color with black spots inside, it resembled heaven form. This cloud was close to breaking apart, but each time it was about to collapse, heat would be emitted from the furnace to forcefully gather it again.


 The other lump of cloud was smaller, it resembled a green lotus. The green lotus cloud was the opposite of the immortal crane, the latter was close to breaking apart while the former was too tightly compacted. Most of the furnace’s heat was used on this green lotus cloud, it was trying to melt a piece of limestone.


 The green lotus cloud was mostly condensed, only a small portion melted and spread out, flowing towards the cracks of the furnace and sinking to the bottom, as if it was trying to take root.


 “The furnace is too crudely made, it is filled with cracks, that shows that my foundation is not stable, the sovereign immortal aperture also has another hidden threat, because it has not gone through an actual chaotic disaster, there is huge room for improvement.”


 “The immortal crane cloud is heaven form, while the green lotus cloud is my attempt at refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.”


 “What about the luck of other venerables?”


 Fang Yuan tried to look, but he could not see anything beyond the furnace luck.


 When he was rank eight, his luck was like a silver light pillar, while the other three venerables’ lucks were like clouds floating around him.


 Right now, he had become a refinement path venerable, but he could no longer see the venerables’ lucks.


 Fang Yuan knew the reason.


 Other than the two venerables’ defensive methods, the main reason was that Cooking Luck Pot’s rank was too low. It was only rank eight, it was already outstanding to be able to see Fang Yuan’s own rank nine luck. Of course, there were still specific details that could not be seen through it.


 If it had to observe the other two lucks and see how they related to Fang Yuan’s own luck, the difficulty would be beyond Cooking Luck Pot’s capability.


 “But even if I can see the luck relationship, I cannot use it as reliable information.” Fang Yuan thought.


 Before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan used luck inspection multiple times.


 Now that he recalled it, the luck phenomena regarding Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable were quite accurate, the main reason for what he saw was that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was split into three existences, while Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not in his normal state, and they were also not luck path cultivators. 

 The golden aurora luck of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was clearly not reliable.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revived through blood path methods, but this important information was not shown in the luck phenomenon. At the same time, his combat system had a terrifying aftereffect, this was also not exposed.


 The golden aurora luck that symbolized Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was suppressed most of the time.


 Evidently, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had used luck path methods to conceal his own luck and mislead Fang Yuan.


 He was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, the former luck path venerable, he was also clear of how Cooking Luck Pot worked, it was not strange that he achieved this.


 Fang Yuan was currently thinking of using obscured heavenly secret to deceive the two venerables. The truth was, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already been doing this before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave!


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 Grey fire was burning intensely, it was huge like a mountain.


 Wood path immortal materials were put inside one by one as they melted like candles.


 At the bottom of the fire, there was a ten thousand year profound ice.


 Rank eight Immortal Gu Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was sealed within the profound ice!


 The Gu Immortals present were tense and nervous originally, but more than ten days had passed since the refinement started, all of them were starting to feel excited and joyful.


 “All of the immortal materials have successfully melted.”


 “At this rate of progress, in just ten or so days, the advancement will succeed!”


 “What sort of incredible Gu refinement method is this! On the surface, it looks like the fusion of ice refinement and fire refinement, but in essence, this is the perfect combination of the profundity of the human isolation style and hairy man natural Gu refinement method.”


 “There are also many crucial points that are filled with mystery. Even if we participated personally and watched the entire process closely, we cannot understand the deep meaning contained within. Master is truly worthy of being a refinement path venerable, the difference between us is night and day!”


 But right at this time, Fang Yuan’s expression sank.


 “Oh no, the Gu refinement is going to fail!”


 An intense refinement path intuition filled his mind and body.


 Fang Yuan bore no doubt towards this intuition, at the first instant, he realized the truth —


 There was a problem with the processing of the wood path immortal materials!


 These wood path immortal materials seemed to be fine, but there was a tiny flaw in each step of the process. As these flaws accumulated, they became significant enough to destroy the entire refinement attempt.


 If he continued, there would be no point, Fang Yuan made a decision to terminate the Gu refinement attempt!


 “What? Why did we stop?!”


 “Everything was gone smoothly.”


 “Fool, master made a decision, it has to be right. We are too weak, how can we understand him? Immediately follow his orders and do it!”


 Within Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, the ten or so Gu Immortals worked chaotically as they gradually stopped the Gu refinement.


 After a day and night, under the full effort of Fang Yuan and the rest, the first refinement attempt stopped.


 All of the rank nine immortal materials that they invested were wasted.


 The Gu Immortals all had mild injuries, even Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool was damaged.


 But what made Fang Yuan feel the most loss was the expenditure of yellow apricot immortal essence.


 As the main person involved in this refinement, he suffered the most severe injuries!


 Immortal killer move — Refine Self.


 Fang Yuan used his killer move and refined all of the wood path and refinement path dao marks while feeling glad internally.


 “Thankfully, I became a venerable and gained such precise refinement path intuition, even during the process of refining a rank nine Immortal Gu, I still hold the initiative!”


 Having the initiative made the situation completely different.


 Like this time, Fang Yuan sensed that he would fail and immediately stopped. By doing this, he suffered much fewer losses and most importantly, their injuries were also kept to a minimum due to their precaution.


 Rank nine Immortal Gu refinement was not a simple thing, without intuition, if one failed suddenly, more than half of these Gu Immortals would die, while Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool would be destroyed completely, or if he was lucky, a small portion might remain.


 But Fang Yuan would suffer much deeper injuries, it was certain to incapacitate him!


 But now that he took the initiative to stop, the loss of resources and Gu Immortals, and the Immortal Gu House’s damage were kept to a minimum, rank eight Immortal Gu Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was also intact with no damage taken.


 Of course, this had to do with the refinement plan that Fang Yuan came up with meticulously.


 This time, he chose to use ice refinement to isolate rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus first, he would only use it in the last few steps.


 “If only I could get some success dao marks from Infallible blessed land, that would be great.”


 “Or maybe, if I can raise my wood path attainment level, my ability to process these wood path immortal materials will increase, it will help this situation!”


 Fang Yuan speculated inwardly.


 Even Fang Yuan had not understood completely what the secret behind Infallible blessed land’s success dao marks was.


 He was a refinement path venerable, theoretically, he was the number one person in refinement path in the world, his supreme grandmaster attainment level allowed him to grasp every single refinement path method in the world.


 But Infallible blessed land was the racial inheritance of hairy men, even until today, Heavenly Court had not managed to take control of it, they were very wary against it. Success dao marks were too helpful for Gu refinement, according to Fang Yuan’s deductions, it not only contained refinement path profundity but also the essence of human path.


 This could be speculated by reading >.


 Precisely because of the human path profundity, Fang Yuan could not replicate the success dao marks now.


 After a temporary rest.


 Fang Yuan healed himself while stabilizing heaven form, he also used investigative killer moves to observe the two venerables’ actions.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was in icy sea area, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable went deep into Northern Plains, they were both focused on refining natural dao marks.


 “The best situation is to maintain the status-quo.” For this goal, Fang Yuan was willing to pay more Immortal Gu to them.


 This was a necessary investment!


 “However, the two venerables are unable to fully refine the natural dao marks of both regions. I do not have much time left!”


 Fang Yuan understood this clearly.


 It was a simple thing, Eastern Sea and Northern Plains were huge and contained innumerable dao marks, even these two venerables could not refine them all in a short period of time.


 This was an easily proven fact.


 He only had to check historical records and see how long the venerables took to roam the world after reaching rank nine.


 “The two venerables are limited by not just time but also immortal essence!”


 “Once the two of them run out of immortal essence reserves, they will not be able to continue refining natural dao marks, they will stop then. After all, they need to keep a portion of their immortal essence for combat and potential unexpected occurrences.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.


 This Gu refinement failure was very disadvantageous to him.


 Because it did not fail early but only occurred past the halfway mark, he had to start all over again.


 Fang Yuan had too little time, he estimated that there was only one chance left.


 “No, one chance is too few.”


 “It has been tested that even as a rank nine refinement path venerable, my success rate of refining rank nine Immortal Gu is far lower than rank eight.”


 “It seems that I need to gamble harder!”


 Fang Yuan immediately ordered for He Chun Qiu to take action in the sovereign immortal aperture again.


 Time path killer moves were used in succession, sovereign immortal aperture’s time flow rose again!


 But Fang Yuan paid a huge price for this.


 Because he had just used time path killer moves earlier, the effect of the current methods were too little. In order to raise the time flow forcefully, Fang Yuan had to use other time path methods.


 And the result was that He Chun Qiu’s time path dao marks were all used up in the process!


 It could be said that this time path clone was basically useless now.


 But in the current situation, with Spring Autumn Cicada being unusable, it was not a huge concern that the time path clone became useless.


 After everything was prepared, Fang Yuan started to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus again while racing against time!



***
Chapter 2233 - Black Heaven’s Heavenly Spirit


***





 Chapter 2233: Black Heaven’s Heavenly Spirit 

 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 “Quick, take my place, I can’t hold on anymore.”


 “I’ll come!”


 “Huff... we finally got through another stage.”


 Within Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, the assisting Gu Immortals were all breathing roughly.


 After the first failure, Fang Yuan continued to experience two more failed attempts.


 He had no lack of rank nine wood path immortal materials, but time was pressing, he had no choice but to use more aggressive methods.


 He changed the procedure of the Gu refinement.


 Rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus had to be protected, but the steps before that became more simplified. As a result, the expenditure of immortal essence became more intense, each step became more complex and needed the full effort of the assisting Gu Immortals.


 Evidently, they were reaching their limit.


 Fang Yuan frowned deeply.


 A few days passed but the two venerables did not move, the situation was getting more troublesome for him.


 Not only was there little progress in refining rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, heaven form was also becoming harder to protect.


 The fusion of the immemorial two heavens had reached the most intense moment.


 In the sky above the five regions, black and white mixed together while changing rapidly. Day and night alternated at a rapid speed, mortals and beasts looked up in fear, they felt like the apocalypse was impending.


 Even the sun’s route had changed!


 Everything that stood in its path, be they the black clouds or the soul beast army, they were all obliterated.


 The heaven form white crane cried out profusely, Fang Yuan tried using refinement path methods but could only slow down the accumulation of its injuries.


 Heaven form was getting more and more damaged.


 But Fang Yuan had already reached his own limit, he could not modify heaven form anymore. After all, he was currently refining a rank nine Immortal Gu!


 “The most crucial factor is time.”


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable are about to stop as well.”


 Fang Yuan had already given the third Immortal Gu Star Eyes to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he could still stall for a bit of time.


 Furthermore, Fang Yuan had been wasting time conversing with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, using the suggestion of transacting Immortal Gu to delay the inevitable.


 During this period, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had used their own investigative methods to probe Fang Yuan’s situation.


 But because of the outstanding effects of obscured heavenly secret, Fang Yuan managed to conceal the truth.


 Fang Yuan had already expended a lot of immortal essence, his reserves were hitting rock bottom, meaning his battle strength had also fallen. If the truth was exposed, the two venerables would join hands to attack him!


 Deep in Northern Plains.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at the fusing heavens as starlight flashed across her eyes.


 “It is about time.”


 “Now is the most intense moment of the heaven veins’ fusion, it is also the most important moment.”


 “If Fang Yuan gets through this, he may likely get to keep heaven form.”


 “But how can we let this happen?”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled, she moved and vanished on the spot like a stream of starlight.


 She quickly returned to Crazed Demon Cave.


 Because she was familiar with the place, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable easily arrived at the ninth layer void.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was trapped here, upon seeing Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he roared and charged at her.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was prepared for this, she blocked Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attacks while activating a method to form an opening.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable flew through this opening as Spectral Soul Demon Venerable chased after her, causing them both to arrive in Northern Plains.


 “What?” At almost the same time, Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had a sensation.


 “Is Star Constellation Immortal Venerable thinking of releasing Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to slaughter living beings of my Northern Plains?!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable frowned.


 He had considered this possibility earlier.


 But this was not the style of Heavenly Court.


 As expected, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not guess wrongly, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable retreated while luring Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to the two heavens.


 “Hehehe, Fang Yuan is in trouble.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable relaxed his mind, he started to observe the show as a spectator.


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, what are you doing?!” Fang Yuan immediately questioned her in treasure yellow heaven, speaking furiously: “I gave you three Immortal Gu earlier!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled: “Precisely so, I will tell you this secret that nobody knows.”


 “Back then, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable did not want to create soul path, his goal was killing path.”


 “He is a person chosen by fate, he had immense innate luck and countless fortuitous encounters. Once, when he explored immemorial black heaven, what do you think he saw?”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable spoke in a delicate tone.


 Upon hearing her words, Fang Yuan’s expression sank as thoughts emerged in his mind.


 This was not hard to guess.


 Firstly, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not in the right state of mind, he lost his sanity and even went to fix the hole in the world boundary in Crazed Demon Cave.


 Secondly, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was currently trying to lure Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to the immemorial two heavens, she wanted to give Fang Yuan trouble.


 But what kind of trouble was it?


 Even though heaven form could only remain in immemorial white heaven, it could still move around despite being on the brink of destruction.


 Thus, in theory, as long as Fang Yuan avoided battle and brought heaven form around at a quick speed, he only had to get away from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 By then, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable without sanity would only attack Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. After all, she was the most threatening person to him.


 But now, since Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took such an action, she definitely had ways for Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to target Fang Yuan instead.


 With Fang Yuan’s current predicament, the most likely answer became obvious.


 Fang Yuan snorted in his heart.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable explained the truth: “It seems that you have guessed it. Indeed, back then, before Spectral Soul became a Demon Venerable, he had already obtained food path methods. Once, when he explored immemorial black heaven, he by chance found immemorial black heaven’s heavenly spirit.”


 “Spectral Soul was eager to create killing path, he sensed the opportunity of that from the heavenly spirit. Thus, he used food path methods to devour this immemorial black heavenly spirit into his stomach and fused it with himself.”


 Immemorial black heaven’s heavenly spirit!


 Back then, since Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could find a natural heavenly spirit in immemorial white heaven, why was there no such thing in black heaven?


 The reason was that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had devoured black heaven’s heavenly spirit.


 “Fang Yuan, I will keep those three Immortal Gu. I need to return to Northern Plains and refine more wisdom path dao marks. I will leave Spectral Soul Demon Venerable with you.” After saying this, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable turned around and left.


 Seeing that she was leaving, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable showed a hesitant expression.


 Staring at Star Constellation Immortal Venerable who left, he turned towards Fang Yuan as there was something that attracted him even more.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was still in the heaven above Northern Plains, but he had already sensed heaven form which was in Eastern Sea. Evidently, after he devoured black heaven’s heavenly spirit, although he did not manage to create killing path, he still grasped a lot of profundities that allowed him to create soul path.


 When Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was trapped in the ninth layer, he could not sense the five regions and two heavens, but once he arrived in the immemorial two heavens, he clearly sensed the heavenly spirit.


 “Black heaven’s and white heaven’s heavenly spirits originate from the immemorial two heavens, they are like a blessed land’s land spirit and a grotto-heaven’s heavenly spirit, they hold authority and control over the two heavens.”


 “Precisely so, heaven form, which uses white heaven’s heavenly spirit as the core, is able to find many of the grotto-heavens in white heaven, it can even help me invade Heavenly Court.”


 “Now, with the fusion of both heavens, the two heavenly spirits of black and white heaven are also seemingly fusing together. No matter which side devours the other, they will gain a huge boost in strength and become the new core of the newly fused heaven!”


 All sorts of reasons flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Over at the other side, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable made his decision, he charged towards Fang Yuan’s direction, seemingly following his instincts.


 He had a huge body that was no longer human, but he had genuine rank nine cultivation level, he was extremely fast and simply looked like he was teleporting in black heaven.


 Fang Yuan sighed, seeing that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was getting closer, he took heaven form and started to fly away...


 The sun!


 The sun was something that existed in immemorial white heaven, it was the biggest counter to immemorial black heaven.


 After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable devoured black heaven’s heavenly spirit, he would also face such restrictions.


 Fang Yuan did not move all over the place.


 Firstly, heaven form was very unstable now, if he moved quickly, it might break apart. Secondly, the sun was a favorable environment for heaven form. And thirdly, if Fang Yuan went elsewhere to fight Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, the other two venerables might sense his weakness and take action!


 Fang Yuan’s main focus was to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus now.


 He had to stall for more time and complete the refinement!


 Roar—!


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable started to chase Fang Yuan.


 Black colored gas spread out into countless chains that shot towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan snorted and used a bit of his attention to destroy the black chains.


 His speed rose again as he approached the sun.


 As the distance shortened, the intense heat and light forced Fang Yuan to shut his eyes. If not for his defensive methods, he would have already been incinerated.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable chased relentlessly.


 He spit out a grand soul river while shooting countless soul spears and triggering explosions. He used all sorts of methods to stop Fang Yuan but midway, the sun’s light limited the power of his methods, by the time they reached Fang Yuan, the methods broke apart by themselves.


 Heaven form was crying more pitifully now.


 The closer it got to the sun, the more light path and fire path dao marks there were, heaven form could not take much more.


 “I can’t get any closer, otherwise, heaven form is going to break apart.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he followed after the trail of the sun, maintaining a certain distance.


 But then, after Spectral Soul Demon Venerable finally arrived, he started to fight against Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan fought as he retreated, he had to defend heaven form while dealing with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. He also had to refine the rank nine Immortal Gu, thoughts were being consumed rapidly in his mind, his immortal essence reserves reached a critical level!


 The situation was perilous!


 This could not go on, if he fought now, his weakness would be exposed, obscured heavenly secret could not hide anything in that case.


 A ruthless light flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he knew that those two venerables were currently watching the commotion here with their full attention!


 “I can only sacrifice heaven form now!”


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan secretly activated obscured heavenly secret.


 But this time, the heaven form immortal material he chose to expend was the core of heaven form — the immemorial white heavenly spirit!


 Heaven form cried out as it looked at its master in fear.


 But in a few breaths of time, it vanished from existence entirely.


 A vast number of heaven path dao marks that piled into a dense mountain shrouded Fang Yuan immediately.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable became enraged, Fang Yuan had destroyed heaven form in front of him and left nothing behind.


 At the next moment, soul path killer moves erupted, attacks surged like a huge tidal wave in the sky.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he turned around and flew towards the sun!



***
Chapter 2234 - Refinement Completed!


***





 Chapter 2234: Refinement Completed! 

 Immortal killer move — Seven Kills Rainbow!


 Fang Yuan pushed with his palm as a rainbow light shot out.


 Bam!


 With a loud sound, the rainbow light expanded by tens of times its original size, the huge heavenly beam swept around and destroyed all of the surrounding soul smoke.


 After getting a clear path, Fang Yuan raised his speed and successfully broke out of the soul smoke.


 At once, the intense sun filled Fang Yuan’s vision, the terrifying light and heat wiped out the soul smoke that trailed behind him.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable shouted furiously, tearing its thin layer of soul smoke and chasing again.


 “Still following me?” Cold light flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 At the crucial moment, he sacrificed the white heavenly spirit, without the burden of heaven form, it was like he had put down a mountain on his back.


 Earlier, he could not get close to the sun because of heaven form.


 Without this worry anymore, Fang Yuan approached the sun even more closely.


 The terrifying white light almost blinded his eyes. The temperature rose intensely, even with three defensive methods, Fang Yuan still felt difficulty in breathing, he was covered in perspiration.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who was behind him activated killer moves again, hundreds of arms that were thick as huge trees appeared. Black smoke surged from his body, spreading to the surrounding few li.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable got closer to Fang Yuan while covered in thick smoke.


 “He wants to use a battlefield killer move to trap me?” Surprise flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he took action to destroy the black smoke.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable immediately suffered a backlash, his aura weakened greatly.


 Most of Fang Yuan’s attention was on sovereign immortal aperture, he had not stopped focusing on the matter of refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 Frankly speaking, the current Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was giving Fang Yuan very little pressure!


 The lack of sanity was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s greatest weakness.


 Like earlier, he followed his instincts and tried to use a battlefield killer move to trap Fang Yuan, it was too stupid. Fang Yuan easily broke it and caused him to suffer a huge backlash.


 Earlier in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and Paradise Earth were inside the Door of Life and Death, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had incomparable battle strength then.


 But now, without the soul path environment, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s threat became much lower.


 “And most importantly, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is not in a good condition now, he must have paid a huge price to deal with that hole in Crazed Demon Cave!”


 “This means that the hole has likely been fixed by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable already.”


 Fang Yuan knew that if there was a hole in the world boundary, the Heavenly Dao would use methods to heal itself. But because the chaos outside surged endlessly, self-healing was very difficult. The larger the hole, the more difficult it would be.


 Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created a hole that needed several venerables to work together to mend it.


 But the hole in Limitless Demon Venerable’s Crazed Demon formation was the smallest. The formation resisted the chaos and kept the hole small, allowing Crazed Demon Cave to exist for so long.


 After the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable went to fix this hole, he used his own foundation to resist the surging chaos, allowing the Heavenly Dao to have an opportunity to fix it.


 Thus, there was no surprise in this outcome.


 If the hole still existed, with Heavenly Court’s stance, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would not lure Spectral Soul Demon Venerable away. The truth was, if the hole was still around Spectral Soul Demon Venerable would not come out either. According to Fang Yuan’s deductions, he would focus on the hole as his first priority!


 “It is a pity that ghostly concealment has no effect, otherwise, I can get away from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.”


 Fang Yuan inherited Thieving Heaven true inheritance’s ghostly concealment, but the venerables knew about this.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had ways to counter it.


 “Ghostly concealment was created in Thieving Heaven’s time, after three hundred thousand years, it is already outdated in the venerables’ eyes.”


 Fang Yuan wanted to modify it too, but he lacked theft path and soul path attainment levels.


 But even without ghostly concealment, Fang Yuan could still get away from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 At the next moment, the battlefield killer move that he prepared for a long time activated!


 The killer move expanded and enveloped Fang Yuan, it then condensed into a small dot and vanished completely.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable attacked the original spot with countless attacks but there was no effect, he could only move around the area while growling in anger.


 “I cannot waste this chance, such an opportunity will not come again!” Inside the battlefield killer move, Fang Yuan’s eyes shined with brilliance, he started to refine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus with his full strength.


 This was his last chance.


 Within Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, flames surged as an icy river melted, pieces of rank nine immortal materials were placed into the fire like cheap vegetables.


 At the core of the fire, there was a droplet of red liquid, it was as dense as molten lava.


 The red molten liquid was covered in a layer of golden radiance, it slowly dripped onto Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 Under Fang Yuan’s full control, the red molten liquid slowly permeated and spread around the surface of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 All of the Gu Immortals were silent and did not dare to breathe heavily.


 Because they knew that these last few steps were the most crucial!


 If he fails, rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus would be heavily damaged or even destroyed.


 Fang Yuan went missing!


 At the moment Fang Yuan entered the battlefield killer move, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used their strongest investigative methods.


 Under the protection of obscured heavenly secret, they only saw that Fang Yuan went into the battlefield, they did not find out the truth that he was refining Gu.


 “So he used this move after all...” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was not surprised.


 If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was sane, Fang Yuan would not do something so stupid. But because he was currently unable to think, it was a brilliant decision to do this and avoid him.


 “He wants to use the sun to weaken Spectral Soul?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable guessed.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable stayed at the spot where Fang Yuan vanished, but the sun was still moving forward.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable smiled lightly, she immediately contacted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and gave a suggestion to work together.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could not help but feel moved.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not suggest to make a move on Fang Yuan, instead, her new target was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was not clear headed now, he had also left the Door of Life and Death. Even though he had venerable cultivation level, he was the weakest one. Now was the best time to kill him.


 If Spectral Soul Demon Venerable regained his sanity, then there would be a new chess player in the five regions and two heavens.


 That was something neither of the three venerables wanted to see.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable not only contacted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, she also spoke to Fang Yuan.


 “This old woman is brewing a good scheme.”


 “Not only did she get Immortal Gu from me, she also refined Northern Plains’ wisdom path dao marks. After destroying my heaven form, she wants to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now!”


 The methods of wisdom path Gu Immortals usually came consecutively, they were hard to deal with over time.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the strongest wisdom path Gu Immortal in history, her methods and schemes made even Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wary.


 However, it was undeniable that this suggestion was very tempting.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was in such a state, he had strength but not sanity, he was the best prey.


 “Normally, I will definitely be moved. But now, refining Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus is the most important thing.” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan still agreed to the suggestion.


 It was too suspicious if he refused.


 On one hand, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable might think that he was lacking immortal essence and did not want to take action, it might cause them to pincer-attack him.


 On the other hand, if Fang Yuan hid in the corner, the two venerables would not truly fight Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. They did not want him to reap the benefits as a spectator after all.


 Currently, in the sovereign immortal aperture, the sixth drop of red molten liquid had already entered Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 Fang Yuan agreed to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable while contacting Giant Sun Immortal Venerable: “Giant Sun, I’m afraid Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has a deeper scheme in mind. Don’t forget that she once controlled Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. It is likely that she will use us to weaken him before attempting to take control again.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable responded quickly: “Heavenly Court is still very strong, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s schemes are unfathomable. However, we must try to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, if he regains his sanity, it will be a problem for us all!”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also agreed to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s suggestion.


 This was beneficial to him after all.


 He had abundant immortal essence now, if everyone fought, they would use up immortal essence, his advantage would become even greater!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable went into the two heavens, they started to fight against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 After a few rounds, under the urging of the two venerables, Fang Yuan had to cancel his battlefield killer move and join in the fight with his main body.


 It could not be helped.


 If he did not go out, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would break his battlefield killer move together and force him out.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable could not think clearly now, he was helpless against a battlefield killer move but the two venerables were different.


 Starlight shined while golden light surged, Fang Yuan’s totem killer moves also followed after them.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was encircled and ganged up on, he landed in a pathetic state and lost several hundred arms.


 He retaliated fiercely with soul rivers and black soul lightning balls that exploded continuously.


 His main target was still Fang Yuan!


 “If he devoured the white heavenly spirit, his ability to think would return. Is that why he hates me so much...”


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth but did not dodge!


 Within the sovereign immortal aperture, he reached the final step.


 The ninety-ninth molten liquid landed on Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus and started to spread.


 Rumble...


 Fang Yuan’s vision turned dark, his body was covered in the cries and screams of anguished souls.


 Multiple layers of defensive killer moves erupted as Fang Yuan bled from his seven orifices, his soul was shaking intensely.


 “What happened?”


 “Did he make a mistake?”


 The two venerables retreated to the side, in the earlier situation, Fang Yuan should have had time to dodge.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable looked at each other, they did not make a move.


 They would not save Fang Yuan of course, but due to conflicting dao marks, if they attacked him, they would be weakening the soul path attack.


 Using this chance created by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attack, Fang Yuan stalled for the last bit of time he needed.


 Boom!!!


 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool erupted with unparalleled light, Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was successfully elevated at this moment, its rank nine aura surged like a tsunami, spreading rapidly and filling the entire aperture!



***
Chapter 2235 - Spectral Soul Alone Is Nothing To Fear


***





 Chapter 2235: Spectral Soul Alone Is Nothing To Fear 

 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Rank three Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


 Rank four Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus.


 Rank five Heavenly Essence Treasure King Lotus.


 And above rank five... Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus!


 The Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus that he obtained from Lang Ya Sect was finally raised to rank nine at this moment.


 This rank nine Immortal Gu still had jade green lotus leaves, its surface was bright and smooth, like it had a layer of glaze. At the center of the lotus, there was the bud of a lotus flower.


 The lotus flower had pure white jade-like petals, they were flawless and perfect, seemingly out of this world.


 Once rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was refined, it activated on its own, absorbing the surrounding primeval energy to convert them into clear dew beads.


 These pure dew beads gathered as they flowed along the glazed leaves, gathering into the bud at the center droplet by droplet.


 The white jade flower bud absorbed the dew droplets and started to turn pink at the top.


 Fang Yuan personally refined this Immortal Gu, he was clear about this, the white jade flower bud would gather more dew droplets and turn from white to pink, and from pink to bright red.


 When the flower petals turned red completely, it would bloom and reveal the jade green lotus pod inside.


 Within the lotus pod, there would be eighty-one lotus seeds, each of them was a yellow apricot immortal essence bead!


 After the yellow apricot immortal essence beads were extracted, the lotus flower would contract and turn white again. Next, it would absorb the clear dew droplets and restart the process again.


 “Rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable’s vital Gu, ranked sixth on the Immortal Gu list..” Information flashed past Fang Yuan’s mind, all of them proved the immense value of this Immortal Gu.


 But the truth was, Fang Yuan knew that this sixth placing of the Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was too much of an underestimate.


 The reason?


 Before fate Gu was destroyed, venerables were invincible, they ruled their own era as the sole supreme entity.


 Even though Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable had rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus and became the richest venerable in history in terms of immortal essence, this advantage was useless in his life.


 In his era, he was the only venerable, he had no use for most of his rank nine immortal essence. Without any opponent, even an expert could only live his life mundanely!


 But now was different, fate Gu was destroyed and the reign of three venerables appeared, others might even revive later.


 “Oh Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, in my hands, you will shine brightly like never before!”


 Fang Yuan was joyous.


 This result made all the earlier risks worth it.


 Even though he paid a terrifying price.


 Adding in his earlier failures, Fang Yuan used up thirty percent of his rank nine wood path immortal materials!


 “The crisis is not over yet.” Fang Yuan analyzed calmly to himself.


 Surrounding him, a black soul river surged endlessly.


 “Break.” Fang Yuan shouted and activated his killer move, he barged out like a shooting star.


 Without the Gu refinement burdening his thoughts, he had a lot of usable strength now.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable attacked again while Fang Yuan retreated.


 “Fang Yuan, let’s cooperate to attack him.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable reminded.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also stared at Fang Yuan intently, he used luck path methods unceasingly to try and see how much immortal essence Fang Yuan still had.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, his expression was livid as he said angrily: “Are you two bullying me because of my age? We were all meant to attack together, but I ended up facing the brunt of his attacks, not only did you two not help me, you even let Spectral Soul Demon Venerable go off while you watched this by the sidelines? Is this your so-called cooperation?”


 Saying so, he activated a compound killer move as yellowish brown light shot out to block Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s attack.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was silent before smiling and saying: “Fang Yuan, you are mistaken. Even though we cooperated, our dao marks conflict, making a move would have had negative effects instead.”


 Saying this, she waved her hand as a large amount of stardust landed on Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, breaking several hundred of his arms.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also took action, golden light descended like sand and grinded away at Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s luck.


 Fang Yuan relaxed his mind at this moment, he sighed to himself as he thought: This obscured heavenly secret killer move is really useful.


 The situation earlier was simply too perilous.


 As long as the two venerables sensed something wrong with Fang Yuan, they would attack him without restraint. But at that worst timing, he had too little immortal essence and could not fight them.


 If they attacked him, Fang Yuan would have no choice but to try and run.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not have the white heavenly spirit anymore, this was still a worthwhile trade off.


 Even with all of Fang Yuan’s methods, it was only because he expended the white heavenly spirit that he could deceive both venerables at such a close range.


 But Fang Yuan did not know how long he could continue to deceive them.


 As Spectral Soul Demon Venerable roared, he activated burning soul bursting luck to block Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s golden sand.


 But Spectral Soul Demon Venerable still charged at Fang Yuan!


 Because Fang Yuan destroyed the white heavenly spirit, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable bore huge hatred towards him.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he did not fight back with force, he flew towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable instead.


 The three venerables fought against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, they had their own positions that were far away from each other. But now, Fang Yuan and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable moved quickly, they got close to her rapidly.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly as starlight flew out of her mouth and rained down like a storm.


 The starlight rain surrounded Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s body like a river while shooting stars of various sizes shot out of the ripples.


 Instantly, countless flying stars appeared in the battlefield, it was a dazzling sight!


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had such a move to summon so many stardust specks in a short period of time...” Fang Yuan shook internally.


 These stardust specks were harmless to him.


 He only had to wipe them to refine all of these star marks, he had the perfect counter to this combat system.


 But Spectral Soul Demon Venerable could not do that.


 Because he was not sane, after getting hit by the stardust specks, his body became covered in injuries, he roared angrily but his injuries accumulated.


 “Good chance!” Fang Yuan turned around and fought again, he unleashed another killer move.


 This was a refinement path method.


 The killer move shined with intense radiance, enveloping Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and eroding his soul beast body wherever the light went.


 But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned deeply as she shouted: “Fang Yuan, what are you trying to do?!”


 The reason was that although Fang Yuan hurt Spectral Soul Demon Venerable with this move, the refinement path killer move was also used on the star path dao marks.


 Fang Yuan got rid of over half the star marks that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable accumulated over this time.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable benefited from this and went back to a relaxed state.


 “A small blunder, it is just a mistake.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 After a few rounds went by, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also frowned, he spoke with a tone of anger: “Fang Yuan, what are your true intentions?!”


 Fang Yuan said innocently: “I am trying to attack Spectral Soul Demon Venerable along with you. But we have conflicting dao marks, and a lack of cooperation normally, this will get better if we continue to fight.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly together.


 Fang Yuan was doing this on purpose, he was acting like a nuisance, disrupting Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attacks.


 After a few more rounds.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shouted angrily: “Fang Yuan, enough is enough! The immemorial soul beasts you released are all countered by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. After devouring them, he recovered by thirty percent.”


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: “I did not know that he had such methods.”


 Saying so, he brought out a few more immemorial soul beasts.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes shined with starlight specks, she stared at Fang Yuan and said in an icy cold tone: “You are still letting more out?!”


 Fang Yuan smiled plainly: “Star Constellation, don’t worry, I used a method on these immemorial soul beasts, this is part of my plan. Just watch.”


 Not long after, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable saw that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s injuries were recovering even more rapidly, his mental energy also recovered as well.


 Before the two venerables questioned him, Fang Yuan rubbed his nose: “Oh, it seems that my plan failed.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stayed silent while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to speak, but Fang Yuan suddenly snorted coldly: “Give me a minute I need to prepare a powerful method!”


 Saying so, he flew up to the sky and looked down at the battlefield.


 The two venerables looked at each other before taking action to obstruct Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 After Fang Yuan’s preparation, a huge field of fire clouds appeared above him. From them, flaming meteors descended, they were all around the size of mountains, there was a long trail behind them as they crashed into Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Following his instincts, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable roared towards the sky, but he saw that these meteors flew past him without landing on him at all!


 Countless meteors flew across the battlefield, descending rapidly.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s expression turned colder as her eyes sparked like lightning, Star Constellation Chessboard appeared above her head.


 A large number of pieces flew out of the chessboard and hit the flaming meteors rapidly, destroying them.


 Fang Yuan was confused: “Star Constellation, what are you doing?! These flaming meteors are very useful to me, I have a second move to use with them.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gritted her teeth: “If I did not stop them, these meteors would have pierced the heavenly wind qi wall and landed in Central Continent.”


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly: “Star Constellation, we are trying to kill a venerable, are you unwilling to pay a small price like this? If this happened in Eastern Sea, I would not have interfered. With this level of sincerity, you think we can kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable today?”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stared at Fang Yuan: “Fang Yuan, don’t go overboard! Among the three of us, who do you think has the least sincerity?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression also turned cold: “Star Constellation, do you think I am such a person? To kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, I gave you multiple Immortal Gu and even lost my heaven form killer move!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable were speechless.


 It was clearly Fang Yuan’s poor planning that got him targeted, he was too weak and unable to protect his rank nine killer move, but now, from his tone, he wanted to seek compensation from them?


 How could that be possible!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable spoke: “Fang Yuan, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable is targeting you. The two of us are helping you to deal with Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now.”


 But Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Do I need your help? I can easily take care of this. You two can return to Longevity Heaven and Heavenly Court, I will fight against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable in Central Continent and Northern Plains to the best of my abilities, and I will take his life in the end. Just Spectral Soul alone is nothing to fear!”



***
Chapter 2236 - Secretly Unsealing Truthful Floating Ice


***





 Chapter 2236: Secretly Unsealing Truthful Floating Ice 

 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Fang Yuan said while unsealing more immemorial soul beasts.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable moved rapidly, grabbing these immemorial soul beasts and devouring them into his stomach.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyelids were twitching while Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s expression turned dark.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan emphasized on the words ‘Central Continent, Northern Plains’, he was clearly using these regions to threaten them.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable suggested that they should kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, regardless of her motive, this suggestion itself was a good one.


 But because of Fang Yuan’s actions, he was clearly disrupting the two venerables and using it as a threat to extort something from them to make up for his losses this time.


 The two venerables smiled coldly to themselves, they understood why he would do this.


 If they placed themselves in Fang Yuan’s perspective, they would do the same thing.


 After all, Fang Yuan was a new venerable, he did not have a deep foundation like the other two, he lacked immortal essence as well, these reasons caused him to lag behind the two venerables. If they fought against Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he would face the greatest risk.


 Even if Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was killed, in terms of snatching battle spoils, because Fang Yuan lacked immortal essence and would not be able to last longer in combat, it was likely that he could not outdo these two venerables. In fact, after they kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, if he runs out of immortal essence, the two of them would attack him immediately!


 Fighting in this situation was very disadvantageous to Fang Yuan.


 As for the two venerables?


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable secretly transmitted: “Giant Sun, Heaven Refining Demon Venerable spent a lot of immortal essence to guard heaven form, he is currently at his weakest. You know that he is a greater threat than Spectral Soul Demon Venerable! Why don’t we...”


 Before Star Constellation Immortal Venerable finished, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable interrupted: “Star Constellation, you can make a move first, I will support you!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted: “Giant Sun, your words lack sincerity.”


 Whoever attacked Fang Yuan first would face his retaliation first.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable said that nicely, but if Star Constellation Immortal Venerable attacked, would he still help? What was in his best interests was to watch Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable fight it out.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to work with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to fight against Fang Yuan. The truth was, she felt more wary against Fang Yuan!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable also wanted to see Fang Yuan’s death.


 They all knew that Fang Yuan had the least amount of immortal essence among them.


 But how low was low?


 They had to make sure of this quantity first.


 According to their investigative methods, Fang Yuan still had a portion of his immortal essence reserves.


 If either of the two venerables wanted to kill Fang Yuan, they would need to pay a terrifying price. And in this situation with three venerables, they simply could not take the risk.


 The two venerables working together was the best choice for them.


 But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not trust each other at all!


 They were also worried that if they forced Fang Yuan’s hand, he might attack Central Continent and Northern Plains!


 Normally speaking, Gu Immortals had their own unspoken rules, they would not attack mortals or Gu Masters. This was something very disgraceful, especially for a venerable, their pride would not allow them to make such actions.


 “But with Fang Yuan’s principles and bottom line, he would not hesitate to do so.” Both venerables agreed on this point with no uncertainty.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was the most protective of his descendants, how could he allow Fang Yuan to slaughter them openly?


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the second Immortal King of Heavenly Court, how could she watch as Central Continent’s ten great ancient sects get destroyed by Fang Yuan? She would become a great sinner of Heavenly Court!


 Thus, both venerables did not dare to act excessively.


 “Sigh, now it seems that we cannot kill Fang Yuan or Spectral Soul Demon Venerable this time.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable sighed to herself: “In that case, what’s the point of wasting time here?”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to retreat now, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was thinking of the same thing.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable still felt some grudge towards Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, he transmitted to her secretly: “I have to say, Star Constellation, if you really want to use Spectral Soul Demon Venerable to deal a blow to Fang Yuan, you should have stalled for more time so that he would waste more immortal essence on heaven form!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly: “The fusion of the two heavens was short and intense, now is the most unstable moment, it is extremely hard to sustain heaven form. Fang Yuan is a refinement path venerable, with his ability, he should have been able to protect the killer move while resisting Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.”


 “Who could have thought that he would resolutely sacrifice the white heavenly spirit and give up on this rank nine killer move!” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable showed an expression of pity.


 She did not know the truth.


 Fang Yuan had done his best at that time, the refinement of a rank nine Immortal Gu took too much of his attention, he had no choice but to give up on heaven form.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed as well: “Star Constellation, don’t you understand? Even though Fang Yuan is a demon, he is extremely cautious. He seems to be taking huge risks at times, but he is extremely vigilant inside. Although many of his actions seemed rash and risky, he had done so because of Spring Autumn Cicada, he was greatly assured!”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable snorted coldly, she did not want to talk with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable secretly anymore, she spoke out loud: “In that case, forget about it. We’ll meet again, everyone!”


 Saying so, she turned around to leave.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled at Fang Yuan and left just as quickly as her.


 Fang Yuan purposely moved slightly slower than them, he was stunned before retreating, but Spectral Soul Demon Venerable pursued him.


 Fang Yuan transmitted to the two venerables: “You two left so abruptly, you still want to talk about sincerity?! Spectral Soul Demon Venerable has lost his sanity, are you going to let him slaughter the innocent lives in the world? You two are so cruel, you are vicious people, how can you call yourselves Immortal Venerables?”


 After Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable heard his words, they could not help but think of his ‘mistakes’ earlier which helped to heal Spectral Soul Demon Venerable.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable kept quiet and did not reply.


 While Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled and said: “Fang Yuan, we underestimated you in Crazed Demon Cave which resulted in your success. But now, you have to work harder, there is no need to say such things in the future. How can simple words affect the battle between venerables? Powerless excuses will only sound like the expression of the weak.”


 “Good, good, good.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and said these words forcefully before he went silent.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable bore deep hatred towards Fang Yuan, even though the two venerables left, he still chased Fang Yuan relentlessly.


 After Fang Yuan toyed around with him for some time, he used the same trick to activate a battlefield killer move and conceal himself again.


 After Spectral Soul Demon Venerable lost his target, he remained at the area and growled angrily, refusing to leave for a long time.


 “Good, while Fang Yuan is trapped, I can use this chance to refine Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable returned to Heavenly Court and said in satisfaction as she saw this.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was still on the way back to Northern Plains, he thought: “In this contest of three venerables, Fang Yuan suffered the greatest losses. Not only did he lose the rank nine killer move heaven form and several Immortal Gu, he also expended some immortal essence. If he was not crafty enough to help Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, he will be in a worse state.”


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable...”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s eyes shined with bright light.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had refined many Northern Plains wisdom path dao marks, the size surpassed the luck path dao marks that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable refined in Central Continent.


 The reason was because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s emphasis was on Fang Yuan’s Eastern Sea, although he refined some Central Continent luck path dao marks, the total quantity was only half of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was not assured, after returning to Longevity Heaven, he used luck path investigative methods.


 With some buzzing sound, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable first checked Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s luck, it had gotten slightly stronger.


 He looked at Fang Yuan’s luck, it was still the same broken furnace as earlier.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable then inspected his own luck and frowned lightly.


 “Even though my luck grew stronger, the external threat has grown significantly. What is going on? Where is this threat coming from?”


 There were too few things that could threaten a venerable.


 “Fang Yuan? No way.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable shook his head.


 “The other venerables? Like the possible revival of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable or others?”


 “The most likely ones are from Heavenly Court! Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gained a lot this time, while Heavenly Court’s two other Immortal Venerables have yet to revive!”


 “It seems that my greatest enemy is still Heavenly Court. In comparison, although Fang Yuan is a venerable, his foundation is too thin. In the contest of venerables, one step behind will cause him to lag by many steps later. In the future... if we maintain our advantage, we can just guard against his possible retaliation.”


 Currently, in terms of venerable battle strength, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the least threatening.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was the strongest, especially in Longevity Heaven, using his previous life’s dao marks, he could forcefully inspect the luck of the other venerables. This was something that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable could not do.


 But in the outside world, without Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks, even if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used similar methods, he could not reach such an effect.


 “Maybe I can try to attack Heavenly Court?” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable suddenly had such a thought.


 Once Star Constellation Immortal Venerable refines Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks, she would receive a greater amplification than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!


 This was because not only had Star Constellation Immortal Venerable contributed her own immortal aperture into it, all of the previous generation wisdom path Gu Immortals had also done the same, becoming part of Heavenly Court’s foundation.


 But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable soon shook his head, rejecting this idea.


 Firstly, he did not have heaven form, the luck path method he used to invade Heavenly Court earlier had been dismantled, he could not get in easily anymore.


 Secondly, fighting against Heavenly Court’s Star Constellation Immortal Venerable now would expend his immortal essence, it would allow Fang Yuan to catch up.


 “In the contest of three venerables, neither can make a move easily. We need more situations like today’s to truly claim victory.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed, he did not stay in Longevity Heaven for long, he went back to Northern Plains to refine the luck path dao marks.


 Fang Yuan was still ‘trapped’ in the battlefield killer move, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had not left yet.


 But Fang Yuan was not anxious.


 “I’ll show weakness for a while longer to relax the two venerables’ guard.”


 “But undoubtedly, this obscured heavenly secret killer move is so useful!” This was not the first time Fang Yuan praised this move.


 Right now, obscured heavenly secret’s temporary heaven path dao marks were extremely dense, they were like a huge fishing net that wrapped around his entire body.


 Within the sovereign immortal aperture, after the first blooming of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, Fang Yuan gained ninety-nine yellow apricot immortal essence beads!


 A flash of light sparked in Fang Yuan’s eyes as yellow apricot immortal essence was rapidly expended, soon, he activated a heaven path method.


 Using this heaven path killer move, he started to unseal the truthful floating ice that he obtained from Crazed Demon Cave.



***
Chapter 2237 - Heaven Path Master


***





 Chapter 2237: Heaven Path Master 

 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 The blue-white truthful floating ice was shrinking inch by inch.


 In the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, Fang Yuan obtained several pieces of truthful floating ice, among them, one was quite large.


 As yellow apricot immortal essence got rapidly expended, his heaven path dao marks also grew in numbers rapidly!


 Fang Yuan’s heaven path dao marks had reached two hundred and forty thousand already, after unsealing the truthful floating ice for six hours, his heaven path dao marks grew by sixty thousand. Ten thousand dao marks per hour, it was quite a good gain.


 But this was not his own gain.


 Fang Yuan’s rule path, wisdom path, transformation path, strength path, earth path, wood path, and others were rising.


 “These paths correspond to Limitless Demon Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable... These venerables all went into the eighth layer of Crazed Demon Cave, they had their respective investments.”


 “No, that’s not all.” After unsealing the truthful floating ice for sixteen hours, Fang Yuan found that his other paths’ attainment levels were rising too.


 But the growth in the other paths was much smaller and almost unobservable. Only after a long time and with sufficient accumulation could there be any significant changes.


 Among all the paths, the attainment level that rose the most was heaven path!


 Fang Yuan’s foundation in heaven path was actually very weak.


 He had only cultivated it for a short time after all. All of his foundation were obtained from predecessors, for example, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s human executing heaven’s work, or Limitless Demon Venerable’s unrestrained heavenly mark killer move.


 Several days later in sovereign immortal aperture, his heaven path dao marks grew to a million and two hundred thousand. His heaven path attainment level went all the way from ordinary to master level!


 Fang Yuan stopped for now.


 He had expended over a hundred yellow apricot immortal essence beads.


 If Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus had not bloomed once more during this period, Fang Yuan would not be able to keep up the expenditure.


 “I need to save some immortal essence in case of a venerable battle.”


 Fang Yuan carefully assessed his gains.


 The heaven path master attainment level gave him a comprehensive growth!


 Regarding his heaven path Gu recipes, killer moves, and the understanding of the Heavenly Dao, he had renewed insight and even deeper comprehension.


 The most crucial thing was the conflict of dao marks!


 His earlier intuition was not wrong, after becoming a heaven path master, he would be able to create a conflict dao mark method to completely solve the sovereign immortal aperture’s problem.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had many different phenomena occurring, the origin was because of the non-conflicting dao marks, they had fused too easily.


 Once conflict arose, sovereign immortal aperture would be elevated to a new level, it would regain peace.


 Fang Yuan immediately used wisdom path methods to fully deduce the relevant killer move.


 Several days passed.


 Fang Yuan stored the battlefield killer move and left the immemorial two heavens.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable stayed for a long time but eventually gave up. Now, he was rampaging in the immemorial two heavens while eating soul beast armies and also fighting against the sun.


 Fang Yuan had no heaven form killer move left, he could not sense Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who was far away.


 But Fang Yuan got back to Eastern Sea successfully.


 He landed deep in Eastern Sea and started to refine the natural refinement path dao marks of Eastern Sea.


 At once, profound light surged as rank nine aura spread like a tornado to the surroundings, the countless lifeforms nearby fled in fear.


 Song clan’s Gu Immortals were the first ones alerted, after seeing this, they understood: Great Love Immortal Venerable was refining the natural refinement path dao marks.


 Song clan’s first supreme elder quickly gathered the Gu Immortals to discuss the matter, they wanted to meet Fang Yuan and offer him a gift.


 After all, Fang Yuan was currently in Song clan’s territory.


 However, they were soon informed by Wu Shuai that the members of the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance were not allowed to disturb Great Love Immortal Venerable now.


 Song clan’s members signed in relief but they also felt disappointed.


 While Fang Yuan refined the natural dao marks, he also continued deducing his heaven path killer moves.


 Not long after, he gained some results.


 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied yet.


 This newly deduced heaven path killer move was not much different from Paradise Earth’s heavenly summary earthly norm.


 Heavenly summary earthly norm was able to arrange heaven path dao marks to allow the target to recover to their normal condition, it was the counter to battlefield killer moves.


 Fang Yuan’s deductions allowed heavenly summary earthly norm to go one step further.


 When used in the sovereign immortal aperture, it could allow the environment of the immortal aperture to change into the environment of the five regions and two heavens.


 The natural dao marks of the five regions and two heavens were definitely conflicting. Thus, after converting them, the sovereign immortal aperture’s dao marks would also conflict.


 “If I use this killer move hundreds or thousands of times, my sovereign immortal aperture will become like the five regions and two heavens, it will no longer have any strange phenomena.”


 “But in that case, I will lose my advantage of non-conflicting dao marks, the losses will be too severe and I cannot cultivate all paths again.”


 That was a cost Fang Yuan could not accept.


 Looking at the sovereign immortal aperture’s advantage and its abnormal phenomena, the former was naturally more important.


 “Can’t the conflict appear and disappear according to my will? Segregating the locations of conflicting dao marks like the time path zones?”


 Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 He had no idea on how to start realizing this concept.


 Maybe when his heaven path attainment level reaches great grandmaster or higher, he might be able to achieve this?


 This time, Fang Yuan did not have any intuition regarding this, he could not be certain.


 “Speaking of which, sovereign immortal fetus Gu is a human path rank nine Immortal Gu. To resolve my current problem, maybe I should target human path instead?” Fang Yuan had a flash of inspiration, he saw a new direction to move towards.


 He had found the solution in terms of heaven path, but the price to pay was something that Fang Yuan could not accept.


 Would human path work?


 Back then, to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable sacrificed the ten extreme physiques.


 Speaking of human path research results, Fang Yuan thought of his clone who was trapped in Divine Emperor City.


 After Shen Shang broke out of Divine Emperor City, he only brought back news of the clone who was still lurking inside Divine Emperor City.


 “In the current world, Shen Shang is definitely one of the top human path experts, if I want to get his human path research results, what sort of price should I pay?”


 Heavenly Court.


 “Oh? Fang Yuan left the two heavens and went back to Eastern Sea, he has started refining natural dao marks.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable soon heard of Fang Yuan’s actions.


 “Even though he has the least immortal essence, he became venerable through refinement path. In terms of refining dao marks, it should be his expertise.” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was very concerned with Fang Yuan’s speed of refining dao marks.


 If Fang Yuan’s efficiency was too high, she would join up with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to deal with Fang Yuan together.


 Otherwise, if he surpassed them in this aspect, it would be a huge problem for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable!


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable did not want to think about Spectral Soul Demon Venerable now.


 The contest of three venerables had reached a new stage.


 Whichever venerable refined the most natural dao marks would have the greatest advantage.


 “When refining the dao marks, I can multitask by modifying killer moves and changing my combat system. This will grant me an advantage in the future fight between the venerables.”


 “Star Eyes, Star Thought, Permanence...”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable stared at these three Immortal Gu in her immortal aperture as her gaze became focused.


 After obtaining them from Fang Yuan, she had already inspected them a hundred times but found no problems.


 Yet, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was still a little suspicious.


 She was not a refinement path venerable after all, although she had some achievements in refinement path, she could not compare to Fang Yuan at all, this was undeniable.


 It was like asking Fang Yuan to compare with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable in wisdom path, they were not on the same level.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had spent a hundred years of time to refine rank nine wisdom Gu in her previous life.


 “Even if I find no issues with them, this does not mean that Fang Yuan did not tamper with them. But this possibility is quite small... I also have to use these Immortal Gu no matter what.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable decided to take a risk.


 She cultivated wisdom path primarily with star path secondarily, her combat system revolved around these two paths. But currently, her main method, the stardust killer move, was countered by Fang Yuan.


 If Star Constellation Immortal Venerable wanted to gain an advantage in their future fight, she would need to modify it greatly.


 In her modification plan, star thought Gu, star eyes Gu, and permanence Gu had a huge role to play. Otherwise, why would Star Constellation Immortal Venerable request for Fang Yuan to make them?


 Longevity Heaven.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable retracted his gaze from Eastern Sea.


 “Now, I need to pay attention to Fang Yuan’s refinement progress.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable reminded himself while checking his own immortal essence reserves.


 He only had over five hundred yellow apricot immortal essence beads left.


 The refinement of natural dao marks expended a lot of immortal essence.


 Longevity Heaven could not produce immortal essence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was relying on his own rank nine immortal aperture, the production speed was similar to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Be it Longevity Heaven or Heavenly Court, the revived two venerables were on the same level as Fang Yuan, they had not gone through the first chaotic disaster.


 “Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture has immense foundation far surpassing me and Star Constellation. Thus, using the same amount of time, he can produce more immortal essence than us.”


 “Also, he has a large number of blood path Immortal Gu!”


 Thinking of this, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s expression turned a little dark.


 He cultivated luck path mainly with blood path on the side, he naturally needed a lot of blood path Immortal Gu.


 But Fang Yuan had refined many of them already, although they were kept at rank six, Immortal Gu were unique.


 This ruined many of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s wonderful plans.


 Earlier, when guarding heaven form, Fang Yuan negotiated with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he used these blood path Immortal Gu as the bargaining chip to haggle with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable managed to get three Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable got none.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was brooding over this.


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knows that Fang Yuan has the sovereign immortal aperture, as long as the latter’s refinement speed is fast, I will contact her.”


 “It is unlikely that she will reject my offer to work together!”


 “By then, I will work with Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to fight against Fang Yuan again. While expending his immortal essence, I can also extort those blood path Immortal Gu from him.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made various plans.


 He did not know that Fang Yuan was in possession of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, thus, he was more wary of Heavenly Court now.


 But now, there was no opportunity for him to attack Heavenly Court or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 Fang Yuan’s possession of those blood path Immortal Gu also greatly hindered his own blood path cultivation.



***
Chapter 2238 - Sunken Fish, Song Yi Shi


***





 Chapter 2238: Sunken Fish, Song Yi Shi 

 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 With the fusion of both heavens, the surface of the sea became light and dark at alternate times.


 The sun and moon appeared together, all living beings were sent into chaos, in addition to the reign of three venerables, this was an unprecedented situation.


 As tides ebbed and flowed, winds blew gently as Fang Yuan sat on a cloud, he slowly opened his eyes.


 He had already spent some time refining Eastern Sea’s refinement path dao marks, he had some insight now.


 Currently, he had already refined over half of Song clan’s territory in terms of refinement path dao marks, the range had spread to poetic emotion sea area in the northwest, and also Ascending Heaven Plain in the southeast.


 All the refinement path dao marks in this area belonged to Fang Yuan.


 Currently, even without shutting his eyes, Fang Yuan could sense many things related to refinement path.


 He had an extremely clear understanding of the quantity and distribution of refinement path dao marks in this area.


 All sorts of refinement path Gu materials deep under the sea, the fish and shrimps that contained refinement path dao marks, even the location of aquatic plants and others could be sensed by him.


 Currently, Fang Yuan had many thoughts in his mind, he needed to test them.


 He willed and stopped the refinement of dao marks, instead, he used an investigative killer move.


 At the next moment, his gaze pierced through the sea and went thousands of li deep, seeing a huge fish.


 This fish was as large as a building with five to six storeys of height. The fish had a sharp front and back, with a thick middle section, it was like a shuttle. The scales were grey-black and did not shine, they had a rough texture that felt like gravel.


 This was a sunken fish, it contained rule path and refinement path dao marks.


 The sunken fish was at least an ancient desolate beast, there were also immemorial desolate beasts among them.


 Fang Yuan was looking at an immemorial desolate beast sunken fish.


 The sunken fish had a special trait, every few years, it would move its tail and come to the surface to breathe fresh air, that would cause it to be swept by the currents. And because it was heavy, it would continuously sink to the bottom while the currents moved it away.


 Whenever it moved its tail and exerted force to reach the surface, the scales of the sunken fish would fall off its body in the process, after it breathed enough fresh air, scales would grow on it again and it would become motionless, floating with the currents while sinking downwards.


 These scales that fell off its body seemed heavy but they were light and delicate, most would float to the surface of the sea. After a long time, these scales would be swept ashore, Gu Masters would pick them up and treat them as treasure.


 The sunken fish scales were crucial Gu materials to refine beauty Gu, they had high value.


 On this point, they were like the feathers of the falling goose.


 “But to refine beauty Immortal Gu, I will need to use both immortal materials, sunken fish scales and falling goose feathers.” While looking at this sunken fish, Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a faint smile.


 He had the same sensation as earlier when he refined dao marks.


 “If I refine the refinement path dao marks in the sunken fish’s body, what would happen?”


 Fang Yuan had refined the dao marks of the natural world earlier, it did not include the dao marks of lifeforms like the sunken fish.


 Fang Yuan tried it out immediately, he chose a refinement path killer move and modified it a little to allow him to forcefully refine this sunken fish from a far distance!


 The forceful refinement had just started when the lazy sunken fish jolted like it was shocked by lightning, it moved its tail quickly and tried to swim far away.


 It erupted with speed that did not match its huge size, a huge current was formed in the sea because of the force generated.


 “Where are you going?”


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, he activated another method.


 The sunken fish immediately stopped moving while Fang Yuan forcefully refined all of its refinement path dao marks.


 After the refinement, Fang Yuan’s sensation of the sunken fish became several times clearer!


 Fang Yuan let go of the restraint as the sunken fish regained freedom, but its emotions were very negative, there were fear, anger, numbness, sadness, and others, it was as if the fish was undergoing a turmoil and could not continue living its life.


 “What happened?”


 Fang Yuan slowly observed the sunken fish, he saw that it had stopped eating food.


 The food of the sunken fish was not seaweed or fish, it was underwater sea soil.


 Every few years, the scales on the fish would turn into ordinary Gu materials or fall off on their own, they could not ensure its safety. Thus, it would sink to the bottom and eat a large amount of soil.


 This sunken fish that Fang Yuan tortured had lost most of its scales. Normally speaking, it should sink to the bottom of the sea and eat soil now.


 “Did it lose the will to live after I brutally did that?” Fang Yuan shook his head, he quickly used a wisdom path method.


 After some deductions, he understood the reason.


 The sunken fish ate sea soil to fill its stomach, but also to produce more scales.


 The source that produced its scales were the refinement path dao marks on its body.


 Because of these refinement path dao marks, it could digest the sea soil and draw nutrients from them, converting them into thick immortal material scales.


 But now, all of its refinement path dao marks were refined by Fang Yuan, it lost this ability.


 Thus, even though it lacked scales, it did not attempt to eat sea soil.


 In order to test his findings, Fang Yuan used a food path killer move on this immemorial sunken fish.


 Soon, the sunken fish got hungry.


 This time, it chose to eat the sea soil.


 But good times did not last, soil soon accumulated in its stomach but could not be digested quickly. If Fang Yuan did not dispel the food path killer move in time, the immemorial sunken fish would have died from stuffing itself with sea soil without being able to digest it.


 Fang Yuan used just a few methods to completely cripple an immemorial desolate beast.


 “What if I return the dao marks to it?” Fang Yuan started to deduce again, he soon made a refinement path killer move that had an accompanying wisdom path killer move.


 Fang Yuan first used the wisdom path killer move to raise the mood of the sunken fish and started to guide it.


 Next, he used a refinement path method to teach the sunken fish to refine all of its refinement path dao marks.


 Not long after, the sunken fish regained its refinement path dao marks, light returned to its eyes as its life became less bleak, the negative emotions also left it.


 It quickly refined the sea soil in its body and turned them into immortal material fish scales.


 Fang Yuan nodded, this result was in line with his guess.


 Next, he refined the refinement path dao marks of the immemorial sunken fish again.


 The sunken fish: “...”


 It fell into a state of intense and complex emotions like numbness, fear, anger, and shock.


 Fang Yuan used brute force to chase it away to the bottom of the sea, which had fewer refinement path dao marks that Fang Yuan had already refined.


 As he expected, his sensation of this immemorial sunken fish became much weaker.


 But when Fang Yuan placed this immemorial sunken fish to a place with more refinement path dao marks, his connection to the sunken fish became much clearer and stable.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand, seawater erupted, the refinement path dao marks within one li were all destroyed by him.


 In his sensation, this place became somewhat like a black hole.


 After Fang Yuan placed the immemorial sunken fish into this black hole, he could not sense the sunken fish at all.


 “This proves that my refinement path sensation is extended through the dao marks. This is like how a spider uses its webs.”


 Fang Yuan’s refinement path sensation was limited to the areas where he had refined dao marks.


 These last days, he stayed in the deepest part of Eastern Sea and built his own spider web. If he or his prey left the range of the web, then he would not be able to sense anything.


 Fang Yuan felt quite satisfied about this discovery.


 Because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had also refined a portion of Eastern Sea’s luck path dao marks.


 As long as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not personally interact with this area of luck path dao marks, he would not have any luck path sensation, he would not be able to use the dao marks to do anything.


 “Of course, I cannot rule out the possibility that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable has immortal killer moves that can allow him to bypass distance and make use of the luck path dao marks he refined in Eastern Sea.” Fang Yuan reminded himself.


 After confirming many guesses, Fang Yuan had a lot of gains.


 He did the same thing again and returned the immemorial sunken fish’s dao marks to it.


 After that, he stopped torturing the poor fish and let it swim away in fear and panic.


 Fang Yuan fell into deep thought.


 “Even though refinement path dao marks are present all over the five regions and two heavens, they are not evenly distributed, some areas have more dao marks while others have fewer.”


 “For me, the more abundant the refinement path dao marks, the better.”


 “In that case, after I refine these dao marks, my refinement path sensation will get stronger. When fighting or refining Gu in such an environment, the amplification will be huge.”


 “Huh? What was this situation?”


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed slightly, he could sense an intense refinement path fluctuation from far away.


 “Poetic emotion sea area.”


 Fang Yuan immediately used his investigative method and saw through the truth, he quickly found the source of the refinement path fluctuation.


 It was Song Yi Shi.


 Poetic emotion sea area was the territory of Song Yi Shi, she had built a palace in the underwater volcano.


 Currently, she was cultivating in her palace, her clothes were all taken off, exposing her snow-white flesh and slender figure.


 She was activating a water path killer move, endless steam was produced.


 The steam covered her entire body, making her beautiful face even more alluring than normal.


 Fang Yuan understood at once: “So that’s it.”


 He immediately deciphered that Song Yi Shi was practicing her water path defensive killer move.


 Eastern Sea’s Song clan specialized in water path, they had a signature water path inheritance called flowing water. This inheritance had defensive killer moves like noncorroding flowing water, emotionless flowing water, flowering flowing water and others, they guarded against poison path, wisdom path, and wood path respectively. There were also killer moves like flowing water carriage for movement, thin flowing water that reduced immortal essence expenditure, flowing water wine party that mimicked food path effect, or moving cloud flowing water that helped with killer move activation.


 “Song Yi Shi is currently using noncorroding flowing water. This is a passive defensive method, the essence is to carve water path defensive killer move on the body. Once a poison path attack lands, it will activate on its own.”


 “This is a form of Gu refinement in essence, except that the target is the Gu Immortal’s physical body.”


 “No wonder I can sense it.”


 Fang Yuan realized and took a close look.


 He had incredible attainment levels, he was a supreme grandmaster in refinement path and a great grandmaster in water path.


 After looking for a while, he deciphered all of the profundities of noncorroding flowing water.


 Fang Yuan gained some interest.


 It was a great opportunity, he had new ideas to test out.



***
Chapter 2239 - Same Origin


***





 Chapter 2239: Same Origin 

 Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios


 Song Yi Shi cultivated for six hours before stopping her killer move.


 She let out a breath of air and opened her eyes, she saw that a lump of steam that was vague and illusory flowed from her arms to her legs, finally stopping at her chest.


 Song Yi Shi looked at the steam and felt joyful internally: “At this rate, I can complete my cultivation of this noncorroding flowing water killer move in half a month.”


 “Strange, why did this cultivation session feel more effective than before? Is it just me?”


 Song Yi Shi shook her head slightly.


 She inspected her immortal essence.


 There was little immortal essence left, she also lacked immortal essence stones now.


 “Sigh, Heavenly Court is the source of immortal essence stones, once they stopped distributing those, the entire market’s immortal essence stones fell greatly in number. I have grandfather’s help in secret, but all other Gu Immortals should be having a tougher time!”


 Song Yi Shi sighed to herself.


 If she had enough immortal essence stones, she would use them to replenish her immortal essence now to continue cultivating the noncorroding flowing water killer move.


 But now, she had to slow down and let her immortal essence produce immortal essence naturally. After it accumulates to a degree, she could resume her cultivation.


 “After I complete the noncorroding flowing water killer move, I will move on to emotionless flowing water. My clan’s flowing water inheritance is our signature inheritance, it is renowned in Eastern Sea, being quite exceptional even in the five regions. Passive defensive killer moves are rare to begin with, normally speaking, Gu Immortals can only cultivate one of them, they cannot stack many passive defensive killer moves.”


 “But my clan’s flowing water inheritance has a unique concept, it is ingenious. By using the same core, we can stack passive defensive killer moves.”


 Thinking of this, Song Yi Shi felt a little proud of her background.


 But soon, such emotions vanished.


 “Sigh, I am still far from success.”


 “After completing emotionless flowing water, I will undergo tribulation and reach rank seven.”


 “With the contest of three venerables and the fusion of two heavens, the five regions chaotic war may erupt at any time!”


 Song Yi Shi was originally the prized jewel of her clan, she was doted on by her grandfather and received the support of the clan, having no lack of resources. Her incredible appearance also made her one of the six beauties of Eastern Sea.


 But her carefree life could no longer return.


 The situation was changing too rapidly, Song Yi Shi felt no sense of assurance at all. Currently, all of Eastern Sea’s righteous path super forces had joined Fang Yuan’s side, this was something unimaginable in the past!


 The external pressure forced Song Yi Shi, this prized jewel, to have an intense urge to cultivate.


 Especially when Song clan’s first supreme elder, Song Qi Yuan, who was also her grandfather, gave Song Yi Shi some exciting news.


 In the letter, Song Qi Yuan nagged endlessly before mentioning the orders of the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, they were going to pick a number of merfolk Gu Immortals from the Merman Imperial Court to live in sovereign immortal aperture.


 Even though Fang Yuan did not specify the ratio of male to female he wanted, the Merman Imperial Court purposely chose some female immortals with the most beautiful appearances and elegant demeanors.


 In addition, Fang Yuan had never been known to have any love interests, he had always faced great external pressure all the way until he became a venerable, now that he could rival Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven, his pressure fell immensely.


 Along this train of thought, Song Qi Yuan mentioned Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Back then, after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable became venerable, he took in all the beauties of the world and created five harem palaces.


 Afterwards, he mentioned the other venerables.


 All the ten venerables had partners in their lives, only the number was different.


 Even the unmarried Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had once been in love, it involved a certain variant human Gu Immortal...


 Song Qi Yuan vaguely suggested an idea in order to probe the intention of his beloved granddaughter.


 “If Great Love Immortal Venerable wants to choose a wife or concubine, will Song clan offer me to him?!” Initially, Song Yi Shi was very angry.


 But a few days later, she calmed down and thought about it rationally: “Grandfather will not force me, he is only raising this possibility and wants to see if I am willing to do so.”


 “However, if Great Love Immortal Venerable orders this personally like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and wants to collect beauties, how can I escape? How can Song clan protect me?”


 Song Yi Shi, who had always been proud as a crane, felt bitter and helpless internally after she realized this.


 “If such a situation occurs, I cannot burden this clan which nurtured and raised me. Grandfather loves me so deeply, he funded me and gave me water clothing Immortal Gu secretly, if not for this Immortal Gu, how could I have modified the killer move and successfully cultivated the flowing water inheritance? How can I repay him? How can I let my unwillingness lead to Song clan’s extermination?”


 “How can I be this selfish?” Song Yi Shi thought of this and felt a deep sense of guilt internally.


 Along this thought, she thought of the deeper aspect.


 “If Great Love Immortal Venerable has such intentions, for the sake of the clan, I need to offer myself to him. Why should I wait until then? Why can’t I go further and take the initiative instead? If I can succeed, by just sacrificing myself, I will ensure the prosperity of Song clan for countless years!”


 “Sigh, I’ll stop thinking about this...”


 Fang Yuan did not know that just one order from him led to such distorted thoughts of his subordinates.


 In fact, Fang Yuan did not know that Song Yi Shi was having complex emotions now, he was looking at his recent gains.


 When Song Yi Shi cultivated, Fang Yuan had secretly used methods through the refinement path dao marks in poetic emotion sea area to help her out.


 Fang Yuan gave it a simple try, the effort was as mild as breathing, but Song Yi Shi’s cultivation gains rose by at least ten percent.


 “If I use my full effort, Song Yi Shi’s cultivation efficiency will rise by tens of times!”


 “She is undergoing water path cultivation, because it is a passive defensive method, it has something to do with refinement path. If this were a genuine Gu refinement attempt, my influence would be even greater.”


 “This means that I can use refinement path to help others refine Gu. At the same time, I can also ruin their attempts. Or at least, without my permission, nobody can refine an Immortal Gu in my refinement path dao mark domain!”


 This was terrifying.


 The power of a venerable was displayed at its fullest.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed but he also had a heavy mood.


 If his refinement path could have such an influence, it meant that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would have the same influence in luck path and wisdom path.


 “If I refine all the refinement path dao marks in the five regions and two heavens, while invigilating the world at all times, if any Gu Immortal tries to refine Immortal Gu, I will be able to ruin the attempt. In that case, can I make it such that only my faction can refine Immortal Gu?”


 Fang Yuan thought of this problem.


 But soon, he shook his head.


 If Gu Immortals refined Gu in their own immortal apertures, Fang Yuan could not influence them.


 Because immortal apertures were isolated worlds of their own.


 But if a Gu Immortal refined Gu outside, Fang Yuan would be able to sense and influence it.


 Putting aside the issue of Song Yi Shi, Fang Yuan placed his attention on a certain coral group deep in the sea.


 These corals contained abundant refinement path Gu materials, they were a natural refinement path resource point of heaven and earth, they had very high value but had not been discovered by anyone.


 Fang Yuan pondered and searched meticulously.


 He used time path killer moves to observe the formation of this coral group.


 Why did such a refinement path resource point form?


 Thousands of years ago, there was nothing here.


 But a sunken fish died here.


 The refinement path and rule path dao marks of the sunken fish spread out and influenced the surroundings.


 After a few hundred years, the sunken fish’s corpse decomposed entirely, while the environment also stabilized.


 Initially, all sorts of fish and shrimps came here in groups. Afterwards, middle sized and large sized beasts also moved here.


 The sea currents were turbulent, causing seeds and corals to be swept over.


 After thousands of years of development and natural selection, due to lucky opportunities and evolution, this resource point was created now.


 Fang Yuan’s focus was on the refinement path dao marks of the coral group.


 For thousands of years, the refinement path dao marks here had been increasing and decreasing, being extremely unstable. Eventually, the group grew to this size.


 “As long as I replicate the development of this refinement path resource point, with enough time, I can create such a refinement path resource point anywhere in the sovereign immortal aperture!”


 Of course, there was an easier method, which was to directly create a refinement path formation and consume immortal materials to create an environment that was similar to this coral resource point.


 But this method needed the formation to have some Immortal Gu, it also expended immortal essence.


 Meanwhile, creating a refinement path resource point through a naturally developed dao mark distribution would not expend immortal essence or require Immortal Gu.


 In truth, Fang Yuan had always been using the latter method for his development of the sovereign immortal aperture, by setting up immortal formations everywhere, he instantly created resource points. For example, the earth vein nodes and water vein nodes were all formations that he created.


 These formations not only used Immortal Gu, there were also formations that used immortal resources as the core.


 This was a quick method that needed very little time, but the cost was very high.


 While natural development had low costs (no Immortal Gu was needed, while immortal materials were slowly accumulated naturally), but the time needed was too long.


 “No matter which method it is, they have the same origin, they are all just killer moves.”


 Immortal formations were killer moves, while naturally derived dao mark distribution was also a type of passive killer move. It was just that this killer move was not defensive but was used to develop an environment.


 “Wait.” Fang Yuan thought of the killer moves divine concealment, ghostly concealment, and spaceless tunnel.


 Divine concealment and ghostly concealment both created thick and dense clothing of dao marks on the soul, they were like tightly weaved silk clothing. They did not expend immortal essence and were passive defensive killer moves.


 Additionally, spaceless tunnel was created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable as well, it was used in various places of the five regions and two heavens, shortening travel distance. This killer move from three hundred thousand years ago was still active now, but with the fusion of two heavens, it should have already been mostly destroyed.


 “The essence of these killer moves has no difference from the coral resource point.”


 Fang Yuan thought of fortune rivalling heaven Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu was a consumable Gu that could give the Gu Immortal immense luck to rival the heavens after use, no longer consuming immortal essence anymore.


 What was the difference in essence between it and the coral resource point?


 Fang Yuan then thought of the incomplete Refinement Sea.


 This was the refinement path secluded domain of heaven and earth that Lang Ya land spirit wanted to create with all his effort!


 “What is a secluded domain of heaven and earth? It is merely an agglomeration of dao marks of a specific path to form a certain special effect. Dang Hun Mountain produces guts Gu, while Qian Kun Crystal Wall can reflect everything that happens in this world.”


 “Secluded domains of heaven and earth are the extreme form of resource points, they are also the other aspect of Gu worms and killer moves.”


 “Thus, everything has the same point of origin?”



***
Chapter 2240 - Refinement Main, Heaven Specialty


***





 



 “Knowledge obtained from theory always feels shallow, one needs practice to understand it completely.” Fang Yuan muttered to himself.


 Understanding that all things had the same point of origin was one matter, putting it into practice was another.


 Fang Yuan completely comprehended the essence of killer moves like divine concealment and ghostly concealment, but he had done so through refinement path. Because of the limitation of theft path attainment level, he could not modify ghostly concealment yet.


 He had the ability to create refinement path killer moves similar to divine concealment and ghostly concealment, although it would be a difficult process and the price to pay would be great.


 During this period where the three venerables contested, if Fang Yuan invested a lot of his time and energy into creating a top tier refinement path killer move, it would be too risky.


 The timing and opportunity did not allow Fang Yuan to do so.


 However, the refinement path resource points of the five regions and two heavens had a lot of value to him as references.


 After Fang Yuan simplified them and took out the true core, he would be able to modify them into mature passive killer moves that could be used to develop the immortal aperture.


 Basically, these passive killer moves were very rare among killer moves, they had great value.


 The most common ones were defensive methods.


 Song Yi Shi’s pride came from this reason.


 Duke Long only had one of such a move too, it was called nine dragons protection.


 As far as Fang Yuan knew, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable created no more than five of such killer moves like divine concealment and ghostly concealment in his life.


 The creation of a killer move starts with the use of multiple Gu worms by a predecessor to gain experience gradually. The Gu cultivation predecessors took reference to the innate abilities of the living beings in the five regions and two heavens to rapidly establish the foundation of killer moves.


 Until today, the Gu cultivators had already hit the limit of this world.


 For example, Duke Long created the dragonman race, Lang Ya land spirit created an artificial secluded domain, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable created soul beasts, he turned all sorts of soul path killer moves into dao marks that were carved onto soul beasts to grant them innate abilities.


 All of these accomplishments showed that Gu cultivators had already rivaled the natural world, they were able to grasp the profundity of heaven and earth.


 And Limitless Demon Venerable went one step further.


 He made an arrangement in Crazed Demon Cave, breaking the world boundary to create a hole and even making brand new heaven path dao marks. He had surpassed the entire Gu cultivator world singlehandedly.


 This was the first time Fang Yuan was refining the refinement path dao marks of the outside world.


 With his supreme grandmaster attainment level and manual practice, Fang Yuan gained a lot of insight.


 To conclude —


 The five regions and two heavens had a vast number of refinement path dao marks, but they were not evenly distributed, some places were dense while others were sparse. These refinement path dao marks were very stable and hard to change, normally speaking, their growth was extremely slow and needed a lot of time to accumulate.


 These refinement path dao marks could be seen as the basis of the entire world’s refinement path foundation.


 On this foundation, a large number of beasts, plants, and lifeless Gu materials were produced and nurtured.


 These beasts and plants were related to refinement path, they were refinement path resources.


 Normally speaking, in places with dense refinement path dao marks, the relevant resources would also be more abundant and high quality. In places with sparse refinement path dao marks, there would be fewer refinement path resources and of lower quality.


 The refinement path dao marks and resources had a deep influence on each other. For example, the coral group that Fang Yuan saw earlier was a refinement path resource point, the source was an immemorial sunken fish that died thousands of years ago, its refinement path dao marks scattered in the surroundings and a portion was left behind in that location.


 The dao marks that Fang Yuan refined here were the refinement path foundation of the world.


 Refinement path resources were not included in this.


 The natural dao marks that Fang Yuan refined were like a huge spider web. As long as Fang Yuan was in range, he would be able to sense all refinement path activities within the web.


 This was the so-called refinement path sensation.


 Fang Yuan had a vague sensation of the refinement path resources, he could also sense the refinement path activities of Gu cultivators.


 In places with dense refinement path dao marks, the sensation would be more intense, stable, and clearer. For example, he would be able to find small-scale ordinary refinement path Gu materials.


 Conversely, if the refinement path dao marks were sparse, the refinement path sensation would be weaker. In those regions, Fang Yuan would only be able to sense refinement path immortal materials.


 If there was a hole in the spider web, or if a Gu Immortal refined Gu in their immortal aperture, Fang Yuan would not sense anything.


 Using the refinement path dao marks that he refined, Fang Yuan could influence everything in that range, he could interfere with the living beings as well as the natural environment.


 For example, he could help Song Yi Shi cultivate, strengthen refinement path resource points like the coral group, or even create a top tier refinement path passive killer move (like spaceless tunnel) that could exist indefinitely.


 Simply using refinement path dao marks to amplify his own strength was only the most basic use.


 “From the angle of refinement path, in the entire Gu cultivation world, the five regions and two heavens are just a giant immortal material. This immortal material comprises everything, it has dao marks of all paths.”


 “Even though I became a refinement path venerable, I can only refine a portion of this huge immortal material. This is true for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and all other venerables.”


 “Owning a portion of heaven and earth, this is what a Dao Lord entails!”


 “The other venerables are only able to become the Lord of one Dao, but I am different.”


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body had non-conflicting dao marks, he cultivated all paths. The other venerables could do one main path and one specialty path at best, their main path would become their venerable path, while their specialty path would be used to fight and compete.


 In theory, Fang Yuan could cultivate all the paths and become a venerable of all paths!


 This was the intention of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable when he spent all his effort to refine sovereign immortal fetus Gu.


 Fang Yuan had incomparable potential, the limit of his growth was unimaginable.


 “The other venerables also know this, the only reason why they did not kill me is because I displayed incredible battle strength in Crazed Demon Cave, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knew that the price to kill me was too great, they could not take the backlash.”


 Fang Yuan did not continue to refine dao marks.


 He decided to stop for now.


 Even though Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus had bloomed again in the sovereign immortal aperture and gave him nearly a hundred immortal essence beads again.


 Even though he had all sorts of refinement path methods to raise his refinement efficiency by many times, far surpassing the venerables.


 This was obvious.


 Refinement path most excelled in this aspect.


 In terms of refinement path, he far surpassed the other two venerables, this was the advantage of refinement path to begin with.


 “However, I cannot display my advantage now, it will overly agitate those venerables.” Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 Once he used his advantage, the two venerables would move.


 Although they felt that they had some advantage, if they saw that Fang Yuan’s dao mark refinement speed was so fast, they would not sit still, they would have to come and stop him.


 Fang Yuan was not afraid of getting attacked by them.


 After all, he had enough immortal essence reserves now, although the quantity was not high, the two venerables could not kill him in a short time, as they fought, Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus would gradually accumulate an advantage for Fang Yuan.


 But there was no point in going this far!


 Most importantly, it would cause Fang Yuan’s secret to be exposed, the existence of obscured heavenly secret, the loss was not worth the gain.


 Blindly using one’s advantage was the biggest trap in life.


 Fang Yuan knew deeply that assessing the situation was most important.


 “Next, I need to refine dao marks with a slower speed, my efficiency should be around the same level as the two venerables, but I need to stop multiple times to pretend that I am out of immortal essence. Of course, I cannot be overly weak, otherwise, they will want to work together to get rid of me.”


 Fang Yuan had a good grasp of this situation, he knew what to do.


 He had abundant life experience after all.


 Especially in the five hundred years of his previous life, all sorts of failure, pain, and losses became the valuable foundation that supported him.


 “Keeping a low profile while profiting greatly! By the time I expose this secret, I am sure the two venerables will not be able to keep their cool.”


 Fang Yuan activated Cooking Luck Pot to inspect his luck again.


 His luck still resembled a furnace.


 Fang Yuan had inspected this many times already, he had some guesses about it.


 This was caused by his status as a refinement path venerable, his luck’s appearance was stabilized and would not change for a period of time.


 The furnace was still quite crude, it had cracks remaining.


 But from the vast number of cracks, two or three of them had mended.


 This was because the sovereign immortal aperture had already completed the first earth vein, the second one was on the way. It had also completed the first water vein.


 These were all helping to stabilize his foundation.


 And compared to the past, there was a huge change on the surface of the furnace, there was a lotus flower pattern.


 The lotus flower pattern was clearly referring to rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus. It showed how significant this Immortal Gu was to Fang Yuan!


 The lotus flower pattern went one round around the outer layer of the furnace, it extended to the bottom and turned into several lotus roots.


 These lotus roots went deep into the bottom of the furnace and burned together with the firewood that represented immortal essence.


 Compared to the weak fire earlier, the furnace was fully lit now, the flames expanded by several times, showing great growth.


 There was no lid on the furnace, the scene inside could be seen.


 The immortal crane cloud that symbolized heaven form and the green lotus cloud that was Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus were both gone now.


 Instead, there was a piece of blue-white ice, symbolizing the truthful floating ice. The blue-white ice was heated in the furnace, slowly melting and generating a beautiful halo.


 At the top of the furnace, there was a large amount of reddish brown sand dust, floating like a cloud.


 The reddish brown sand dust condensed into one lump and slowly went into the furnace.


 It was easily melted and infused into the furnace, fixing the cracks and slowly making the furnace smoother from its crude state.


 “This should be referencing my action of refining natural dao marks. If I go all out on this, the sand dust will pour down rapidly and block my opening of my furnace, it can even put out the fire at the bottom. Excessive progress is not good, this shows the terrible outcome of facing two venerables’ suppression at the same time.”


 Fang Yuan had used luck inspection many times, he was able to reference the phenomena he saw to actual events that were happening more easily.


 Even though rank eight Cooking Luck Pot was too low in rank and did not suit the current Fang Yuan, it still displayed the profundity of luck path, reminding Fang Yuan that the most important variables to him now were refining dao marks and also heaven path development!


 “The refinement of dao marks can progress slowly, but I also need to unseal the truthful floating ice in secret. Right now, immortal essence is not my burden, it is my advantage instead. I need to use all my immortal essence and convert my resources into foundation and strength.”


 Venerables all had one main and one specialty path.


 Fang Yuan had planned from long ago to use refinement path as his main, and heaven path as his specialty.


 Refinement path was his main cultivation, but refinement path itself was weak in the fighting aspect.


 This was a publicly known fact.


 In this situation, Fang Yuan needed another path to support his battle strength. This path should have few cultivators, for example, painting path. That would allow him to catch enemies off-guard and prevent them from having precaution against him.


 Even though there were many paths in existence, Fang Yuan did not have many choices, looking at his situation, heaven path was the best choice!


 There were almost no heaven path cultivators, the criteria was too hard to achieve.


 Heaven path itself was very special and had extraordinary potential, its might was also unrivaled.


 Refinement path as main, heaven path as specialty.


 This was Fang Yuan’s current cultivation plan.


 The Heaven Refining Demon Venerable title that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable gave to Fang Yuan was truly appropriate.



***
Chapter 2241 - Too Beautiful


***





 



 “We pay respects to Lord Alliance Leader.” A group of mermaid Gu Immortals showed a respectful attitude as they bowed before Fang Yuan’s feet.


 Fang Yuan looked around and was a little surprised.


 He found that all these merman Gu Immortals were female, they were either seductive, innocent, or cold. The two strongest ones had rank seven cultivation level, the other four were rank six.


 “All female immortals...” Fang Yuan thought.


 This was not good.


 He let these mermen enter the sovereign immortal aperture in order to procreate and develop in numbers. Without male merman Gu Immortals and a total of six female immortals, they could not grow properly.


 However, Fang Yuan recalled that in merman society, females had higher status than males. They would elect a saintess but not a saint.


 In addition, the Merman Imperial Court sent these female immortals without any males as a form of reverence towards Fang Yuan as well.


 “You are all members of the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, after entering the sovereign immortal aperture, we will be one big family. Remember the rules and abide by them, you will be informed of the details later.”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan opened his immortal aperture’s entrance.


 “We will obey alliance leader’s teachings!” The female immortals quickly responded before entering obediently.


 At the next moment, their vision changed completely, they found that they were in the vast sky, below them was cloud soil and a city was far away, it resembled a huge sea snail that radiated with starlight specks.


 “Did you raise your head earlier?”


 “No, I’ve never been so close to Lord Alliance Leader, I lowered my head the entire time.”


 “I mustered my courage and took a peek at him before entering the immortal aperture, oh goodness, Lord Alliance Leader is simply... too beautiful!”


 “Lord Alliance Leader has venerable cultivation level, he also takes care of us variant humans, and most strikingly, he is so beautiful. I’ve never seen such a beautiful and gentle higher-up before.”


 These two rank six mermaid Gu Immortals were quite close, they spoke with excitement and expressed their reverence and adoration towards Fang Yuan.


 As for the other two rank six female immortals, they had solemn expressions and did not speak.


 “Silence.” One of the two mermaid leaders said unhappily: “Is Lord Alliance Leader someone you can talk about so casually? We are inside the sovereign immortal aperture now!”


 The female immortals lowered their heads and stopped speaking, but they communicated with their expressions, unable to conceal their excitement.


 The other leader, Lian Ke Xin, stretched out her hand and grasped Yu Zi’s hand, consoling her.


 Lian Ke Xin, Yu Zi, and Xie Ning Si were the three leaders of the Merman Imperial Court, this time, when Fang Yuan decided to move some of them into the sovereign immortal aperture, how could the Merman Imperial Court refuse?


 After receiving the orders, the Merman Imperial Court held an emergency meeting for a day and night.


 Eventually, the Merman Imperial Court chose two of their leaders and four mermaid immortals with outstanding beauty to offer to Fang Yuan. To do this, they broke up two couples, one of which was already close to getting married.


 The Merman Imperial Court did not have any rank eights, their top battle strengths were the three leading first supreme elders with rank seven battle strength, by sending two away at the same time, it showed how resolute they were.


 After that, they omitted the males and only chose the most beautiful female immortals, they were trying to get closer to Fang Yuan to curry his favor.


 This was not strange.


 Humanity was the undisputed overlord of the world, the Merman Imperial Court had already gotten used to such a subservient lifestyle after many years.


 Back then, Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable took action to protect the Merman Imperial Court. After his death, his influence dwindled and the Merman Imperial Court started to have alliance marriages with Eastern Sea’s righteous path forces, they also liked to take in lone immortals of Eastern Sea through marriage.


 The Merman Imperial Court was used to such treatment.


 Because of Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable, they were accepted by Eastern Sea’s human forces. Now that Fang Yuan was venerable and took control of Eastern Sea, the Merman Imperial Court was unlike other human forces, they could not join Giant Sun Immortal Venerable or Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, they could only choose Great Love Immortal Venerable, who was closer to variant humans.


 Thus, even though the two female immortals bore grudges after getting separated from their partners, for the sake of their people, they still chose to sacrifice their own happiness!


 But earlier, when they met with Fang Yuan, they suffered a huge blow.


 The mermaid immortals knew about Fang Yuan’s appearance, be it Heavenly Court or other forces, they had shown videos of him. The female immortals knew about Fang Yuan’s beautiful appearance, but after meeting it, they were still shocked by his peerless features!


 This was not just external beauty, there was also the fact that he contained abundant dao marks, each of his actions had the aura of the Great Dao, he emitted extraordinary charm from his entire body, his incomparable capacity and aura subdued everyone that he met.


 Even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, despite having many dao marks, would not be as charming to merfolk.


 Because mermen were born with water path dao marks, while Fang Yuan had over two million of them, this brought them closer naturally.


 Yu Zi was one of the leaders this time, she was the one who most advocated to contribute everything and use beauty to get closer to Fang Yuan.


 However, after seeing Fang Yuan, she was deeply shocked, she felt that she was mud when compared to the pure cloud-like Fang Yuan, she felt ashamed of herself.


 Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi were very close, along with her personal experiences, she understood why Yu Zi was feeling this way.


 She grabbed Yu Zi’s hand and secretly transmitted: “No matter how beautiful Lord Fang Yuan is, he is still a man. As long as this fact remains, we have hope. Think of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”


 Yu Zi nodded and slowly regained her calm.


 At this time, a hairy man Gu Immortal flew over.


 “I am Twelfth Hair, I have come to receive you.” Twelfth Hair spoke.


 Yu Zi quickly smiled, after a short conversation with Twelfth Hair, she cast a glance at Tang Qiong.


 Tang Qiong was a supreme elder of the Merman Imperial Court, she had yellow scales and was gentle and beautiful, her smile showed dimples that amplified her cuteness. Even though her status was lower than Yu Zi, Lian Ke Xin, and Xie Ning Si, she was only below these three. She was given great authority by the three of them, she spent her time on managing the political affairs, she had outstanding interpersonal skills.


 After getting Yu Zi’s approval, Tang Qiong went up and handed Twelfth Hair a seashell.


 Twelfth Hair saw that this shell was a rare rank seven refinement path immortal material, he took it with a smile and showed a warmer attitude: “Everyone, please come with me. Your first stop will be Star Collection City, this is the central control area of the sovereign immortal aperture.”


 Star Collection City was not on a huge piece of cloud soil, after flying for some time, they quickly entered it.


 Under Twelfth Hair’s guide, the mermaid Gu Immortals went into the main hall and greeted the person in charge.


 The Gu Immortal in charge of this main hall was a woman who cultivated sound path, her rank eight aura spread throughout the hall.


 She was wearing a pink dress, her eye sockets were deeper than normal, her nose had a tall bridge, she also had a pair of seductive and moving eyes, it was Fairy Miao Yin.


 The mermaids quickly greeted her.


 Fairy Miao Yin sat at the top seat and looked down at these Gu Immortals, she spoke with a solemn expression: “You have just arrived here, you need to learn about the rules of our sovereign immortal aperture and obey them forever. The sovereign immortal aperture does not raise useless people, no matter who you are, you need to work hard to gain anything. The contribution board has a clear list of tasks that you can do, the worst thing you can do is slack off. Do you understand?”


 “Yes, we will remember Lady Miao Yin’s teachings.” The mermaids responded.


 Fairy Miao Yin nodded before casting her gaze at Twelfth Hair: “Since you took the mission to lead the mermaid Gu Immortals, you will bring them around and get familiar with Star Collection City’s arrangements.”


 Saying this, Fairy Miao Yin waved her hand, dozens of Gu worms flew out.


 Twelfth Hair acknowledged and took these Gu worms, he said to the female immortals: “Follow me.”


 The mermaid immortals took their leave and followed Twelfth Hair, they all let out a sigh of relief.


 “This Fairy Miao Yin was originally a rank seven Gu Immortal in Southern Border, but after following Great Love Immortal Venerable, she became a rank eight.”


 “She spoke in such a tone, I’m afraid she knows our intention, so she wants to suppress us.”


 Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi transmitted to each other.


 On the other hand, Tang Qiong carefully asked Twelfth Hair about Fairy Miao Yin’s status, was she the Star Collection City Lord?


 Before coming, the Merman Imperial Court made ample preparation. They had prepared gifts for Fang Yuan’s well known subordinates like Fairy Miao Yin and Lady White Rabbit, but because of the tense atmosphere earlier, Tang Qiong could not offer the gift.


 Twelfth Hair shook his head: “Originally, the Star Collection City Lord was the noble Combat Beast King, but he died during the tribulation. Now, Miao Yin, White Rabbit, Wu Shuai, Qi Sea, and the other rank eights are taking turns to station in Star Collection City.”


 After hearing this, the mermaid Gu Immortals let out sighs of relief again.


 This Fairy Miao Yin was not the Star Collection City Lord, she did not have too much authority.


 Yu Zi’s eyes brightened, she knew that the chance to meet Fang Yuan’s main body was too rare, but his clones were inside the sovereign immortal aperture, if she could get close to one of them, the goal would be achieved.


 The mermaid immortals followed Twelfth Hair and arrived at Star Collection City’s central square.


 In the square, there were three huge pillars.


 There were countless words moving around the surface of the pillars, they made up three large boards.


 Before the mermaid Gu Immortals looked at them closely, Twelfth Hair already handed out Gu worms.


 These were the Gu worms that Fairy Miao Yin gave to Twelfth Hair earlier. Each of the mermaid Gu Immortals obtained five of them, they were rank five mortal Gu.


 Three of the Gu worms were familiar to the mermaids, they knew that these were used for the contribution board, mission board, and exchange board respectfully.


 Fang Yuan listed three boards, they did not just exist in the sovereign immortal aperture, be it the variant human alliance or Righteous Qi Alliance, there were such arrangements. Thus, the mermaid immortals knew them.


 Twelfth Hair spoke: “You will live in the sovereign immortal aperture from now on, your lives will be quite different. From now on, unless master gives orders, you will not go outside. You can take a look at these three boards, these are our internal boards, the external boards in the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance are quite different from them.”


 Right now, be it the Righteous Qi Alliance or variant human alliance, they had all joined the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


 These were two conflicting forces, but now, they were one force.


 Everyone felt very complex emotions.


 But under Fang Yuan’s venerable cultivation level, regardless of their willingness, they had to follow him!



***
Chapter 2242 - Sovereign’s Three Boards


***





 Chapter 2242: Sovereign’s Three Boards 

 Star Collection City Square.


 Yu Zi and Lian Ke Xin looked at a contribution board at the same time.


 This contribution board had a lot of reference material, whoever stood at the top would be the most important subordinates, Fang Yuan’s capable generals, they were targets that the mermaid immortals had to befriend.


 Looking at the contribution board, they could also roughly see the power levels of the factions of Fang Yuan’s subordinates and gain more insight.


 Thereafter, they saw the number one name on the contribution board — Sixth Hair!


 “A hairy man?”


 “This person’s contribution points are far above the second person. For the time being, nobody can catch up to him.”


 Even though Yu Zi and Lian Ke Xin had just arrived, they could see that Sixth Hair’s foundation and accumulation were immensely deep.


 “Starting from the second place, the difference in points is not huge anymore.”


 Lian Ke Xin quickly saw some familiar names from the top ten contributors.


 Like Fairy Miao Yin, Lady White Rabbit, Mo Tan Sang, Xue Er, Shi Shi Cheng, and others.


 What made Yu Zi and Lian Ke Xin take notice was that there was a strange name in the top ten positions.


 “Lang Ya land spirit? Is this Lang Ya blessed land’s land spirit?”


 “A land spirit can be ranked on the contribution board as well?”


 “This shows how magnanimous Lord Fang Yuan is, he treats humans, variant humans, and land spirits equally.”


 The top ten members of the contribution board were mostly variant human Gu Immortals. This had deep political meaning, the two former rulers of the Merman Imperial Court were very pleased about this, they felt a sense of excitement.


 They also saw Twelfth Hair’s contribution points soon, he was eighteenth place.


 The nineteenth place was the black hound land spirit.


 At the next moment, the nineteenth place black hound land spirit took over the position of Twelfth Hair and knocked him down.


 Twelfth Hair noticed this too, he coughed in embarrassment and said with a tone of slight envy: “This black hound land spirit is really lucky. Right now, with the fusion of two heavens, remnant heavenly dogs and heaven swallowing hounds are escaping in groups, they have been constantly caught by Gu Immortals and brought into our sovereign immortal aperture. Currently, these hound groups are taken care of by the black hound land spirit, after they are healed and inspected, they will be released into Mini White Heaven. This is why the black hound land spirit is getting so many contribution points.”


 Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi nodded repeatedly, while thinking to themselves: “Actually, there is no need to explain this. We don’t really care about how a land spirit beat you in contribution.”


 They were concerned about Fairy Miao Yin, Lady White Rabbit, and the most important person — snowman Gu Immortal Xue Er.


 The reason was that Bing Yuan had been bragging in the variant human alliance whenever she could that Xue Er was Fang Yuan’s fiancée, this was widely spread news.


 As their former enemy, the Righteous Qi Alliance had been collecting such information, they also paid huge attention to this.


 Thus, the mermaid immortals learned of this.


 However, when they were about to ask for the information of these crucial people, a wave of screams could be heard near them.


 Yu Zi frowned and was about to scold them, but she heard the four mermaid immortals say together: “Leaders, look at the exchange board.”


 Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi could not help but turn their attention away, immediately, their pupils contracted as they revealed expressions of shock.


 The exchange board of the sovereign immortal aperture was truly different from the one in Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


 There were too many good things!


 Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi were getting dizzy from browsing the list.


 There were all sorts of rewards listed, Gu worms of all paths were available, there were lots of rare and extinct mortal Gu, there were over a thousand Immortal Gu available from rank six to eight. There were countless Immortal Gu recipes, immortal materials, and immortal killer moves. There were hundreds or thousands of Immortal Gu House construction methods, and the immortal inheritances even made Yu Zi and Lian Ke Xin stare with wide eyes.


 “This is water path great expert Chang Guan Shui’s inheritance, he cultivated water path mainly with information path on the side. He has a killer move called one watery chapter[1], it is extremely famous in history!”


 “This is the inheritance of our merfolk expert, Third Princess, she was the most powerful mermaid of the Remote Antiquity Era, she had resisted Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable on many occasions, she created the water path rank eight immortal material, too much water, it has already gone extinct, to think that we would see it here.”


 Yu Zi’s and Lian Ke Xin’s hearts palpitated as they read on.


 Fang Yuan promoted himself as Great Love Immortal Venerable, he started to do transactions of Gu refinement in treasure yellow heaven, all of the mermaid immortals knew of the prices he set.


 Although the prices were fair, they were incomparable to this.


 “Using contribution points to exchange for things we want, this is much easier than making transactions in treasure yellow heaven or exchanging with the external board.”


 “What did I see? We can apply for Lord Fang Yuan to personally help us pass tribulations! He is truly Great Love Immortal Venerable!”


 Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi licked their lips uncontrollably, their desire towards contribution points rose to an unprecedented level.


 They cast their heated gazes towards the mission board along with the other four female immortals.


 Evidently, if one wanted to get cultivation resources from the exchange board, they would need contribution points, while the source of contribution points were missions.


 There were many missions on the mission board.


 Within Mini Purple Heaven, a large number of ancient desolate beast mixed heavenly eagles had turned into immemorial desolate beasts for some reason, the mission was to investigate the truth.


 Dog shit was falling from the sky in Mini Northern Plains, piling into mountains and polluting the frost dragon’s lake, the mission was to investigate the cause of the dog shit and get rid of it.


 The dragon scale sea area in Mini Eastern Sea was flowing in reverse, a lot of seawater had entered the mini nine heavens, the mission was to fix the immortal formation and rebuild dragon scale sea area.


 Inkman City Lord Mo Tan Sang got pregnant inexplicably, an expert in abortion was needed now.


 ...


 The mermaid immortals looked at the mission board and fell into temporary silence.


 The quantity of these missions was out of their expectations.


 In normal situations, the immortal apertures of Gu Immortals were calm and peaceful, they only had to rebuild areas after going through tribulations or when they had new resource points added. They were not like the sovereign immortal aperture, which had strange events occurring at every moment.


 The mermaid immortals looked for a while, they felt worried but also happy.


 The worry was that even though the sovereign immortal aperture was Great Love Immortal Venerable’s immortal aperture and was renowned in the world, it was not peaceful at all, there were chaos everywhere, it would not be easy to live in here.


 But they were happy because the chaos meant an uncountable number of missions, they had no lack of contribution points to earn.


 Twelfth Hair had been observing the mermaid immortals’ expressions, he sighed: “I’ll speak the truth, the sovereign immortal aperture is currently in a state of peace. You have not seen the situation when master annexed the two heavens’ grotto-heavens, when he gained a huge number of dao marks, strange phenomena occurred endlessly. Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, there was not a single idle person at that time.”


 “Currently, even though there aren’t many situations occurring, after the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, we lost many Gu Immortals, although most of them revived, they cannot ascend to immortal yet. You can see for yourselves, there are many many missions now, but some areas need people to guard them. For example, Star Collection City is too important, we cannot lose it. In addition, with many strange situations occurring, we need at least one rank eight Gu Immortal guarding the aperture at all times, because there are too many missions, master brought all of you into the sovereign immortal aperture to help out.”


 “Earlier in the hall, Fairy Miao Yin spoke bluntly but she was not wrong. If you want to gain the acknowledgement of the existing Gu Immortals, you need to work hard and make achievements, use your actions and contribution points to prove your loyalty to master!”


 The mermaid immortals heard his words and nodded.


 Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi looked at each other, they had finally understood Fang Yuan’s intention.


 Tang Qiong quickly expressed gratitude to Twelfth Hair and handed over a gift again.


 The other mermaid immortals asked at this time: “Lord Twelfth Hair, you gave us five Gu worms each, three are used for the boards, what about the last two?”


 Twelfth Hair received the gift while smiling and explaining: “One of them is used to connect to treasure yellow heaven. Within the sovereign immortal aperture, all Gu cultivators need to use this Gu worm to access treasure yellow heaven. The other one is used to monitor you, it has to be kept on you at all times. If it is destroyed, you need to report it immediately, we will hand out a replacement in Star Collection City.”


 After pausing for a while, Twelfth Hair continued: “No need to think too much about it, not just all of you, we have it too. It might be a mortal Gu but it has saved many of our lives already. We face danger when we handle those strange phenomena, it is possible that we will die during the missions.”


 “For example, look at this mission on the board.”


 The mermaid immortals looked at where Twelfth Hair pointed and saw the Mo Tan Sang abortion mission.


 Twelfth Hair showed a strange smile: “You might not be familiar with Mo Tan Sang, but his status is not low, he is the Gu Immortal leader of Mini Western Desert. He is a male inkman, but while handling a sudden situation, he got mysteriously pregnant. Now, he is offering a huge price to undergo an abortion, many people are interested but were unable to do anything about it. If the abortion fails, he might lose his life after all!”


 The mermaid immortals opened their mouths, they were dumbstruck.


 “Alright,” Twelfth Hair continued: “Follow me, I will bring you to a place. In a way, this place is more important than the three boards!”


 The mermaid immortals immediately gained deep interest, they followed Twelfth Hair as they left the square and arrived at a sub-hall of Star Collection City.


 They saw that there were many Gu Immortals at the sub-hall.


 Many Gu Immortals were holding onto each other, some were bending their backs as they dragged themselves into the sub-hall while looking extremely enervated.


 Afterwards, these Gu Immortal walked out of the hall with a revitalized appearance, they looked highly spirited.


 Even though there were still deep eye bags on their faces.


 These Gu Immortals would nod sincerely when they saw acquaintances, when they went past each other, they would greet each other and talk about their missions or ranking on the contribution board.


 When these Gu Immortals saw the mermaid Gu Immortals, they showed expressions of understanding.


 A few of them took the initiative to greet the mermaids, they were very welcoming.


 “Oh, I’ve heard that we are bringing in a group of merman Gu Immortals, are they the ones?”


 “Great, with them joining us, we can finally take a breather.”


 “There are more and more missions now, I hope this can reduce our workload.”


 “Twelfth Hair, you are so lucky to have taken the mission of bringing them in!”


 [1] Author is making a joke here. The character’s name means adding water, while water is slang for filler in Chinese, therefore a watery chapter is a filler chapter.



***
Chapter 2243 - Gu Yue Fang Xiang


***





 Chapter 2243: Gu Yue Fang Xiang 

 Twelfth Hair laughed heartily as he said some pleasantries.


 Looking back at the mermaid immortals, he saw that they were in a daze, some of the Gu Immortals even had tears in their eyes.


 Twelfth Hair was startled, he quickly said: “If I have done anything wrong...”


 Before he finished, Lian Ke Xin interrupted him: “Twelfth Hair, don’t worry. It is just that we saw everyone being harmonious and tolerant in this sovereign immortal aperture, each individual is given a chance with equal opportunities, they are close and tightly knit together, regardless of whether they are an inkman, rockman, snowman, or even human.”


 “To speak the truth, I have never seen anything like this. I did not even dare to imagine that such a place would exist in this world we live in!”


 Twelfth Hair was silent.


 He was originally a member of Lang Ya Sect, even though Lang Ya blessed land was well hidden, he was aware of the situation in the five regions and two heavens, the variant humans had low statuses, they were suppressed by the humans and were all living difficult lives.


 Looking at it from the perspective of the Eastern Sea Merman Imperial Court, they had been surrounded by human forces and definitely faced much greater pressure than Lang Ya Sect’s hairy men.


 Even though the sight in Star Collection City was simple and normal, it created a huge impact on the mermaid immortals.


 For an instant, all of the mermaid immortals had a similar thought.


 No matter how chaotic or dangerous the sovereign immortal aperture’s environment became, they had to continue living here!


 “Maybe this is our true homeland!” Yu Zi muttered.


 “This is a wonderful place to live in.” Lian Ke Xin sighed deeply.


 “I finally understand the true meaning of Great Love. Master is truly worthy of being Great Love Immortal Venerable, he is unlike the detestable Longevity Heaven or Heavenly Court. Be it Star Constellation Immortal Venerable or Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, they cannot compare to our master!” A mermaid immortal spoke about Fang Yuan in an extremely reverent tone.


 Twelfth Hair gave a thumbs up as he said proudly: “Even among all the venerables, master has the biggest heart! It was only natural that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable thought highly of him and gave all of his inheritance to master. Nobody else is qualified to receive this. We can only obtain true happiness by following master’s footsteps, since you recognize this now, then work hard to defend our home from now on, this is the way to maintain our blissful life.”


 The mermaid immortals nodded their heads, some were so moved they started crying.


 After calming down, Tang Qiong asked: “I wonder what the profound use of this sub-hall is?”


 Twelfth Hair gasped, he showed a complex expression.


 There was pride and admiration in his eyes, one could even see excitement and thrill, but he also had some lingering fear.


 Even Twelfth Hair’s hair could not conceal his expression.


 This made the mermaid immortals even more curious.


 Next, the female immortals heard the explanation: “This was once a formation called the liver life formation. But recently, master modified it into an Immortal Gu House.”


 “It has an excellent effect, it is very useful!” Saying so, Twelfth Hair gave a thumbs up again.


 He said to the mermaid immortals with a tone that contained deep meaning:” You will definitely make good use of it in the future!”


 After hearing Twelfth Hair’s in-depth description, the Liver Life Immortal Gu House left a deep impression on the mermaid immortals.


 There was nothing else to introduce in Star Collection City, Twelfth Hair brought these mermaid immortals out of the mini nine heavens.


 The group came to Mini Eastern Sea and looked at the sea area below.


 Tides were rising, a sea breeze was blowing.


 Twelfth Hair explained: “This is the location that master has chosen for your merman race to live and grow from now on.”


 The mermaid Gu Immortals quickly used their investigative methods to inspect this sea area’s environment.


 The unexpected good news was that this sea area has a vast quantity of ordinary Gu materials, but they were scattered chaotically with no order at all. Furthermore, many of the Gu materials conflicted with each other, they were in the process of breaking down.


 This situation was caused by the sovereign immortal aperture’s dao marks.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had many dao marks, that naturally led to the creation of many Gu materials. Because of non-conflicting dao marks, strange situations occurred often and the Gu materials were distributed chaotically and ended up in an unstable state.


 “This is the map of the five regions and nine heavens, it is a version from three days ago, I will gift this to you.” Twelfth Hair pointed as an information path mortal Gu flew out.


 “Version from three days ago?” Yu Zi was very alert.


 “Indeed.” Twelfth Hair nodded and explained: “Because strange situations are occurring all the time, terrain will also change along with them. And because master is constantly adding in resource points and annexing blessed lands and grotto-heavens, the map of the five regions and nine heavens has been changing all the time, it needs to be updated constantly.”


 Yu Zi looked into the Gu and shouted in shock: “So big?!”


 Her shouting attracted the attention of the mermaid immortals, they had rarely seen Yu Zi, a leading elder, act in such a manner.


 Twelfth Hair said with a trace of pride in his tone, he laughed: “The sovereign immortal aperture was originally over 335,000km2 in size. Now, after master’s annexing of apertures and undergoing tribulations, the size has expanded by a hundred times, we are over 33,500,000km2 in size now!”


 When the other female immortals heard this news, they became dumbstruck and went into a daze.


 Twelfth Hair smiled again: “Don’t worry, this place will continue to get bigger. If one day, the sovereign immortal aperture surpasses the five regions and two heavens in size, we will not be surprised!”


 “I have already marked your territory on this map.”


 “My mission has been completed, but if you have any needs, feel free to contact me using this information path mortal Gu.”


 “I am currently living on Yellow Hair Continent, I am in charge of leading the yellow hair hairy men, you and I can be considered neighbors.”


 Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi quickly expressed their gratitude, they took out their own information path mortal Gu that were used for communication and exchanged them with Twelfth Hair.


 After Twelfth Hair said his goodbyes to the mermaid immortals, he vanished into the sky.


 After Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi discussed among themselves, the six mermaid immortals started to get busy.


 They sent people to scout and probe the surroundings, including the sky and sea, to collate the resources. On the other hand, the Gu Immortals also created a super sized defensive Gu formation.


 After the two tasks were completed, the mermaid immortals opened their immortal aperture’s entrances.


 Groups of mermen went into this sea area along with their families.


 Under the instructions of the female merman Gu Immortals, these eight hundred thousand mermen started to build houses, create underwater villages, towns, and even cities at the center.


 The mermaid immortals created six cities, each one had a Gu Immortal to guard it.


 The cities were surrounded by towns which had branched out villages.


 Because they made ample preparation, the merfolk did not lack living resources.


 Chaos was, of course, unavoidable, they had just arrived here after all.


 But with the guidance and control of the mermaid immortals, no losses appeared.


 They worked hard for nine days and nights, after the merfolk mortals settled down, Yu Zi and Lian Ke Xin gathered the immortals for a meeting.


 “There are many ordinary Gu materials but each one has low quantity, they change a lot as well. In my opinion, we should organize groups of merman Gu Masters to collect these Gu materials at set intervals of time.”


 “The environment is quite safe here, there are few desolate beasts and almost no ancient desolate beasts.”


 “There are also no common food like kelp, fish, or shrimp, we need to raise them from scratch. We also need to create a stable ecology.”


 “There are few immortal materials here. According to the map, the closest immortal material resource point is the seven treasures sea spring, it produces seven treasures water.”


 “Don’t target resource points, this is the sovereign immortal aperture, all resource points belong to master. If we want to get resources, we have to complete missions and exchange for them using contribution points.”


 Speaking of missions, these mermaid immortals had been researching hard on the missions.


 “Twelfth Hair is right, I think that we need to focus on completing missions to prove our worth. That way, the other Gu Immortals will acknowledge us.”


 “I checked clearly, the most suitable missions for us are the ones to build water path resource points. Master has grand and magnificent ambitions, he is establishing water veins now. The first water vein has already been completed, he is making the second one now, this is our chance.”


 “You are right, but we cannot give up on other missions. Especially the ones that involve other Gu Immortals, I think we should take some of them and use the missions to get acquainted with and befriend the other Gu Immortals. Before coming here, we prepared a lot of gifts, they are still with us now.”


 After the mermaid immortals talked about this, the decision was that Yu Zi would stay in this sea area and be in charge of creating the ecology, this would create a stable source of food for the mermen.


 The four female immortals led by Lian Ke Xin went around the place to collect information while also establishing relationships with other factions.


 Lian Ke Xin spent an entire day to arrive at Yellow Hair Continent.


 Twelfth Hair received her information path mortal Gu’s notification already, he went to the sky to welcome her.


 As the saying goes, better a close neighbor than a distant brother, the two parties were inclined to establish a healthy relationship.


 Lian Ke Xin brought a gift with her again, these days, while researching the contribution board, she noticed that in the sovereign immortal aperture, the hairy men were undoubtedly the number one force!


 Twelfth Hair also prepared a present, it was very valuable too.


 After talking for a while, Twelfth Hair heard of the mermaid immortals’ actions and smiled at Lian Ke Xin: “You’ve done the right thing.”


 “In the five regions and two heavens, Gu Immortals will visit each other and hold banquets, in the worst case, they will at least prepare tea. But in the sovereign immortal aperture, this never happens! How can we have the time to entertain anyone in these useless banquets?”


 “It is very wise of you to use these missions to meet with other people. If you follow the customs of the five regions and two heavens, you will not be well received by everyone.”


 After hearing these words, Lian Ke Xin felt glad internally, she understood the style of the sovereign immortal aperture’s Gu Immortals soon after.


 Twelfth Hair said directly: “We both took a mission to nurture Gu Immortal seeds, let’s go. Time is pressing, let’s go to the most important one.”


 Lian Ke Xin went with Twelfth Hair and they flew while concealing their traces, entering a forest in the mountain.


 A hairy man Gu Master was getting chased, he was covered in wounds and ran in the forest hurriedly.


 Sounds could be heard from behind him, slowly creeping closer.


 Lian Ke Xin inspected and found that this hairy man Gu Master was actually a mixed blood of hairy man and human.


 “His name is Gu Yue Fang Xiang.” Twelfth Hair introduced at this time.


 Lian Ke Xin’s pupils contracted immediately, her entire body shuddered.


 Twelfth Hair quickly raised his hand: “Don’t let your thoughts run wild! He is not master’s bloodline, he is the son of Gu Yue Fang Zheng. Hehe, master is truly farsighted, his vision is far beyond our understanding, he has been secretly nurturing this kid, creating opportunities and setbacks for him. He is currently the most qualified Gu Immortal seed among our hairy man Gu Masters!”



***
Chapter 2244 - Sudden Love


***





 Chapter 2244: Sudden Love 

 “Huff, huff, huff...” Gu Yue Fang Xiang breathed roughly, he hid behind the roots of an ancient tree.


 The huge ancient tree had giant roots protruding out of the ground, they were interwoven and created a secluded area.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang managed to temporarily get away from the pursuit, he gained some time to rest and recover.


 He was still bleeding profusely from his mouth and nose, he hurriedly wiped away the traces on his lips as he started to inspect his own physical condition.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s expression turned dim, he found more than ten injuries on his body, he had three bone fractures and the most severe injuries were in his organs, he needed healing urgently.


 But he was neither worried nor flustered.


 This was not the first time he had gotten injuries of such severity.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang tore his upper shirt that was extremely tattered, it was easily removed, his chest that was covered in black hair was exposed.


 There was a deep wound across his chest, broken white bones could be seen from within.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang gritted his teeth, activating his Gu worm.


 The healing Gu worm resembled a centipede, it dived into his body through the wound, quickly stopping the internal bleeding.


 After a while, the centipede was covered in blood and came out of Fang Xiang’s body, lying on his chest wound.


 Its hundred pairs of legs stabbed into the skin of his wound, the intense pain made Gu Yue Fang Xiang suck in a sharp breath.


 Next, the centipede slowly exerted force as its hundred pairs of legs dragged the skin and flesh, emitting a soft sound and forcing the wound to mend together.


 But this handling of the injury only suppressed it, it could not solve the root cause, Gu Yue Fang Xiang knew that but there was no time for him to heal himself.


 “I see blood traces!”


 “Hurry, hurry.”


 “Be careful, that kid is quite dangerous.”


 “What’s there to fear, even if he has rank five cultivation level, after getting hit by our leader’s crippled refinement killer move, most of his Gu worms were destroyed.”


 “Hehe, precisely because of such thinking, more than ten experts died at his hands already.”


 “This mixed blood Gu Yue Fang Xiang is truly a monster!”


 All these discussions made Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s expression change.


 “Damn it! They arrived so quickly, I had just handled my wounds...” Gu Yue Fang Xiang clenched his teeth, he inspected the remaining few Gu worms in his aperture.


 At this point, most of the Gu worms had been destroyed already.


 The remaining ones were mostly injured, if he tried to activate them, they would be destroyed in the process.


 These were all Gu worms that Gu Yue Fang Xiang had accumulated after much effort, but now, he had no choice but to sacrifice them!


 “Oh sleep lurk Gu, I can only depend on you now. You must persevere!” Gu Yue Fang Xiang prayed as he activated the Gu worm to conceal himself.


 This rank four Gu worm had outstanding concealment effects on par with rank five. Gu Yue Fang Xiang had used it many times in his life to escape from fierce threats.


 But this Gu had a weakness, once activated, the Gu Master would fall into deep sleep. The deeper their sleep, the better the concealment effect.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang lost his sensation of the outside world as a result.


 What he did not know was that after he fell asleep for some time, this sleep lurk Gu broke apart into pieces.


 But the pursuers were still chasing him.


 Seeing this, the lurking Twelfth Hair waved his hand, the immortal killer move was instantly used on Gu Yue Fang Xiang.


 A yellow hair hairy man Gu Master that was chasing him combed the surroundings carefully while checking the tree roots that Gu Yue Fang Xiang was hiding in.


 Even though he was right in front of Gu Yue Fang Xiang, he could not see the latter.


 Eventually, he concluded that Gu Yue Fang Xiang had escaped from this mountain, so he went deeper into the mountain to pursue him.


 After Gu Yue Fang Xiang woke up, he found that he was safe and let out a sigh of relief.


 Looking in his aperture, he found that the sleep lurk Gu had already shattered into pieces, he felt glad and also lingering fear: “It seems that sleep lurk Gu lasted until the crucial moment, so I managed to get away from the pursuers. They have already gone to the next mountain, now is the time for me to escape.”


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang was very happy, because his injuries had already stabilized, he quickly got up and left.


 He hid in the deep bushes of the forest as he moved, carefully trying not to leave any traces behind as he escaped.


 After half a day, the sky suddenly turned dim, a strange fog appeared in the mountain’s forest.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang arrived in a deep pool on the mountain, he inspected the surroundings and felt very satisfied, he decided to stay here for some time and recuperate.


 “There is a good source of water here, wild beasts will definitely come here to drink water, be it water or beast flesh, they are both needed.”


 “If I am lucky, I can even hunt and obtain some Gu materials to refine Gu worms, that will refill my stock of Gu worms!”


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang was very experienced in living alone within the mountains and forests.


 He was a mixed blood of human and hairy man, in the Black Hair Continent that was ruled by hairy men, he was greatly ostracized.


 Even his birth mother, Steel Thread City Lord, did not like him.


 In Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s childhood and adolescence, his greatest wish was to use all his effort to gain the acknowledgement of his mother.


 However, because he was a mixed blood, his aptitude in Gu refinement was far inferior to hairy men. And the worst thing was that hairy men took pride in Gu refinement.


 But the problem was that Gu Yue Fang Xiang also had his secret encounters, because of all sorts of situations, he coincidentally obtained some special cultivation methods.


 He was hardworking and shocked people with his performance, gradually, his mother, Steel Thread City Lord, changed her opinion of him. She started to accept him from the depths of her heart.


 But good times did not last long, Steel Thread City was attacked once and the entire city’s people were nearly wiped out, Steel Thread City Lord did her best and escaped with Gu Yue Fang Xiang in the end.


 Before her death, Steel Thread City Lord told Gu Yue Fang Xiang of his identity: “Oh son, mother has let you down. Didn’t you always want to know about your father?”


 “His name is Gu Yue Fang Zheng, he was once a human slave that I owned. But after he escaped, he became a renowned demonic path Gu Master expert.”


 “You have a human name, it is called Gu Yue Fang Xiang. Go and find your father, tell him your name and everything that has happened in your life.”


 “We have strong enemies that want to kill us, if you want to take revenge for me, you need to find your father first.”


 Like that, the youngster Gu Yue Fang Xiang stepped on the journey to find his father.


 He secretly went from Black Hair Continent to White Hair Continent, before moving to Yellow Hair Continent.


 The journey was filled with lots of difficulties and danger, he faced constant challenges and trouble.


 Even though Gu Yue Fang Zheng was no longer in the aperture, the stories of his experiences across the three continents were left behind as legendary tales.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s cultivation level slowly rose as his social experiences became richer, countless battles and escapes shaped his optimistic and determined nature, he believed that one day, he would definitely find his father!


 Near the deep pool, Gu Yue Fang Xiang took a good rest for the night.


 At the break of dawn, mountain mist became extremely dense, Gu Yue Fang Xiang showed a suspicious look as he went to the periphery of the deep pool.


 He found that this deep pool was very strange.


 The mist in the mountain originated from this pool.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang stayed here for half a day and a full night, but he did not find any traces of beasts that came here to drink water.


 All sorts of phenomena gave him a familiar sensation. Whenever he had a fortuitous encounter, something like this would occur.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang had a rich adventurous spirit, after probing for some time, he went into the pool.


 But out of his expectations, the pool was not ice-cold, the deeper he went, the warmer it got.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang got all the way to the depths of the pool, the water was as comfortable as hot springs.


 “This is?” He found a piece of white jade in the deep pool.


 The jade was nearly transparent, from the outside, he could easily see that there was a beauty sealed inside the jade.


 “This is a mermaid?” Gu Yue Fang Xiang looked at the beauty’s face and his pupils expanded, he felt deeply moved: “So beautiful!!”


 He had never seen such a beautiful woman.


 Such beauty made his heart jump, he felt a sense of adoration emerging from his heart.


 The mermaid that was ‘sealed’ in the white jade was Lian Ke Xin.


 She transmitted her voice to Fang Xiang: “Interesting mixed blood kid, you are the one who woke me up?”


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang wanted to scream as he opened his mouth, because he forgot that this was deep within the pool, water quickly gushed into his mouth.


 He quickly shut his mouth, he showed a pathetic look.


 Lian Ke Xin laughed out loud, Gu Yue Fang Xiang felt his entire body going numb from infatuation, he thought: “This mysterious mermaid has such a beautiful voice as well!”


 Lian Ke Xin explained: “I am mermaid immortal Lian Ke Xin, after I calmed a disaster in the world, I got injured by accident and became sealed in this white jade. Young man, it is fate that we met, please give me a hand to break free from here.”


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang was extremely shocked but he did not have a Gu worm that could transmit his voice, he cupped his fists and bowed deeply, he tried to use sign language in the water to express his words.


 Lian Ke Xin smiled: “Don’t worry, this white jade cannot trap me, it is just that I need some time to break free. If you can refine the rank four earth refinement Gu and refine this white jade from the outside, it will save me a lot of effort.”


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang nodded in succession.


 Lian Ke Xin then gave him pointers and the Gu recipe of earth refinement Gu, she also instructed him to find the suitable Gu materials in the vicinity.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang went out of the pool and immediately got to work.


 After spending three days, he finally refined the rank four earth refinement Gu on his first try.


 “I was really lucky!” Gu Yue Fang Xiang felt glad internally, according to his regular performance, rank four Gu worms were not easy to refine, he was just a mixed blood after all.


 “It seems that even heaven is helping me to save this fairy.” Gu Yue Fang Xiang sighed to himself.


 Twelfth Hair, who was hiding himself to the side, shook his head, while unable to contain his laughter.


 It was with his secret help that Gu Yue Fang Xiang could succeed in one try.


 After obtaining earth refinement Gu, Gu Yue Fang Xiang did not rest, he went into the deep pool with a tired body and started to refine the white jade.


 Lian Ke Xin successfully ‘escaped’, she smiled at Gu Yue Fang Xiang and showed a gaze of appreciation.


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s face turned red, he quickly lowered his head.


 In order to express her gratitude, Lian Ke Xin waved her hand and healed all of Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s injuries. Next, she gave him close to ten mortal Gu as his reward and even one inheritance.


 Lian Ke Xin was about to leave, Gu Yue Fang Xiang asked in panic: “Fairy, fairy, will I be able to meet you again?”


 Lian Ke Xin smiled: “Do you know the difference between immortal and mortal?”


 Gu Yue Fang Xiang shook intensely, his face turned ashen and pale.


 But Lian Ke Xin added: “The inheritance I gave you is an immortal cultivation method. If you can become an immortal, you will surely meet me again.”


 “Ah!” Gu Yue Fang Xiang cried out, lost for words, he did not expect that this fortuitous encounter would be so valuable.


 After a moment, he watched in a daze by the pool as Lian Ke Xin flew up into the sky, vanishing into the clouds.


 “Lian Ke Xin, Fairy Ke Xin...” Gu Yue Fang Xiang muttered, his hand over his heart.


 Lian Ke Xin’s appearance was etched into his memories.


 He knew that from now on, other than finding his father, he had a new goal to achieve in life —


 That was to become a Gu Immortal and meet with Fairy Lian Ke Xin again!



***
Chapter 2245 - Reprimanding Heavenly Court


***





 Chapter 2245: Reprimanding Heavenly Court 

 “How is it?” Twelfth Hair asked with a smile.


 Within the clouds, he met with mermaid immortal Lian Ke Xin secretly.


 Lian Ke Xin replied: “He is a Gu Immortal seed indeed, there is a high chance of becoming an immortal.”


 Twelfth Hair shook his head: “He obtained an immortal cultivation method and strong motivation from this, but they are not enough. We need to continue raising his foundation, after all, the balancing of three qi can only be done by himself.”


 As for the other calamities and tribulations, they were not a problem! The immortals could secretly help him from the side.


 “Then what do you intend?” Lian Ke Xin showed a look of hesitation.


 Twelfth Hair explained: “I will give him around eight days to familiarize himself with those mortal Gu. Afterwards, I will arrange for those pursuers to find him and act as his sparring targets.”


 “His mother, Steel Thread City Lord, is not dead, she is only in a comatose state of near death, only a Gu Immortal’s method can save her.”


 “I will let him understand this and affirm his determination to go through and pass the tribulation!”


 Lian Ke Xin heard this and became solemn for a while, she soon praised: “Friend, you have broad visions, I cannot compare to you. After we complete this mission, I hope you can decide the distribution of contribution points.”


 “Fairy, you are too modest.” Twelfth Hair squinted his eyes and waved his hand: “I will report your effort as well. Besides, Star Collection City decides the contribution points, how can I interfere with it?”


 Lian Ke Xin had originally taken this mission to get closer to Twelfth Hair. But once she found out about Gu Yue Fang Xiang’s special identity, she immediately understood that Gu Yue Fang Xiang would become very useful in the future, he was an important pawn to Fang Yuan!


 Thus, this mermaid immortal came up with a plot, she went in and used herself as bait to interact with Gu Yue Fang Xiang.


 In order to perform well, this mermaid immortal was putting in her full effort.


 Twelfth Hair was afraid that her performance would affect his own gains, thus, he explained another plan to Lian Ke Xin.


 Lian Ke Xin was very sharp, she quickly explained that she was not going to fight with him over contribution points, this made Twelfth Hair feel very satisfied about their cooperation.


 The atmosphere between the two became harmonious again.


 After a short conversation, suddenly, far away in the south, a huge pillar of light soared to the sky as an eerie Gu refinement aura spread around the vicinity.


 Lian Ke Xin sensed it and her expression changed: “Someone has just succeeded in refining rank seven Immortal Gu?”


 She then turned to look at Twelfth Hair as she praised: “Your race is truly talented, just this aura alone is making me feel admiration and aspiration. I wonder if a meeting can be arranged for us?”


 Twelfth Hair showed a difficult expression, he subconsciously suppressed his volume as he shook his head: “I can introduce you to any other hairy man Gu Immortal, but this person is very special. He is actually Spectral Soul Demon Venerable’s clone, he has been affected by master’s method, he is imprisoned for life and cannot stop refining Gu.”


 Lian Ke Xin was very shocked when she heard this, inspiration flashed in her mind, she asked involuntarily: “Don’t tell me this imprisoned Gu Immortal is Sixth Hair?”


 Twelfth Hair nodded: “Very astute, fairy, you guessed it right on your first try. The valley that Sixth Hair lives in is also specially arranged by master, it is a forbidden area in the sovereign immortal aperture, we call it the Spectral Valley Forbidden Ground.”


 Currently, within the Spectral Valley Forbidden Ground.


 Sixth Hair was thin as a stick, his cheeks were caved in and his eye bags were deep.


 A rank seven Immortal Gu had just been refined.


 This Gu worm looked like an ant, the front half was shiny while the lower half was dim, its front limbs were short and weak while its back legs were long and powerful.


 It was the enslavement path Immortal Gu — master-servant Gu.


 “Finally, I finally refined it...”


 “I failed thirty-three times, got heavily injured twenty-seven times, and nearly died nineteen times, but I still refined it in the end!”


 “With this Immortal Gu, I can definitely help sect leader Fang Yuan.”


 “I need to rely on sect leader to save the main body.”


 “Wait, am I forgetting something... never mind, I need to continue refining Gu.”


 “The more Immortal Gu I refine, the stronger Shadow Sect will get, and the higher the hope of saving the main body!”


 Sixth Hair’s state of mind was not right, after mumbling for some time, he started to prepare and refine other Immortal Gu.


 A moment later.


 Within treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan’s will and He Feng Yang’s will completed a transaction under everyone’s watchful gazes.


 Fang Yuan obtained an earth path resource point of Central Continent called nine central stone forest, while He Feng Yang obtained master-servant Gu.


 “They really did a transaction, this is unbelievable, He Feng Yang is actually so daring!”


 “He is not doing this out of desperation, it is obvious that Immortal Crane Sect has instructed him to do this.”


 “Immortal Crane Sect? No, if they publicly transacted with Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, even Immortal Crane Sect cannot bear the pressure from everyone. This transaction is definitely approved by Heavenly Court, otherwise, how can the ten great ancient sects even dare to do this?”


 “Didn’t Heavenly Court denounce Fang Yuan as a Demon Venerable? They will cooperate with him?”


 “So what? Rank seven Immortal Gu are hard to refine, Heavenly Court is extremely rich, they have countless resource points like nine central stone forest, this cost for an Immortal Gu is too worthwhile, even I would do it!”


 “Fang Yuan is truly Heaven Refining Demon Venerable, he can refine rank seven Immortal Gu with such ease! It is simply as easy as drinking water.”


 “What do you think his success rate of refining rank eight Immortal Gu is? It won’t be so easy, right? I think he has fifty, no, thirty percent chance of success.”


 “What about rank nine Immortal Gu?”


 “Hehe, you must be joking! Even a refinement path venerable will face great difficulties when trying to refine a rank nine Gu. Look at historical records, there had been many attempts to refine rank nine Immortal Gu, but how many truly succeeded? Even Star Constellation Immortal Venerable took a hundred years to refine a wild rank nine wisdom Gu.”


 “That’s right, Heavenly Court spent over a million years to repair the rank nine fate Gu. And in the end? It was all for nothing. And they were just trying to repair a rank nine Immortal Gu, refining one from scratch is too hard!”


 “Who knows, this Gu Yue Fang Yuan is the first refinement path venerable in history, we can only look up to him, we cannot fathom his true abilities.”


 At once, the Gu Immortals of the five regions and two heavens discussed among themselves.


 They started to talk about Fang Yuan’s refinement path abilities, they were curious about the extent of power that a refinement path venerable had.


 Most of them felt that it would be very difficult for Fang Yuan to refine a rank nine Immortal Gu. After all, many historical records supported this idea.


 The remaining Gu Immortals felt that they were too weak to see through and understand Fang Yuan’s true limits.


 Soon, the Gu Immortals’ topic shifted to Heavenly Court gradually under some people’s meticulous arrangement.


 Heavenly Court approved of He Feng Yang’s actions while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable held an ambiguous attitude towards Fang Yuan, many of the immortals looked at this in disdain, they expressed their tone of mockery towards Heavenly Court, but they understood why this was happening.


 After all, Fang Yuan’s business could not be stopped, there were a lot of profits to gain from it as well!


 From this topic, the Gu Immortals shifted towards the issue of Heavenly Court’s stoppage of handing out immortal essence stones.


 Thus, begrudged discussions and requests to Heavenly Court to distribute immortal essence stones became louder and more common, the mockery, jealousy, and hatred towards Heavenly Court became increasingly aggravated.


 Heavenly Court had always been the number one human force in the world, they stood proudly at the top of the Gu Immortal world of the five regions and two heavens.


 This time, they stopped distributing immortal essence stones. It went against their usual behavior of being the leader of the Gu Immortal world.


 The lack of immortal essence stones caused a lot of trouble to the bulk of the Gu Immortals.


 Within treasure yellow heaven, nine out of ten transactions were done through bartering, the remaining one involved the purchasing of immortal essence stones by various super forces at high prices.


 Western Desert.


 Fang Di Chang also activated his Gu worm to connect to treasure yellow heaven.


 “This wave of discontent towards Heavenly Court is very strange, it seems Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable are the ones manipulating it from the background.” Fang Di Chang’s eyes flickered with uncertainty as he sensed the peculiarity.


 And this was the truth behind the matter, Fang Yuan and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not let go of this opportunity.


 Heavenly Court’s reputation fell time and again under such discontented discussions.


 Fang Di Chang’s divine sense came to Fang Yuan’s will and spoke in a humble and subservient manner: “Western Desert’s Fang Di Chang greets Lord Alliance Leader, alliance leader is truly a master of the pen and the sword, your divine radiance lights up the world, I hope Lord Alliance Leader will live a life of eternal bliss, I hope your lifespan can rival heaven itself...”


 Before he finished, Fang Yuan’s will waved his hands impatiently, interrupting Fang Di Chang: “Cut the crap, transact now.”


 Fang Di Chang quickly acknowledged.


 Thus, another transaction after the one with He Feng Yang was successfully completed.


 Fang Yuan refined a rank seven Immortal Gu and gave it to Fang clan. They paid him one earth vein resource point and several million hairy man slaves.


 Fang clan originally wanted to keep a low profile and develop in secret. But after Fang Yuan’s Great Love declaration, he exposed his relationship with Fang clan and stunned them completely.


 Wan clan gathered the Western Desert’s righteous path forces to attack Fang clan but failed, it caused Fang clan to understand their circumstances, they stopped dreaming of a different outcome.


 Thus, under Fang Di Chang’s suggestion, Western Desert’s Fang clan declared that they were joining the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


 “At this point, Fang clan can only cooperate with Fang Yuan and use this chance to strengthen ourselves!” Fang Di Chang sighed internally.


 This was a dangerous status to have, but at the same time, they gained immense benefits.


 Immortal Gu were too hard to refine!


 “With this Immortal Gu replenished, my battle strength can rival ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals now.” Fang Di Chang fell into deep contemplation.


 He had already gone through the immortal ascension, he was a rank six Gu Immortal now.


 The balancing of three qi was the hardest hurdle but Fang Di Chang had ample experience. It could not be that he would fail in his second attempt after succeeding the first.


 The other problem with immortal ascension were tribulations.


 But with the help of Fang clan’s Gu Immortals, most tribulations were of no threat.


 Unless they were dream path or painting path.


 What made Fang Di Chang feel regret was that his immortal ascension did not have any natural inspiration opportunity.


 When a Gu Master ascended, they would have a prime opportunity for natural inspiration to occur. They would be able to ask the world some questions and gain immense benefits.


 But this time, Fang Di Chang did not get this opportunity.


 This was not because he was undergoing immortal ascension for the second time, instead, the issue was with heaven’s will itself.


 With the fusion of two heavens, heaven’s will had also gotten into chaos and turbulence, it did not have the ability to grant natural inspiration at this time.


 “After recuperating for a few days, we will attack Wan clan!” This time, Fang Di Chang’s eyes were sharp like an eagle’s.



***
Chapter 2246 - Not MuC.Immortal Essence Left


***





 Chapter 2246: Not Much Immortal Essence Left 

 Northern Plains.


 Golden light floated in the sky like thin threads, gathering and forming a huge golden aurora that permeated into the ground and spread out widely, the commotion was huge and the aura was vast.


 This was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable refining Northern Plains’ natural luck path dao marks.


 But at this time, the golden light that filled the area dimmed.


 A moment later, this core area of Northern Plains returned to its original state.


 In the air, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable opened his eyes slowly, he had a handsome face and his mouth, nose, eyes and brows were all thick and straight, but currently, his expression was cold and had a faint trace of helplessness.


 The three venerables tried to kill Spectral Soul Demon Venerable but failed because of Fang Yuan’s disturbance, afterwards, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable returned to Northern Plains and refined luck path dao marks there instead.


 After a period of time, the results were abundant.


 Currently, he had already completed a stage of his plans, all the luck path dao marks of Northern Plains’ core area were refined by him, his luck path dao marks covered the wisdom path area that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had refined earlier, allowing him to cancel out some of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s advantage in this place.


 However, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could do nothing against the wisdom path dao marks that Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already refined. But in the future, if they fought here, although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would get a dao mark amplification, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would also receive the same bonus, he would not lose his territorial advantage.


 “But I don’t have much immortal essence left.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable sighed to himself.


 The refinement of natural dao marks expended a lot of rank nine immortal essence.


 Initially, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was only refining the luck path dao marks of the vicinity around him. It was like he was building a ball-shaped spider web, from an initial dot, it grew into a small ball, and finally a large ball.


 The larger the ball expanded, the more dao marks he would encounter. To refine these luck path dao marks, he would expend an increasingly terrifying amount of immortal essence.


 Currently, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable only had around a hundred yellow apricot immortal essence beads left. This forced him to stop here, his immortal essence reserves were reaching a critical level, he had to leave some for emergencies.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s rank nine immortal aperture could produce yellow apricot immortal essence, this was his only source of immortal essence production.


 Longevity Heaven could not produce any.


 Even though Longevity Heaven did not annex any nine heavens fragments and was not corroded by heaven’s will, after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable died in his era, it stopped producing immortal essence.


 Right now, even though Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had revived, the venerable aperture that he had was the current one, it had not passed one chaotic disaster yet.


 Furthermore, this second aperture had also just started developing, it was not flourishing and did not produce a large amount of immortal essence.


 That was unless Giant Sun Immortal Venerable annexed Longevity Heaven, but if he did that, he would gain a huge number of luck path dao marks, it would destroy his plan of cultivating blood path.


 “I need to raise blood path to a certain level first before I can regain my previous life’s foundation. This development will be costly, but I must endure it. Blood path will be of utmost importance when I face the other venerables in the future.”


 “Thankfully, even though I am low on immortal essence, the other two are in an even worse state.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable smiled to himself.


 All along, he had been thinking that immortal essence was his advantage.


 Even though he could not refine more luck path dao marks, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not slack off, he waited for his immortal essence to replenish while comprehending blood path.


 Blood Sea Ancestor was actually Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s clone.


 Blood Sea Ancestor created blood path and left behind countless blood path inheritances after he died. Most were mortal level and contained mortal killer moves and mortal Gu, but he had nine true inheritances of Gu Immortal level, that was the peak of blood path when he died.


 These nine were blood skull Gu, blood handprint Gu, blood qi Gu, blood sweat Gu, menses blood Gu, blood shadow Gu, blood battle Gu, blood deity Gu, as well as the method to raise and enslave the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat.


 It was a pity that Blood Sea Ancestor was targeted by Heavenly Court in his life, even after his death, many inheritances were ruined by them.


 Thankfully, Blood Sea left behind countless mortal inheritances, most of the nine true inheritances also displayed their worth.


 The one who obtained the most true inheritances was Southern Border’s Gu Immortal Shang Yan Fei.


 In his younger days, he found blood handprint Immortal Gu in Southern Border’s blood tide pit, he later obtained blood shadow Gu’s true inheritance.


 Northern Plains’ menses blood Immortal Gu was obtained by Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 Western Desert’s blood qi Immortal Gu true inheritance was obtained by Demon Immortal Qi Jue.


 As for the true inheritance regarding the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat, it was obtained by Shadow Sect’s Song Zi Xing.


 Central Continent’s blood deity Immortal Gu true inheritance was fought over by the ten great ancient sects, they destroyed over half of it and the incomplete Blood Deity Immortal Gu recipe ended up in the hands of Myriad Dragon Dock.


 As for the remaining three true inheritances, because of the changing terrain, a volcano erupted and destroyed blood skull Immortal Gu’s true inheritance. Blood sweat Gu was taken mysteriously and had never been shown in public, it was possible that the person who took it met with an accident. Blood battle Gu’s true inheritance was by chance destroyed by an immemorial desolate beast.


 After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable revived, he took all of the blood path research results that the Northern Plains Huang Jin tribes had, as well as Longevity Heaven’s research gains.


 Next, he instructed Earth Extremity Gan Ni to refine Immortal Gu, the result was that they obtained several blood path Immortal Gu.


 Among them, there was blood battle Immortal Gu.


 As for the other seven Immortal Gu, other than Blood Deity, the rest had been tested, it was confirmed that all of them were already existing in the world.


 Without an alternative, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to temporarily turn imitation Gu into blood relation Gu and barely created a blood path formation that helped him to revive during the battle in Crazed Demon Cave.


 “I have already digested the Primordial Domain regarding blood path, my current blood path attainment level has also reached supreme grandmaster! But...”


 There were too few blood path Immortal Gu!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had first absorbed the Primordial Domain in Crazed Demon Cave to become a supreme grandmaster in luck path, afterwards, he focused on blood path.


 He obtained a lot of the Primordial Domain but did not have time to digest them earlier, now, he had already used up all of the Primordial Domain regarding blood path.


 In terms of attainment level, he was the number one person in the world regarding blood path, but currently, he was in an awkward state of lacking relevant Immortal Gu.


 He needed a large quantity of crucial blood path Immortal Gu!


 Among them, the ones that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable wanted the most were Blood Asset, Blood Skull, Bloodline, Blood Relation, and others.


 But in fact, these Immortal Gu were already owned.


 Gan Ni had been refining all sorts of blood path Immortal Gu for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, blood rope Immortal Gu was one of the products.


 But these Immortal Gu were too low ranked, they did not suit Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 These blood path Immortal Gu needed to be rank eight at least!


 This job was too difficult for Gan Ni to complete.


 Gan Ni cultivated earth path and refinement path, she was not a pure refinement path Gu Immortal. Even if she was, the success rate of refining rank eight Immortal Gu was just too low.


 “If Long Hair Ancestor were still around, it would be much simpler.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable started to miss Long Hair Ancestor.


 Back then, he had asked Long Hair Ancestor to refine all those luck Immortal Gu, he managed to create Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 “Fang Yuan took the initiative to refine so many blood path Immortal Gu, regardless of this situation, or whether I need to advance my other blood path Immortal Gu, I will need to transact with him!” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable found that he could not avoid Fang Yuan.


 Recently, He Feng Yang publicly transacted with Fang Yuan, this showed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable that Heavenly Court had an ambiguous attitude towards him.


 Since Heavenly Court was attempting this, if Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not follow, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Fang Yuan would leave him in the dust.


 “I’ll let Heavenly Lord Bai Zu handle this and buy blood path Immortal Gu from Fang Yuan! Hmph, isn’t he quite close to Fang Yuan...” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made a decision.


 Next, he started to deduce more blood path Immortal Gu recipes and killer moves.


 Blood path supreme grandmaster attainment level was his greatest assurance.


 Of course, there was another aspect, he was using his methods to look for the blood path research results of the various super forces, and also the blood path inheritances left behind by other geniuses.


 After all, deducing Immortal Gu recipes and killer moves took time and effort, if he could use established inheritances as reference, he would save a lot of time and energy.


 Heavenly Court.


 Two days ago, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had already stopped refining Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks.


 It was not that she was unwilling to, but her situation was the same as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, their immortal essence reserves were reaching critical levels, they had no choice but to stop.


 But Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s situation was different from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 In her previous life, her venerable aperture was contributed to Heavenly Court, and because Heavenly Court had devoured many immemorial nine heavens fragments, it was corroded by heaven’s will and her own wisdom path dao marks were turned back into natural dao marks.


 Thus, she could not retrieve her previous venerable aperture like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to raise her own dao marks to a colossal scale.


 But she had her own advantage.


 Heavenly Court contained a huge number of wisdom path dao marks, far beyond what she had in her previous life.


 Because Heavenly Court had existed for three million years, during which countless rank eight Gu Immortals had appeared, their immortal apertures were also fused into Heavenly Court.


 If she fully refined all the wisdom path dao marks in Heavenly Court, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would receive amplification that was far beyond Giant Sun Immortal Venerable inside Longevity Heaven!


 These last two days, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had been deducing killer moves, she wanted to use star eyes Immortal Gu and others to modify her own combat system.


 Similar to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, she had absorbed a lot of the Primordial Domain, her star path became supreme grandmaster again, and together with her wisdom path cultivation, she was much more adept than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in modifying killer moves!


 When refining natural dao marks, the immortal essence expenditure was huge. but when deducing killer moves, for the case of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the immortal essence expenditure was of an acceptable level.


 Relying on her current venerable aperture, the production of immortal essence was greater than the amount she expended.


 “But the most important thing is to refine all of Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks.”


 If she completed that, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would be able to use a killer move to conceal Heavenly Court’s information, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would not be able to use Longevity Heaven’s luck path dao marks to forcefully inspect it.


 Things were difficult to do openly, but easy to do secretly. Star Constellation Immortal Venerable knew this clearly.


 “After I block Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s investigative method, I will break the truthful floating ice and retrieve derivation Gu, it will be helpful in our human path development!”


 “In terms of immortal essence, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable should have an advantage, in terms of Gu refinement, Fang Yuan has the advantage. But I have rank nine derivation Immortal Gu, if I can use it well, I can surpass the two venerables.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable calculated internally.


 In the contest of three venerables, although they were not physically fighting, their contest had taken a different form.


 Refining dao marks, immortal essence reserves, rank nine Immortal Gu, all these various aspects were crucial points that the venerables competed in.


 Undeniably, whoever had the advantage in these aspects would have a higher chance of winning in the end!



***
Chapter 2247 - Fang Yuan’s Second Rank Nine Immortal Gu


***





 Chapter 2247: Fang Yuan’s Second Rank Nine Immortal Gu 

 Eastern Sea.


 “This is about enough, I should stop now.” Fang Yuan willed as he stopped refining dao marks.


 The sovereign immortal aperture had a hundred beads of yellow apricot immortal essence stored.


 But Fang Yuan did not stop refining natural dao marks because of issues with his immortal essence reserves.


 The truth was, he refined Eastern Sea’s refinement path dao marks openly, while secretly unsealing the truthful floating ice in his aperture!


 Most of his yellow apricot immortal essence beads were used to unseal the truthful floating ice, only a small portion were used to refine Eastern Sea’s refinement path dao marks.


 Because of his action, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stayed in their territories, they did not come to attack Fang Yuan.


 “Oh? Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stopped refining natural dao marks.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with luster.


 This information could not be hidden, because the three venerables paid a lot of attention to each other, Fang Yuan soon caught wind of this.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable should not have much immortal essence left, although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable is holed up inside Heavenly Court, her situation should be similar.”


 Fang Yuan let out a sigh of relief.


 With the two of them having low immortal essence, the chance of them attacking Fang Yuan was very low, their threat towards him also fell by many times.


 “Thankfully, I took a risk earlier and refined rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, otherwise, I’d be in a tough predicament now.”


 In the contest of three venerables, if one side lagged behind, they would not be able to catch up easily.


 After all, the three venerables were all elites of elites.


 “Currently, in terms of immortal essence reserves, I am already on par with the others. But truthfully, I have a lot more advantage than the two venerables.” Fang Yuan evaluated.


 Firstly, Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was simply too incredible and useful!


 Next, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had time path methods in effect, the rate of time was faster than the two venerables. In contrast, because of conflicting dao marks, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not have any time path methods that could be effective on their immortal apertures.


 And finally, Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal aperture had far deeper foundation than the two venerables who had just started developing theirs, the yellow apricot immortal essence he produced exceeded theirs.


 With all three elements, Fang Yuan’s yellow apricot immortal essence production far surpassed the two venerables.


 Currently, while Fang Yuan refined the natural dao marks, he showed signs of weakness, he constantly had to stop and wait.


 Because of obscured heavenly secret, the two venerables did not know that Fang Yuan possessed rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 And because they knew about the sovereign immortal aperture’s details, they knew the trait of non-conflicting dao marks, they did not think that Fang Yuan would take a risk to accelerate the time flow.


 As for the immortal aperture origin core’s production of immortal essence, the two venerables knew that the sovereign immortal aperture had just undergone a chaos tribulation and also got hit by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s fortune and disaster coexists killer move, thus, they underestimated the sovereign immortal aperture’s current foundation.


 Especially during this period of time, Fang Yuan refined Gu in treasure yellow heaven and was willing to pay Immortal Gu to purchase all sorts of resource points and establish earth vein and water veins, he did not conceal anything.


 In the eyes of the two venerables, such an action of urgently developing his immortal aperture meant that the sovereign immortal aperture had suffered immense losses in Crazed Demon Cave.


 Fang Yuan guessed the two venerables’ thoughts: “In their eyes, I need to work on raising my immortal essence production, while refining rank nine Immortal Gu is too dangerous, accelerating time flow will also cause tribulations to occur more quickly and expose my weakness. Thus, I can only build more resource points to raise my immortal aperture origin core so that I can produce more yellow apricot immortal essence.”


 “But if I make a small blunder, the two venerables will immediately be suspicious of me. Especially Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, as the number one person in wisdom path throughout history, it will be extremely difficult to deceive her!”


 Fang Yuan was currently treading on thin ice, he knew that maintaining the status-quo was the best form of victory.


 He could not afford to make any small mistakes!


 If a single small mistake appears, the two venerables would analyze it carefully before quickly taking attempts to probe the truth.


 If the truth was exposed, what would happen?


 Fang Yuan would definitely be attacked by both venerables together!


 Fang Yuan did not know how long he could hide this, after all, he was facing the two of the greatest geniuses throughout human history.


 It was possible that he would be exposed at the next moment.


 If such a situation happened, Fang Yuan would not be surprised.


 No longer distracted by refining the refinement path dao marks, Fang Yuan started to unseal the truthful floating ice with his full strength.


 Intuition told him that a huge gain was about to appear.


 And sure enough, several days later, his heaven path attainment level rose to quasi-grandmaster.


 Even though it did not reach grandmaster, Fang Yuan had a deep foundation, he developed a strong sense of confidence —


 “If I deduce with all my effort now, I can definitely create a heaven path killer move that can allow me to take the Primordial Domain!”


 Fang Yuan’s portion of the Primordial Domain had always been kept in treasure yellow heaven.


 Goods in treasure yellow heaven could not be used on the spot.


 Thus, Fang Yuan could not sell his own clone and absorb the Primordial Domain there, there was no chance of this happening.


 Fang Yuan had to retrieve the portion of the Primordial Domain and absorb them to raise his attainment levels!


 “Unsealing the truthful floating ice mainly increases heaven path dao marks, followed by heaven path attainment level, and finally, the attainment level of other paths. This last effect is barely evident, it is only an additional effect of the truthful floating ice and is extremely insignificant.”


 “Only by using the Primordial Domain can I raise the attainment levels of all my paths to a huge degree!”


 “But, right now, is there a need to do it?”


 After careful consideration, Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Deducing the heaven path killer move was not hard for Fang Yuan, his worry were the two venerables.


 Once he took out the Primordial Domain, he would have exposed his heaven path method.


 The two venerables would first be alerted, Fang Yuan had the sovereign immortal body, with so many portions of the Primordial Domain, if he digested them, his attainment levels would rise and cause him to become much more threatening.


 Afterwards, the two venerables would be suspicious, why would Fang Yuan possess such a heaven path method?


 He did not use it in the past, now that he had the heaven path method, it meant that his heaven path cultivation had improved greatly.


 That would make them think of the truthful floating ice.


 After all, Fang Yuan obtained the most pieces of truthful floating ice among the three venerables!


 If Fang Yuan improved in heaven path because he unsealed the truthful floating ice, then where did he get the immortal essence beads needed to do so?


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Limitless Demon Venerable had cooperated for a million years to maintain the Crazed Demon formation. She even assimilated with the Dao and created the killer move human executing heaven’s work, she definitely knew that unsealing the truthful floating ice required immortal essence.


 Once she found out, she would inform Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and the two would work together and attack Fang Yuan to suppress him.


 Like what Fang Yuan considered earlier, a small mistake would cause the two venerables to attack him immediately.


 It was too likely!


 “I can secretly deduce the heaven path killer move but the collection of the Primordial Domain will need to wait.”


 Even though the Primordial Domain was very useful to Fang Yuan, it was not the key now. Because it would cause both venerables to attack and cause Fang Yuan to lose his current advantage, the loss was not worth the gain.


 “No, the heaven path killer move can wait. After all, once I gain this method, my luck will rise sharply.”


 “Also, I have rank nine Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus now, it has already increased the burden on obscured heavenly secret, its expenditure is rising rapidly.”


 “What I need to do is to refine a second rank nine Immortal Gu!”


 This thought had been lingering in Fang Yuan’s mind for a long time.


 As for what Immortal Gu he should refine, Fang Yuan already had an answer.


 That was Immortal Gu — Advance Refinement!


 Not Spring Autumn Cicada, Dog Shit Luck, Attitude, or Dream Token, but advance refinement Gu.


 Once advance refinement Gu becomes rank nine, it would be extremely useful for Fang Yuan to advance the rest of his rank eight Immortal Gu.


 For example, when Fang Yuan refined Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, if he had rank nine advance refinement Gu, the difficulty would be halved at least!


 Fang Yuan had two advantages when refining rank nine advance refinement Gu.


 The first advantage was that Fang Yuan had rank eight advance refinement Gu already, this Gu came from Lang Ya Sect, it was originally the core of the Long Hair refinement path formation, it was currently the core of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool.


 Secondly, advance refinement Gu was a refinement path Immortal Gu. Even though some rule path immortal materials were needed in the process, it was much purer than Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, refinement path immortal materials were the bulk of its components.


 Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, he could perfectly process refinement path immortal materials, this meant that the success rate would be much higher as well.


 Right when Fang Yuan was secretly thinking of refining rank nine advance refinement Gu.


 Western Desert.


 At the core area of wind falcon desert.


 Bam!


 With a loud sound, a vast amount of sand flew into the sky.


 An Immortal Gu House charged out from underground, it was Fang clan’s rank seven Immortal Gu House, Chicken Dog Coop.


 This Chicken Dog Coop Immortal Gu House looked like two buildings side by side, the left building was yellow and had a round plaque that had ‘chicken’ written on it, the right building was red and had the word ‘dog’ on its plaque.


 As its entrance opened, chicken and dog ancient desolate beasts flew out, there were tens of them.


 Chicken Dog Coop burst out with profound light, shaking heaven and earth.


 The empty desert suddenly had an oasis that appeared out of nowhere.


 This oasis had countless pine trees that were tall and sharp, each one was at least three hundred feet tall, and they were widely spaced apart. The trees spread their branches and leaves out, the leaves gathered into balls with an extremely flat surface that resembled a grassland.


 On top of the pine leaf grassland, there were huge nests.


 Within the nests, there were long-distanced wind falcons, there were all sorts of wind falcons ranging from ordinary beasts, beast kings, desolate beasts, and even ancient desolate beasts.


 “This tall pine oasis is incredible, as expected of Wan clan’s resource point that is ranked second in Western Desert.” Fang Di Chang critiqued from within Chicken Dog Coop.


 This was Wan clan’s territory, the rank seven Gu Immortal expert of Wan clan that guarded this place was Wan Xiao.


 He did not show up, instead, he controlled the immortal formation and defended against the attacks of the ancient desolate beasts, he scolded angrily: “Fang clan, what are you trying to do? As a Western Desert righteous path super force, you are actually attacking another righteous path super force without reason?!”


 Within Chicken Dog Coop, Fang Di Chang smiled coldly and replied: “Earlier, Wan clan gathered the Western Desert super forces to attack my Fang clan together, we will settle the score now! Do you really think my Fang clan is a weak target to bully?”



***
Chapter 2248 - Winding Light Platform


***





 Chapter 2248: Winding Light Platform 

 At the center of the formation. Wan Xiao’s expression was solemn, he felt a huge rock pressing down on his mind.


 Fang clan’s attack was too sudden, he was completely unguarded!


 The truth was, it was not that Wan clan had not made preparations.


 Even since they failed in rallying Western Desert righteous path super forces, Wan clan had prepared for Fang clan’s retaliation; they sent more manpower to their large peripheral resource points, while also strengthening the defensive formations there.


 They even paid a huge price to request Xiao clan to set up a transportation formation, in order to send reinforcements in time.


 But who could have thought that the moment Fang clan made a move, they actually bypassed the peripheral resource points, and directly invaded deep into Wan clan’s territory, attacking Wan clan’s second largest resource point!


 “Fang clan planned a long time for this, but how in the world did they come here?” Wan Xiao was puzzled.


 Wan clan was already aware of Fang clan’s three Immortal Gu Houses – Chicken Dog Coop, Inquiry Dock, and Fallen Flower Hall. None of them could accomplish this.


 “Oh no!”


 Right at this time, Wan Xiao shockingly sensed that the formation was shaking and the ground was quaking, as if an earth trench was about to form. A large number of pine trees of the tall pine oasis fell.


 “This defensive formation’s base is buried thousands of feet deep under the ground. Fang clan actually found it so precisely, they are destroying it!”


 Wan Xiao quickly inspected and saw an Immortal Gu House wreaking havoc underground, destroying the formation’s base.


 Immortal formations usually had a formation base, it was like the foundation of a building but much more important. Formation bases were incredibly important to the immortal formations, they were the foundation of the foundation.


 If the formation base was destroyed, the formation would become extremely unstable, like a building with ruined foundation. With just a slight disturbance in the base, the formation would reveal a huge flaw and even be destroyed.


 Therefore, when Gu Immortals set up immortal formations, they would hide the formation base. Some formation bases were hidden underground, some were hidden in the air, and some were kept in the center of the formation.


 This defensive formation in tall pine oasis had existed for a long time, and because of the environmental restrictions, the Gu Immortals who set the formation back then felt that only by burying the formation base deep underground could the formation take care of all aspects. It could defend and also nurture resources.


 “But the formation base has been discovered and is being attacked! Fang clan is too insidious, they actually had an earth path Immortal Gu House as well!” Wan Xiao gritted his teeth.


 What made him feel an even greater chill was that Fang clan’s methods were powerful and well prepared.


 “Whose plan was it? Isn’t Fang Di Chang trapped inside Divine Emperor City? Could it be that youngster Fang Yun? What should I do?” Wan Xiao was sweating all over.


 He had confidence earlier as tall pine oasis’ defensive formation was very strong. He had confidence to rely on the formation to hold on until Wan clan’s reinforcements arrived.


 Fang clan had Immortal Gu Houses, Wan clan naturally had them as well!


 When Wan clan’s Immortal Gu Houses arrived and coordinated with the defensive formation, it would not be difficult to force back Fang clan.


 Once Fang clan were forced back, it would be Wan clan’s victory.


 Because Fang clan’s action already crossed the limits of the Western Desert righteous path, such a defeat would definitely lower their reputation.


 Wan clan could take the chance to counterattack, rallying the other forces with a righteous reason. At that time, the reaction of Western Desert’s super forces would be different from before.


 “But can I hold on until then?” Wan Xiao was solemn.


 Wan clan headquarters.


 “What? Fang clan attacked our tall pine oasis!” After receiving Wan Xiao’s letter, the expression of Wan clan’s first supreme elder changed sharply.


 Wan Xiao had given a detailed description in the letter. The situation was serious and extremely urgent.


 Tall pine oasis was Wan clan’s second largest resource point, it was a renowned super resource point in Western Desert and even in the whole five regions, it could not be taken. Once it was destroyed or taken over, the losses would be enormous.


 “Fang clan... is really vicious. It is now a critical moment for my Wan clan!”


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder only had rank seven cultivation and did not have outstanding battle strength, but he possessed an intuitive view of the big picture.


 He was deeply aware: Once tall pine oasis fell into the enemy’s hands, not only would they lose all the resources inside, Wan clan’s reputation and prestige would also suffer a huge impact.


 Previously, Wan clan’s rally did not succeed. Now, if the resource point were to be destroyed by Fang clan, in the eyes of everyone, Wan clan would become the weakest force in Western Desert’s righteous path. They would be an object of ridicule and the representation of the weakest target!


 Once this thought emerged, Wan clan would head down the road of decline. Because in the current situation, with the chaotic war imminent, people’s hearts were uneasy. If the chaotic war erupted, everyone would feel that Wan clan could be taken advantage of.


 This was a frightening situation for Wan clan.


 Hence, when Wan clan’s first supreme elder received Wan Xiao’s request for reinforcements, he immediately acted. He personally moved with Winding Light Platform.


 Only a rank six Gu Immortal and a rank seven Immortal Gu House were left to guard the headquarters.


 On his way, Wan clan’s first supreme elder messaged all the Wan clan Gu Immortals.


 The Wan clan immortals were shocked and furious.


 “The peripheral territories are peaceful and have no disturbance.” After receiving the replies, the brows of Wan clan’s first supreme elder furrowed tightly.


 After some rapid thinking, he clenched his teeth and sent a command.


 Shortly after, Wan Hao Guang received this command.


 “Zhui Qing, defend this place. If Fang clan attacks, you must retreat immediately. I need to hurry to wind falcon desert to reinforce Wan Xiao.”


 Wan Hao Guang immediately moved out.


 The relationship between him and Wan Xiao’s relationship. Back then, three Wan clan immortals fought Fang Yuan, and Wan Xiao risked his life to save Wan Hao Guang. Now, Wan Hao Guang could similarly go to such an extent.


 But Wan Zhui Qing grabbed Wan Hao Guang’s hand: “Lord, it is too dangerous for you to go right now! We don’t have clear information on what Fang clan’s real arrangements are. If their plan of besieging the enemy stronghold is meant to strike at the reinforcements, wouldn’t you be jumping right into a trap?”


 “I have a suggestion. Currently, Fang clan has entered deep into our Wan clan’s territory, if we just defend, we will only receive a beating and fall into Fang clan’s scheme. We may as well launch an attack and invade Fang clan’s resource points, we should use offense against offense!”


 Wan Hao Guang’s eyes shone as he sized up Wan Zhui Qing and patted his shoulder: “Good lad, you have improved!”


 “But, do you think first supreme elder did not think of this?” Wan Hao Guang shook his head.


 “First supreme elder asked experts like us to go and reinforce them because he does not have the confidence to force back Fang clan’s forces. Fang clan’s first supreme elder Fang Gong is a rank eight expert, while we have not seen him since the start of the battle. He may very likely be inside Chicken Dog Coop.”


 “According to your plan, even if we invade Fang clan’s resource points, once we lose tall pine oasis, our Wan clan will still suffer a huge loss. All those peripheral resource points of Fang clan combined cannot compare to our tall pine oasis.”


 Wan Zhui Qing turned pale as he deeply realized the cruelty of reality.


 Even if they were not clear of Fang clan’s true arrangements, Wan Hao Guang had to go reinforce them, even if he had to risk his life. Simply because they could not afford to lose tall pine oasis.


 Boom!


 The formation base was destroyed, a huge flaw formed in the immortal formation from which Chicken Dog Coop charged in.


 Wan Xiao was furious but could only maintain the damaged formation while clenching his teeth.


 With their home being invaded, wind falcons were provoked. They screeched as they attacked Chicken Dog Coop, going against the chickens and dogs sent by Fang clan.


 A fierce fight between the beasts erupted as blood splashed everywhere.


 Chickens cawed, dogs barked, and falcons screeched. They formed a medley that resounded in the battlefield.


 An immemorial wind falcon clawed open the roof of Chicken Dog Coop.


 The Fang clan Gu Immortals inside were already prepared, they repaired it in orderly and calm fashion.


 Fang Di Chang laughed loudly: “What an impressive immemorial desolate beast, get in here!”


 At the next moment, Chicken Dog Coop let out a beam of light. The beam enveloped the immemorial wind falcon and dragged it inside.


 The immemorial wind falcon struggled with all its strength, but its body kept on shrinking and its resistance grew weaker and weaker, until it was finally absorbed by Chicken Dog Coop.


 “What? This Immortal Gu House can suppress the immemorial wind falcon?” Wan Xiao’s heart shook.


 Chicken Dog Coop was an enslavement path Immortal Gu House that could only enslave chickens and dogs, but who could have expected that it gained a new ability now.


 “Enough is enough! Fang clan, you will pay for this one day! I, Wan Xiao, swear upon it.” Wan Xiao roared in his head as he stared at the wind falcons that were being suppressed by Chicken Dog Coop.


 Fortunately, this situation did not continue for long, Wan clan’s first supreme elder appeared in the horizon with Wan clan’s Immortal Gu House.


 Wan Xiao immediately relaxed.


 “Winding Light Platform.” Fang Di Chang muttered as he saw this.


 This Winding Light Platform was a rank seven light path Immortal Gu House. It was greyish white with eight sides and eight corners. On the tall platform, Wan clan’s first supreme elder was standing straight, his face furious as he fixed his gaze on Chicken Dog Coop.


 Both sides were still a few kilometers apart when Winding Light Platform suddenly shot out four beams of light.


 The beams actually bent in the air, they nimbly attacked Chicken Dog Coop from different directions.


 Under Fang Di Chang’s control, Chicken Dog Coop activated defensive killer moves and blocked all four beams.


 In this short while, Winding Light Platform had arrived before Chicken Dog Coop.


 Boom.


 With a loud explosive sound, Wan clan’s first supreme elder actually made Winding Light Platform collide with Chicken Dog Coop.


 The two Immortal Gu Houses collided before being mutually repelled, a large number of mortal Gu broke into pieces and scattered in the air.


 “Hehehe, Wan clan’s first supreme elder, you have such a fiery temper.” Fang Di Chang’s voice resounded in the battlefield.


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder and Wan Xiao’s expressions changed: “Fang Di Chang? Weren’t you trapped in Emperor City, no, inside Divine Emperor City?!”


 Fang Di Chang’s eyelids twitched as his voice turned heavy: “That is not the important point. Wan clan, I am representing Fang clan to teach you a lesson. Don’t think that any random force can find trouble with my Fang clan.”


 “You speak with no shame!” Wan clan’s first supreme elder shouted furiously. Immediately after, Winding Light Platform activated its killer move again.


 Tens of beams of light swept the battlefield, Chicken Dog Coop was forced back time and again, its ancient desolate beasts suffered serious casualties. Even the earth path Immortal Gu House that was deep underground also got struck by the light, it was almost destroyed.


 “Fang clan moved underground and invaded deep into our territory, it is very likely because of the ability of this earth path Immortal Gu House. But this Immortal Gu House seems fragile, or at least, its defensive aspect is not good enough.” Wan clan’s first supreme elder immediately cheered up.



***
Chapter 2249 - Huge Commotion


***





 Chapter 2249: Huge Commotion 

 Wan clan’s first supreme elder traveled in Winding Light Platform and arrived just in time. After fighting one round with Chicken Dog Coop, he immediately discovered the weakness of Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House.


 When he discovered this, Wan clan’s first supreme elder did not hesitate to activate Winding Light Platform to shoot out beams of light at the underground earth path Immortal Gu House.


 The earth path Immortal Gu House quickly drilled deeper, evading with extreme nimbleness.


 Although its defense was nothing to boast about, its speed was astonishing, it dodged all the beams.


 Some beams brushed past it, making for an extremely dangerous situation.


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder smiled: “Let me show you my Wan clan Immortal Gu House’s ability!”


 Saying so, he activated Winding Light Platform’s signature method.


 Immediately, those straight pure-white beams of light underground started to bend and change their direction, attacking the earth path Immortal Gu House again.


 A large number of beams formed a web that shrouded the earth path Immortal Gu House from all sides.


 The earth path Immortal Gu House could only struggle fiercely, and after ten or so breaths of time, it charged out of the ground.


 “I was waiting for you.” The eyes of Wan clan’s first supreme elder shone sharply, “I shall destroy this Immortal Gu House as the payment for invading my Wan clan!”


 “Stop dreaming.” Fang Di Chang called out as he controlled Chicken Dog Coop to collide with Winding Light Platform.


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder gave a shout, Winding Light Platform shot out beams once again. The beams of light coiled around Winding Light Platform, connecting with each other as they formed a powerful defensive ring.


 Chicken Dog Coop collided onto the surface, but its strength was redirected by the winding beams, causing it to brush past Winding Light Platform.


 Immediately after, Winding Light Platform shot a ray of yellow light.


 The yellow light covered Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House, holding it down on the spot.


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder poured in his immortal essence in a frenzy, the yellow light started to coil like a fried dough twist[1].


 Under the constriction of the yellow beam of light, Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House started cracking, a large number of mortal Gu were crushed to pieces.


 This move was Winding Light Platform’s strongest method. In just a short ten breaths of time, Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House would be completely destroyed, even the Gu Immortals inside could not escape alive!


 Wan Zhui Qing flew rapidly in the sky.


 His expression was extremely cold, but his heart was like a bright burning flame.


 This was the fire of vengeance!


 Wan Zhui Qing’s father was Wan Liang Han.


 The latter was a rank seven wisdom path Gu Immortal. He had fought Fang Yuan with Wan Hao Guang and Wan Xiao, resulting in his death in the battle.


 Back then, Fang Yuan hid in Fang clan, so in Wan Zhui Qing’s heart, it was the same as Fang clan killing his father.


 The hatred of his father’s murder was irreconcilable!


 Since the moment he learned of father’s death, Wan Zhui Qing’s life experienced a complete change.


 Previously, he was a second generation immortal, with his father’s support, he could be arrogant and complacent.


 After the fall of his father who sheltered him from the cruelty of the outside world, Wan Zhui Qing matured quickly amidst the grief and fear.


 He realized that his comfortable life was the result of many people giving face to his father. He realized how fortunate he had been, and also realized his only hope now was to work hard.


 So, when Wan clan’s rally did not bear fruit and they deployed immortals to defend their peripheral territories, although Wan Zhui Qing was only at rank six, he disregarded the risk and requested to be sent to a peripheral territory to defend the resource point.


 He knew that he had to display his value to the clan. If the value was not high, then he had to show his loyalty!


 He did not have any fortuitous encounters, so he could only rely on the clan.


 And the clan was not his father.


 Every time Wan Zhui Qing remembered how blessed he had lived when his father was alive, his hatred towards Fang clan deepened.


 “Wan Hao Guang made me guard the resource point, but what can I, a mere rank six Gu Immortal, do, even with the support of the immortal formation? Wan Hao Guang is the main reliance to stall the enemies until reinforcements arrive. If Fang clan’s true motive is to attack the peripheral resource points, I will definitely not be able to defend mine.”


 “Since that is the case, I may as well risk it and attack Fang clan’s resource points. I will do what Wan Hao Guang cannot do!”


 Wan Zhui Qing decided to risk it.


 If he stayed to defend the resource point, and Fang clan attacked strongly, he would at most be able to hold on for a while before he would need to retreat through the teleportation formation.


 Returning to the clan with such a result of losing the clan’s resource point would be a small stain on his records at the very least.


 But if he attacked Fang clan’s resource point and made some gains, it would no doubt be a huge merit. Especially under the situation when tall pine oasis was attacked and the casualties were high.


 In this situation, as long as Wan Zhui Qing succeeded, it would be like helping Wan clan restore their prestige.


 “At such a time, one merit or contribution will be counted as ten! The clan will also look at me differently.”


 “With the clan’s rewards and increased support, I can progress rapidly, otherwise, with my current growth speed, it will take forever before I can exact revenge for my father!”


 After Wan Liang Han died, his Gu worms were not left behind for Wan Zhui Qing.


 It was not easy for Wan Zhui Qing to cultivate, and he could only fight for opportunities by himself.


 “I am here. The most peripheral resource point of Fang clan!” Wan Zhui Qing slowed down, he restrained his aura and approached quietly.


 “Fang clan, regarding the hatred of killing my father, I am going to take a bit of revenge now!”


 However, after a while, Wan Zhui Qing was stupefied.


 He was standing dazedly on the spot, facing the desolate desert.


 “Wasn’t this the location of flying sand tunnel? Wait a second, there are clear signs of relocation. Fang clan moved this resource point away?”


 Wan Zhui Qing was puzzled.


 Was it necessary to do that?


 Just to prevent an improbable counterattack of Wan clan, they relocated the resource point?


 The loss in doing that was not small.


 When resource points were relocated, their productivity would fall. Because the resource point was already in sync with the surrounding environment.


 Relocating a resource point was like moving trees, the roots would leave the land and lose the nutrients, even if they were transplanted to a better land, they would need to adapt for some time.


 But how many areas were truly suitable for the resource point?


 Even if it was an area with denser earth path dao marks, the difference in the arrangement of the dao marks could result in the destruction of the resource point.


 Super forces rarely relocated their resource points.


 As far as enemies were concerned, relocating a resource point was like the front-line fortress being removed, it reduced the obstructions, and they could easily invade deeper.


 “No, something is wrong!”


 “Super forces don’t easily relocate their resource points, but it is different now.”


 “Heaven Refining Demon Venerable has been madly developing his sovereign immortal aperture, the Gu refinement price list in treasure yellow heaven mostly asks for earth path resource points too.”


 “Fang clan could have secretly transacted with Fang Yuan using these resource points as the payment.”


 “Then, how many Immortal Gu did they exchange for?”


 A shocking thought flashed by Wan Zhui Qing’s mind, turning his face pale as paper.


 “Fang clan has secretly traded with Fang Yuan, their strength has increased greatly. Our information on Fang clan is way off, oh no, tall pine oasis is in danger!”


 When he realized this, Wan Zhui Qing immediately sent a message to Wan clan’s first supreme elder through treasure yellow heaven.


 But at this time, Wan clan’s first supreme elder was controlling Winding Light Platform and making the final attacks on Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House, how could he spare any time to look at Wan Zhui Qing’s message?


 “Break!” Wan clan’s first supreme elder shouted.


 “Hmph, wishful thinking.” Right at this time, a figure suddenly appeared above Wan clan’s first supreme elder.


 Rank eight aura surged like a tide, it was Fang clan’s first supreme elder, rank eight Fang Gong!


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder, however, did not even take a glance at Fang Gong. His sight was fixed on the earth path Immortal Gu House, he wanted to destroy this Immortal Gu House to make Fang clan suffer a heavy loss!


 As for his safety, Wan clan’s first supreme elder was confident in the protection of Winding Light Platform.


 However, all this was within Fang clan’s plan.


 Immortal killer move — Roof Tile Breaker!


 Fang Gong activated a killer move and slammed down with his palms.


 Ripples spread around Winding Light Platform as it blocked Fang Gong’s attack.


 Bam bam bam...


 Fang Gong slammed down without stopping. Palm shadows flew in the air as attacks rained down on Winding Light Platform.


 Rank seven Winding Light Platform possessed rank eight battle strength, blocking all of Fang Gong’s attacks.


 But the expression of Wan clan’s first supreme elder changed abruptly.


 He made a horrifying discovery: Every attack of Fang Gong’s possessed a strange power, although it could not destroy Winding Light Platform’s defensive methods, the power infiltrated the inside and caused severe damage to Winding Light Platform’s Gu worms!


 Almost in an instant, Winding Light Platform was damaged to a great extent, the yellow beams of light that had been restricting Fang clan’s earth path Immortal Gu House lost their source of power and dispersed completely.


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder almost spat blood from anger after seeing this.


 “Fang clan, you have gone too far!” Wan clan’s first supreme elder immediately controlled Winding Light Platform to retreat.


 He realized Fang clan was targeting him, more accurately, they were targeting Wan clan’s Immortal Gu House.


 Compared to tall pine oasis, Winding Light Platform was Fang clan’s true objective.


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder used all his strength to retreat.


 But since Fang clan saw their real objective, why would they let it go so easily?


 Under a normal situation, other Gu Immortals might not be able to block an Immortal Gu House’s charge and could only evade. But Fang Gong was an exception.


 Fang Gong held down Winding Light Platform while Chicken Dog Coop also attacked.


 After enduring for a while, Winding Light Platform crumbled apart loudly. Wan clan’s first supreme elder’s mind was filled with anger as he attacked Fang Gong.


 Fang Gong’s expression was indifferent: “Wan clan’s first supreme elder, remember this moment. Our Fang clan is not to be trifled with, this Winding Light Platform is the price for going against us.”


 Fang Gong punched lightly towards Wan clan’s first supreme elder while maintaining his momentum.


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder only had rank seven cultivation, he simply could not catch Fang Gong’s attention.


 But at the next moment, Wan clan’s first supreme elder’s expression suddenly stiffened. His killer move’s activation failed, causing him to get hit by an intense backlash, he was also struck by Fang Gong’s punch, he immediately turned into meat pulp, losing his life!


 Everyone was stumped, including Fang Gong and Fang Di Chang.


 “First supreme elder!!” Wan Xiao cried mournfully, he rode a wind falcon and took the chance to escape tall pine oasis.


 His movement shook the Fang clan’s immortals as they regained their senses.


 “What should we do now?” Fang Gong transmitted his voice to Fang Di Chang with an awkward expression.


 Fang Di Chang’s expression was dark: “How could you kill Wan clan’s first supreme elder?”


 This was different from their plan.


 Fang clan’s true target was Wan clan’s Immortal Gu House. Wan clan had two Immortal Gu Houses, both were rank seven and could fight rank eight, they were the foundation which Wan clan relied on to be a super force. Their significance was far higher than that of tall pine oasis.


 Getting rid of Winding Light Platform would be the greatest victory for Fang clan.


 Fang clan’s prestige would rise sharply, no super force would dare to rashly unite against them again.


 On the contrary, Wan clan would lose one of their rank seven Immortal Gu Houses, from then on, they could only hole up in their territory, unable to cause any more trouble.


 But it was different now!


 Wan clan’s first supreme elder was dead, this was a huge issue.


 Wan clan would definitely retaliate with all their strength. They could use this reason to gather Western Desert’s righteous path forces and form a punitive expedition against Fang clan.


 Because Fang clan had gone way beyond the limits.


 Not only did they battle without prior notice, they even killed the other clan’s first supreme elder. It was like a neighbor suddenly crashing into someone’s home and killing its owner.


 This action of Fang clan was completely a demonic path action. Righteous path forces would be frightened, afraid that they would be the next Wan clan.


 Thereupon, Western Desert’s super forces would definitely unite.


 “I already held back in that punch, but Wan clan’s first supreme elder was in an agitated state. He seemed to have triggered his killer move’s backlash, and by some freak coincidence, lost his life.” Fang Gong said with a sigh.


 Although they won, Fang Gong was not happy.


 Even the other Fang clan Gu Immortals felt a heavy mood, because all of them knew this matter was huge now.


 Only one person was different.


 Tang Fang Ming was hiding deep underground, excited and fearful.


 “Amazing, this dream path killer move is truly amazing. Wan clan’s first supreme elder lost his life because of this, but Fang clan is completely unaware.”


 “I have accomplished Lord Fang Yuan’s mission!”


 [1] A type of food, Google for image.



***
Chapter 2250 - Fang Yuan’s Scheme


***





 Chapter 2250: Fang Yuan’s Scheme 

 Countless thoughts surged in Fang Di Chang’s mind like tall towers before quickly collapsing. The rising and collapsing of the thoughts for thousands of times caused Fang Di Chang to sweat profusely and his face to flush red.


 Evidently, his wisdom path deductions reached his limits.


 “This is bad, extremely bad!” Fang Di Chang mumbled with an ugly expression. All the results of the deductions let him see the miserable future of Fang clan.


 Previously, Wan clan’s rallying failed, thus, Fang clan avoided a calamity, in truth, this was mainly because of the uncertain relationship of Fang clan and Fang Yuan.


 Adding on that the five regional walls were gone and with the fusion of the two heavens, Gu Immortals were worried for their own safety and maintained caution.


 However, Fang Di Chang was very clear of the true nature of Great Love Immortal Venerable.


 If Fang clan were to be besieged by Western Desert’s super forces, Fang Yuan would never stand up for them.


 Fang Yuan only prioritized real benefits!


 Unless Fang clan paid a high price that moved Fang Yuan’s heart, he would never help Fang clan.


 Like this time, Fang clan first had the intention of attacking Wan clan, before they secretly transacted with Fang Yuan.


 Fang clan paid a lot of resource points to advance the rank of the core Immortal Gu of roof tile breaker killer move and exchanged for many Immortal Gu to construct that earth path Immortal Gu House.


 If Fang Yuan did not help, Fang clan and Fang Yuan’s true relationship would be exposed, then Fang clan would face destruction.


 Could Fang clan pay the price for Fang Yuan’s help?


 Fang Di Chang had no confidence in this.


 What made him more worried was that even if Fang clan could pay a high price to request for Fang Yuan’s assistance, what if the other super forces tried to imitate them, could Fang clan match their price?


 “No matter what Fang clan chooses, Fang Yuan will be the biggest winner!” Fang Di Chang gritted his teeth as he thought.


 Fang Yuan destroyed his body and captured his soul, Fang Di Chang could not forget this hatred.


 “What should we do? This first supreme elder is really the shame of Wan clan, he actually fought so carelessly. Maybe, we can revive him?” Fang Gong suggested with a frown.


 Fang Di Chang shook his head.


 He had already thought of this, but they could not do it.


 Not to mention that Fang clan did not have a method to revive Gu Immortals, they might need to request help from others to revive Wan clan’s first supreme elder.


 Even if they succeeded in reviving Wan clan’s first supreme elder, would this grudge be gone?


 It was similar to how Fang Di Chang was killed by Fang Yuan and his soul captured, but was released later on. Was the hatred between him and Fang Yuan gone?


 How could that be possible!


 This grudge deepened, on the contrary.


 It could be said that the enmity between Fang clan and Wan clan was already impossible to resolve, Wan clan was definitely going to retaliate with their full strength.


 Under this situation, were Fang clan to revive Wan clan’s first supreme elder, it would be like reviving their enemy who would give them more trouble in the future.


 It was too stupid.


 Naturally, Gu Immortals had endless methods. There were many ways to resolve the hatred.


 For instance, the publicly known Spring Autumn Cicada. As long as the rebirth succeeded, everything could start anew.


 There were also wisdom path methods to change the feelings of Wan clan’s immortals.


 But these methods would need to be of an extremely high rank to be effective on all the Wan clan immortals, and Fang clan did not have them.


 “Huff!” Fang Di Chang sighed, sharp light flashed past his eyes as he said heavily, “We can only continue to go forward now. We will go attack Wan clan’s headquarters and deal a huge blow to them!”


 Fang Gong narrowed his eyes, while the other Fang clan Gu Immortals felt a chill in their hearts.


 This matter had already become big, Fang clan would no doubt face huge trouble.


 Since that was the case, there was no need to hesitate, they might as well disregard the consequences and weaken Wan clan as much as possible.


 “Alright!” Fang Gong made the decision.


 Fang clan immediately collected Chicken Dog Coop and got inside the earth path Immortal Gu House, moving towards Wan clan’s headquarters through the underground.


 However, when they reached Wan clan’s headquarters, there was no one there.


 Wan clan’s Gu Immortals had evacuated long ago, their remaining Immortal Gu House Myriad Age Building, as well as all the resources in the headquarters and treasuries were also completely gone.


 Fang clan’s immortals were livid.


 This was the worst situation for Fang clan!


 After a while of silence, Fang Di Chang suggested: “First supreme elder, at this point, I can only ask you to move with Chicken Dog Coop and clean out Wan clan’s resource points. I will lead the others to go back to our headquarters and prepare for war!”


 Fang Gong nodded: “I guess we have no choice.”


 Fang Di Chang’s expression was extremely solemn: “For Fang clan to get past this trial, we must rely on Fang Yuan. The more resource points you can loot, the more Immortal Gu we can exchange from Fang Yuan and have greater hope.”


 “I understand!” Fang Gong chose two people to go with him inside Chicken Dog Coop, they disappeared in the horizon.


 Fang Di Chang led the remaining Fang clan immortals back to Fang clan’s headquarters in the earth path Immortal Gu House.


 A storm was coming, everyone in Fang clan was tense, they were like tigers who sensed threats to their lives, hairs stood on ends and their eyes opened wide, as they prepared to oppose the retaliation of a group of savage beasts!


 Eastern Sea.


 A sea breeze was blowing, and birds were chirping.


 Fang Yuan was calmly undergoing a Gu refinement attempt.


 Inside sovereign immortal aperture, the refinement of rank nine Advance Refinement had reached the mid-late stage.


 It was too easy!


 This was Fang Yuan’s biggest impression, even though this was the refinement of a rank nine Immortal Gu.


 It was completely different from the previous time.


 This time, Fang Yuan was not under the external pressure brought by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, and Spectral Soul Demon Venerable. He also did not need to guard the heavenly spirit.


 Another crucial point was Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was a wood path Immortal Gu, but advance refinement Gu was a refinement path Immortal Gu. The latter came under Fang Yuan’s specialty.


 It was much easier for him to process refinement path immortal materials than to handle wood path immortal materials.


 Fang Yuan was even dealing with other matters while refining the rank nine Immortal Gu.


 Fang clan’s message arrived quickly, and it contained a list.


 The contents of the list were over ten resource points! It did not lack large resource points, and there was even a super resource point.


 Over these days, Fang Gong displayed the strength of a rank eight Gu Immortal.


 Fang Di Chang managed the overall situation, and even dispatched Inquiry Dock. Fang clan combed through Wan clan’s territories, occupying many of the resource points.


 “Looks like Fang clan gained a lot. Sure enough, every person has potential. How can it appear if they are not pressured?”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 After Fang clan entered the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, they made secret transactions.


 By seeing the several Immortal Gu that Fang clan exchanged for, Fang Yuan could deduce Fang clan’s plan.


 It was also reasonable for Fang clan to retaliate against Wan clan for self preservation.


 Since Tang clan’s name was intentionally concealed by Fang Yuan, it was rather special for Fang Yuan to only be connected to Fang clan among all the Western Desert super forces.


 Previously, Wan clan gathered Western Desert’s righteous path forces to attack Fang clan, this had already deeply provoked Fang clan.


 Wan clan’s rally failed, Fang clan let out a breath of relief before deciding to take the chance to attack Wan clan. This was a sensible move of using offense as defense!


 Fang Yuan immediately developed a plan when he noticed this. He manipulated the scene from behind, helping Fang clan with the Immortal Gu and raising their strength, while also sending a command to Tang clan, imparting a dream path killer move to Tang Fang Ming and also lending a dream path Immortal Gu.


 Currently, Fang clan had already stepped into Fang Yuan’s trap, becoming the source of disturbance in Western Desert.


 For self-preservation, they must cooperate with Fang Yuan even more deeply, seizing resource points for Fang Yuan.


 On the other hand, Tang clan schemed against Fang clan, this was the same as Fang Yuan gaining a huge hold over them. Fang Yuan’s influence over Tang clan deepened much more.


 In the letter, Fang clan asked for a lot of Immortal Gu, and also requested Fang Yuan to personally go to Western Desert and display the invincibility of Great Love Immortal Venerable if necessary! For this, Fang clan agreed to pay everything.


 “They want me to make a move?” Fang Yuan sneered.


 How could it be possible?


 In the current situation of the contest of three venerables, Fang Yuan had to make the most of every moment. It was impossible for him to make a move for Fang clan.


 He was using Fang clan, using them as a chess piece.


 A chess piece was a chess piece, it should be sacrificed when necessary.


 Unless the value of the chess piece was extremely high and could not be replaced, Fang Yuan would not go defend it personally.


 Who among Fang Yuan’s subordinates could not be replaced?


 No one!


 Fang Yuan could even abandon his own clones without hesitation when necessary. Why would he make a move for Fang clan?


 Heavenly Court.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had just started refining Heavenly Court’s wisdom path dao marks when an important message arrived.


 “There is a change in Western Desert, Fang clan invaded Wan clan?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s eyes flickered with starlights.


 “There is something fishy about Fang clan being so radical. Did Fang Yuan secretly fuel the situation?” Star Constellation Immortal Venerable quickly thought of this detail, after all, the whole five regions knew about Fang clan openly joining the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance.


 “Fang clan’s strength rose sharply, Fang Yuan clearly supported them from behind. Wan clan was caught unprepared, and Wan clan’s first supreme elder died in battle. Looks like Fang Yuan is intentionally causing unrest in Western Desert.”


 “Fang clan is actually willing to be ordered like this by Fang Yuan, making a move that puts the clan’s survival in risk. It seems Fang Yuan’s influence over Fang clan is much deeper than I thought!”


 “This is not good.”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable frowned slightly.


 She quickly sensed Fang Yuan’s true motive.


 “Fang Yuan does not care about Fang clan, even though he needs the resource points to develop the sovereign immortal aperture, his main target is to set an example of Fang clan to influence the Gu Immortal world of the whole five regions and two heavens!”


 Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, it was extremely easy for him to refine Immortal Gu.


 With his investment, any super force’s strength would soar rapidly. It was the so-called ‘with a sharp weapon in hand, killing intent rises’; Fang Yuan’s simple transaction could break the power balance that had existed for a long time in the five regions’ Gu Immortal world.


 At present, Western Desert super forces already understood the benefits of transacting with Fang Yuan.


 On one hand, Fang Yuan was openly transacting Immortal Gu in treasure yellow heaven, and the price was affordable to the super forces. On the other hand, he created the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, allowing any super force to join the alliance. Moreover, once they joined the alliance, they could transact secretly and obtain a lot of benefits.


 Fang clan joined the alliance, so they could transact secretly and raise their strength. Now, Wan clan Gu Immortals did not even dare to show up, they could only let Fang clan loot almost all of their resource points.


 This trend was truly dangerous!


 The gains of Fang clan moved people, while the miserable state of Wan clan deterred them.


 What could super forces do in this situation?


 The simplest choice was to join the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance!



***
Chapter 2251 - Heavenly Court’s Interference


***





 Chapter 2251: Heavenly Court’s Interference


 All along, Fang Yuan’s foreign policy had been extremely flexible.


 For instance, the content of the contribution board, mission board, and exchange board were different when comparing the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance and the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Similarly, the Eastern Sea Gu Immortals had to accept strict alliance agreements when they joined the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, but when the Gu Immortals of other four regions joined, their alliance agreements were extremely relaxed with almost no bindings.


 Such details were enough for Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to learn of Fang Yuan’s sinister and vicious mind!


 She had a clear judgment of Western Desert’s situation.


 “Fang clan must be suppressed, they cannot be allowed to rise in power. If need be, they must be eradicated.”


 “Otherwise, once other super forces start to imitate them, it will greatly increase Fang Yuan’s influence over the five regions!”


 Fang Yuan relied on Immortal Gu transactions and other supporting methods to easily stir the situation of the five regions’ Gu Immortal world.


 As the saying went, ‘humans die for wealth and birds die for food’.


 If this situation was allowed to develop to become a common sentiment, then Fang Yuan’s influence would cover the five regions in the future. Even if not all the five regions were affected, it would at least influence three regions.


 At that time, with just a thought, Fang Yuan could control the Gu Immortal world of Southern Border, Western Desert, and Eastern Sea to besiege Central Continent!


 Naturally, no matter how many Gu Immortals the three regions had, they could not hold a candle to Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.


 A venerable was invincible, especially a venerable who was starting to exhibit the might of a Dao Lord.


 But venerables could threaten each other.


 If Fang Yuan’s influence made the three regions’ Gu Immortals into cannon fodder, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would have no choice but to make a move to protect Central Continent.


 As such, there would be a change in the contest of three venerables.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would be hindered by those cannon fodder, while Fang Yuan could take the chance to surpass her.


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal since the ancient times. Fang Yuan’s scheme had just started, and she already saw through it from some small details!


 “Currently, in the contest of three venerables, everyone is giving their all to refine natural dao marks. Fang Yuan is lagging behind, so he is using this trick to shorten the gap.”


 “Hmph, will it go like you wish?”


 Star Constellation Immortal Venerable made a decision immediately: “Zhou Xiong Xin, Wan Zi Hong, go on an expedition to Western Desert!”


 Western Desert.


 Sun clan headquarters.


 Sun clan’s first supreme elder was discussing with Wan Hao Guang and Wan Xiao.


 “Fang clan attacked my Wan clan abruptly, they are seizing my Wan clan’s resource points in a frenzy, they have already gone mad. This act is completely of the demonic path, everyone in Fang clan has entered the demonic path, Fang clan is the biggest demon’s nest in Western Desert! Your clan is one of the core forces of Western Desert’s righteous path, can you stand by and watch this situation?” Wan Hao Guang said righteously.


 Sun clan’s first supreme elder nodded and said: “You are right, my Sun clan will definitely use all our strength to maintain righteousness. But currently, Sun clan is in a bit of trouble...”


 Sun clan’s first supreme elder explained Sun clan’s difficulty, he assured them at the end that if Wan clan was able to gather other super forces, Sun clan would definitely join and do their best for Western Desert.


 “This old fox!” After leaving Sun clan’s headquarters, Wan Hao Guang said furiously.


 Wan Xiao smiled bitterly: “Sun clan is the most timid among Western Desert’s super forces. It is not strange for Sun clan’s first supreme elder to say that. It is already his greatest sincerity to be here expressing his stance. Which clan should we go to next?”


 Just as he was speaking, two figures flew over from the horizons, their rank eight aura clear and unconcealed.


 “Who is it?”


 “Ah, they are Heavenly Court Gu Immortals!”


 Wan Xiao and Wan Hao Guang were on guard.


 They were not afraid, after all, they had Myriad Age Building.


 The two Heavenly Court immortals were Zhou Xiong Xin and Wan Zi Hong.


 “Please hold on a moment, friends from Wan clan. We are here to help you.” Zhou Xiong Xin greeted from afar.


 Wan Xiao and Wan Hao Guang looked at each other, seeing the joy in the depths of their eyes.


 Immediately, the two stopped on the spot, hiding their joy while being on full alert.


 The two Heavenly Court immortals stopped one thousand steps away, expressing they bore no ill intentions.


 Wan Zi Hong did not speak, letting Zhou Xiong Xin explain their purpose in coming: “Fang clan joined the so-called Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, and received support from Heaven Refining Demon Venerable. They want to overthrow Western Desert’s righteous path, and turn the whole of Western Desert into a demonic den. Although Heavenly Court is the leader of Central Continent, we cannot bear to watch this happen, so the two of us were sent to help and eliminate this demonic trend, in order to restore light to the world.”


 Wan Hao Guang asked: “How will Heavenly Court help? Will Star Constellation Immortal Venerable make a move if necessary?”


 These two questions were crucial.


 Heavenly Court’s help was not a completely good thing for Wan clan, if it was not handled properly, it would be adding onto Wan clan’s troubles and they would be beyond redemption.


 The reason?


 Heavenly Court was Central Continent’s force, and this was Western Desert.


 Although five regional walls had disappeared, how could the five regional walls that had existed from the beginning of the world disappear so easily from the Gu Immortals’ hearts?


 If Heavenly Court were to personally interfere in Wan clan’s fight, Wan clan would be publicly recognized as Heavenly Court’s subordinate force, Central Continent’s bridgehead in Western Desert.


 Under such a situation, Western Desert super forces would be vigilant and stay their hand. Wan clan would lose the reason for assembling the Western Desert super forces, and everyone would be on guard against them.


 What was an internal battle between Western Desert forces, would become the battle of Fang Yuan and Fang clan against Heavenly Court and Wan clan.


 Zhou Xiong Xin smiled: “You can rest assured, we will not personally take part in this campaign against Fang clan.”


 Wan Hao Guang and Wan Xiao let out sighs of relief.


 Heavenly Court Gu Immortals could not interfere directly.


 Zhou Xiong Xin continued: “Wan clan’s and Fang clan’s fight is Western Desert’s internal matter. The reason Heavenly Court is willing to help Wan clan is to deal with Heaven Refining Demon Venerable Fang Yuan. If Fang Yuan makes a move or sends his subordinates to participate in the battle, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable will not stand by and do nothing, our Heavenly Court’s immortals will also make a move to defend righteousness and ensure peace in the world!”


 Wan Hao Guang and Wan Xiao could not restrain their joy.


 Since the start, what they were most wary of was the relationship between Fang clan and Fang Yuan. If Fang Yuan made a move, which Western Desert super force could block him?


 No one!


 Heavenly Court’s guarantee immediately removed Wan clan’s greatest apprehension.


 When Wan clan rallied Western Desert forces later on, and these forces learned of this situation, they would definitely help Wan clan.


 Wan Xiao questioned: “Fang clan joined the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, and used resource points to exchange for a large number of Immortal Gu, even constructing a new Immortal Gu House. They are crazily relocating our resource points now, their intention is clear as day. So, can Heavenly Court sell us some Immortal Gu?”


 Wan Hao Guang also looked at the two Heavenly Court immortals with bright eyes.


 Zhou Xiong Xin sneered inwardly: “Wishful thinking! Immortal Gu are unique, there are barely enough Immortal Gu for us to use, how can we sell them?”


 On the surface, however, he showed a smile: “We cannot sell Immortal Gu, but we can lend them. On the other hand, we can consider transacting immortal killer moves and Immortal Gu recipes.”


 Zhou Xiong Xin then gave a quote which immediately caused Wan Xiao’s and Wan Hao Guang’s expressions to become unsightly.


 Heavenly Court’s price was high, Wan clan’s wallet would bleed if they wanted to reach that price.


 “Heavenly Court’s righteousness comes at a price.” Zhou Xiong Xin suddenly said with a low voice, “In fact, Heavenly Court will give financial support that will certainly satisfy your clan.”


 “Oh? We would like to hear the details.”


 Eastern Sea.


 Fang Yuan was communicating with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu.


 “Bai Zu, you clearly cultivate enslavement path, why are you asking me to refine blood path Gu?” Fang Yuan deliberately asked.


 Far away in Northern Plains, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was smiling bitterly.


 He mumbled internally: “You think I want to do this?”


 But he had no choice.


 For the blood path Immortal Gu transaction, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable personally summoned Heavenly Lord Bai Zu to make him a middle man for the transaction.


 How could Heavenly Lord Bai Zu refuse?


 He was only a meager rank eight Gu Immortal, and his clan was established in Northern Plains. He had no choice but to agree to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s command.


 As the saying went, people had to be humble when they were in an inferior position.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu naturally resented Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, at the same time, he also resented Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s speech as Great Love shook the whole world. He publicized his connection with the five regions’ Gu Immortals and forces, among them, the transaction with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was completely made up.


 Back then, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had been so frightened that he even burnt his skewer!


 Fang Yuan wanted to use this to incite and probe Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s response. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s ideal was hereditary monarchy, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was not his bloodline descendant, Bai Zu tribe was also being ostracized and suppressed by Huang Jin tribes.


 This was Fang Yuan’s incitement plan, maybe it could make Huang Jin tribes ally and exterminate Bai Zu tribe?


 Naturally, the possibility was small, the world did not lack smart people.


 But Fang Yuan’s plan was extremely low cost, it took just a few words.


 And how would he know if he did not try?


 So, a grand rank eight Gu Immortal Heavenly Lord Bai Zu had to live in fear and anxiety, afraid of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable picking on him.


 In the end, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable really did pick on him, giving him a mission.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s attitude was clear: Aren’t you, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, close with Fang Yuan? Then, be my middleman and transact blood path Immortal Gu. Use your actions and results to prove your sincerity to me, Longevity Heaven, and the entire righteous path of Northern Plains!


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu felt wronged!


 When did he have a close relationship with Fang Yuan?


 It was clearly Chu Du who was linked to Fang Yuan. What did it have to do with him, Heavenly Lord Bai Zu? He had even fought Fang Yuan before.


 He wanted to prove his innocence, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable simply did not talk about this, and only wanted him to receive the task.


 In fact, from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s point of view, there were very few people who could take on this task. Longevity Heaven and the Huang Jin tribes’ Gu Immortals were out of the question because they represented Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu and Chu Du were different, however.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, you are Great Love Immortal Venerable, why do you need to make fun of a minor character like me.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu put himself in a low position, “How can a wise hero like you not know of my situation?”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “What blood path Immortal Gu do you want?”



***
Chapter 2252 - Rank Nine Advance Refinement Gu!


***





 Chapter 2252: Rank Nine Advance Refinement Gu! 

 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had instructed Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: If possible, try your best to obtain all of Fang Yuan’s blood path Immortal Gu!


 But Heavenly Lord Bai Zu naturally could not say that right now, so he mentioned ten Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan sneered when he received the message.


 Among these Immortal Gu, there were Bloodline, Blood Asset, Blood Skull, and Blood Qi.


 Fang Yuan possessed bloodline Gu.


 This Immortal Gu had been Wu clan’s property. Back when Fang Yuan disguised as Wu Yi Hai, Wu clan had even used this bloodline Gu to test Fang Yuan.


 Later, Fang Yuan scammed them and became its owner.


 It was not difficult for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to know of this information.


 Fang Yuan also had blood asset Immortal Gu.


 This was a unique Gu created by Lang Ya land spirit by combining some blood path Gu recipes he bought in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan smoothly obtained it from Lang Ya Sect.


 Currently, blood asset Immortal Gu was already raised from rank six to rank eight. It was one of the core Immortal Gu of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, as one of the four elements, it was extremely important.


 Blood skull Immortal Gu was also with Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan originally possessed rank four blood skull mortal Gu, and he had once used it to raise his aptitude.


 But the price of using blood skull mortal Gu was very high, the Gu Master had to kill enough blood-related kin to raise their aptitude.


 In Qing Mao Mountain, Fang Yuan slaughtered almost the whole of Gu Yue village to raise his aptitude.


 At Gu Immortal level, the price of using blood skull Gu to raise aptitude rose explosively. To Gu Immortals who acted alone, blood skull Gu was of little use.


 But to a force, blood skull Gu was extremely significant.


 Fang Yuan could not obtain benefits from blood skull Gu, but others could.


 The memories from the five hundred years of his previous life told him that blood skull Immortal Gu’s true inheritance was destroyed because of the changes in the world.


 So, before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, when he helped many Gu Immortals undergo immortal ascension, he used the natural inspiration to ask for a rather intact blood skull Immortal Gu recipe.


 Together with his deductions, he created a blood skull Immortal Gu recipe.


 Fang Yuan easily refined blood skull Immortal Gu with this Immortal Gu recipe.


 Like he expected, blood skull Immortal Gu’s effect was still to raise aptitude. Because it was an Immortal Gu, it was effective on Gu Immortals. The flaw was still the same requirement of killing blood-related kin. The higher the cultivation level of the Gu Immortal, the larger the number of people they needed to kill, they even had to kill Gu Immortal relatives!


 As for blood qi Immortal Gu, it was also in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Demon Immortal Qi Jue obtained blood qi Immortal Gu true inheritance, and had transacted the Immortal Gu recipe with Fang Yuan.


 After Demon Immortal Qi Jue died, Fang Yuan refined it.


 Currently, it was only at rank six.


 Besides this, Fang Yuan also had other blood path Immortal Gu. For instance, blood trace Gu and blood oath Gu.


 These two blood path Immortal Gu were created by Eastern Sea’s blood path demonic immortals Ding Yan and Ding Qi. One was used for investigation, and the other could achieve the effect of information path.


 Fang Yuan did not obtain these two Immortal Gu recipes from Ding Yan and Ding Qi, but he knew these two Immortal Gu were destroyed.


 Using natural inspiration, he asked for complete Immortal Gu recipes, and adding on his own deductions, he refined them.


 “I will be honest with you, Bai Zu. I have many blood path Immortal Gu.” Fang Yuan said.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu immediately praised: “Lord Fang Yuan is well-prepared and farsighted. As a refinement path venerable, you are the number one expert in refinement path in history. I am in deep admiration.”


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “If you want to trade Immortal Gu, then exchange for it with the Primordial Domain extraction method.”


 Before Heavenly Lord Bai Zu looked for Fang Yuan, he was instructed by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable told him about the Primordial Domain extraction method.


 In Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s mind, Fang Yuan desired a method to retrieve the Primordial Domain. This was quite clear, just look at treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan’s portion of the Primordial Domain was still stored there.


 Fang Yuan had not taken it out even now, it could be judged that he had no way to extract it.


 So, this method was the greatest bargaining chip to purchase the blood path Immortal Gu and could be made use of!


 “As expected, Fang Yuan immediately mentioned the method to take out Primordial Domain, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable guessed correctly!” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was excited inwardly, his trepidation also disappeared for the most part.


 He intentionally remained silent for a while before responding: “The Primordial Domain extraction method?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu pretended to be in a difficult position.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly: “Don’t try any tricks, since you have been sent by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, didn’t he instruct you?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s mind shook as he quickly corrected his attitude: “Lord Fang Yuan is wise and mighty, please forgive my impudence.”


 Fang Yuan gave a light nod: “Then use the Primordial Domain extraction method to purchase one blood path Immortal Gu.”


 “Wh... what?” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu was shaken, Fang Yuan was so absurd and greedy that he did not even dare to believe those words.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, I think the Primordial Domain extraction method is extremely valuable and can definitely be exchanged for ten blood path Immortal Gu.” Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said quickly.


 Fang Yuan sneered: “Hehe, you are actually so absurd and greedy, do you have no shame!”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: “...”


 Fang Yuan simply did not require any Primordial Domain extraction method, he was just teasing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu while refining advance refinement Gu.


 Inside sovereign immortal aperture, tens of long rivers were flying in the sky.


 Every river was filled with all kinds of immortal materials.


 The river streams converged sometimes, and separated at other times.


 To refine rank nine advance refinement Gu, Fang Yuan was mainly using the water refinement technique.


 Rank eight water refinement Immortal Gu—one of the core Immortal Gu of Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool—had been activated since the start of the refinement.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu came to his senses and started to raise the price: “Lord Fang Yuan, you are clear of my sincerity. You also know that the Primordial Domain extraction method is extremely rare. This Primordial Domain extraction method is valuable to you, and it is what you need the most currently. Just ten blood path Immortal Gu are not of any significance to you. You are a refinement path venerable, isn’t it a simple matter to refine any Immortal Gu for you?”


 Fang Yuan scoffed, his attitude turning cold quickly: “Back then, I transacted Primordial Domain with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, shouldn’t he have handed the Primordial Domain extraction method as well? Now, I can’t even take it out, I have yet to settle the accounts with him, but he is actually shameless enough to sell this thing? Could it be that I, a grand refinement path venerable, cannot deduce a rank nine refinement path killer move to handle the Primordial Domain as an immortal material and extract it?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu quickly said: “Lord Fang Yuan, please quell your anger.”


 “Shut up.” Fang Yuan continued, “Go tell Giant Sun this, I rushed to refine blood path Immortal Gu to intentionally make things difficult for him. He wants to dual cultivate blood path? Hehe, I will continue to refine even more blood path Immortal Gu ahead of him! Unless he hands over the Primordial Domain extraction method to me and shows me his sincerity.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu did not dare to talk anymore. He heaved a sigh and contacted Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable learned of the event, he immediately scolded: “That kid Fang Yuan is really arrogant, actually daring to threaten me. Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, you are also trash, showing such a cowering attitude! Don’t you know that you are negotiating with Fang Yuan as my representative?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu could only say: “Lord Giant Sun, it is my mistake! I am not of Huang Jin bloodline and my ability is meager...”


 “Alright.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable interrupted him, “It is because you are not of Huang Jin bloodline and have meager ability that I am giving these opportunities to you to temper yourself and increase your ability.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: “...”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable continued: “Continue to negotiate with Fang Yuan, the Primordial Domain extraction method... I won’t hand it over for free. Tell Fang Yuan that in the contest of three venerables, his progress is the slowest and he has the least immortal essence. Tell him to assess the situation, cooperating with me will give him great benefits and fill up the gap. A wise person should be aware of their situation.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu asked: “If so, Lord Giant Sun, how many blood path Immortal Gu should I exchange the Primordial Domain extraction method for?”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was silent for a bit.


 Hearing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s words, Fang Yuan’s plan was to use his refinement path venerable foundation to deduce a rank nine killer move to extract Primordial Domain.


 Although this method was time consuming, it was a feasible method indeed.


 Thereupon, the Primordial Domain extraction method could not be priced too high.


 But regarding the price, in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s opinion, the higher the better.


 In the end, he chided Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: “It will depend on your effort to see how many blood path Immortal Gu you can exchange for, and that will show your sincerity to Longevity Heaven. Go, I am watching your performance.”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu felt stifled under the enormous pressure. He contacted Fang Yuan once again.


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture, some issues emerged in the handling of refinement path immortal materials.


 Fang Yuan was carefully separating the rivers, while removing several of them.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu said with a smile: “Lord Fang Yuan, there is really no way to offer the Primordial Domain extraction method as a gift. But since you feel ten blood path Immortal Gu is too much, how about... eight?”


 Fang Yuan did not have the mood to talk with Heavenly Lord Bai Zu, he chided immediately: “Junior Bai Zu, how can I, a grand venerable, haggle with you? You think I am a mortal merchant?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu cursed inwardly, while immediately saying: “I won’t dare to!”


 Fang Yuan continued: “Let’s put aside the matter of the Primordial Domain extraction method. Since you want to purchase blood path Immortal Gu, offer more of the Primordial Domain.”


 “This...”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu wanted to say something but was interrupted by Fang Yuan: “What are you standing dazedly for? Can you decide it? Why aren’t you returning to ask for instructions?”


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu’s anger was soaring. He, a mighty rank eight Gu Immortal, had been turned into a messenger.


 And the communicating parties happened to be venerables, he could not afford to offend them!


 He could only swallow this grievance and look for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable again.


 “This is indeed Fang Yuan, a guy with infinite greed.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed.


 He had a lot of the Primordial Domain. The Primordial Domain had little value to him, after all, he did not have the sovereign immortal body.


 Currently, it was already Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s limit to cultivate luck path and blood path.


 But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could use the Primordial Domain to cultivate his subordinates.


 “It is not impossible to transact them with Fang Yuan...” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable pondered for a while before informing Heavenly Lord Bai Zu of this decision.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu contacted Fang Yuan once again.


 “Lord Fang Yuan, lord?”


 He tried to contact many times, but Fang Yuan simply ignored him.


 Heavenly Lord Bai Zu: “...”


 At this moment, inside the sovereign immortal aperture, tens of rivers had merged, raising countless ripples.


 A completely new advance refinement Gu rose from the vast river.


 Advance Refinement had reached rank nine!



***
Chapter 2253 - Internal Worry, External Threat


***





 Chapter 2253: Internal Worry, External Threat 

 “Rank nine advance refinement Gu...” Fang Yuan inspected carefully and found that the appearance was not much different from its previous rank eight version.


 However, it had already undergone a qualitative change!


 This was Fang Yuan’s second rank nine Immortal Gu, it would provide a huge help to Fang Yuan.


 Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool would also rise to become a rank nine Immortal Gu House because of this.


 A rank nine Immortal Gu House!


 Such Immortal Gu Houses were few even in the whole history of humanity.


 Heavenly Court’s Heaven Overseeing Tower was the most famous Gu House. Unfortunately, with the destruction of rank nine fate Gu, it could not be constructed again.


 “Once I finish with the modifications, rank nine advance refinement Gu can be placed in Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool once again, thereby allowing this Immortal Gu House to also experience a qualitative change. If there was a ranking list for Immortal Gu Houses, it would be at first place for sure.”


 Fang Yuan evaluated in his mind.


 If it was before, Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool might be at the same ranking as Divine Emperor City, but as long as it became a true rank nine, it would suppress Divine Emperor City stably.


 After all, Divine Emperor City did not have a rank nine Immortal Gu.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan needed to modify the previous Four Elements Square Regret Blood Refinement Pool, to make it suitable for rank nine advance refinement Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was a refinement path venerable, a supreme grandmaster in refinement path, it was not hard for him to modify this.


 Fang Yuan placed advance refinement Immortal Gu aside and inspected himself.


 Just like he expected, because of the second rank nine Immortal Gu, the fishing net-like heaven path dao marks left on him by the killer move obscured heavenly secret were being expended at almost double the speed of before!


 This showed that rank nine advance refinement Gu would provide an enormous help to Fang Yuan.


 It had a huge significance as it could influence many subsequent matters.


 It would be much easier for Fang Yuan to raise the rank of other rank eight Immortal Gu from now on.


 “Fortunately, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable have expended a lot of immortal essence, they also need to use their remaining immortal essence to refine natural dao marks. They will not inspect frequently like before, this will greatly reduce the pressure on obscured heavenly secret.”


 Fang Yuan was aware that obscured heavenly secret was already reaching its limits at this stage.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to refine a third rank nine Immortal Gu, obscured heavenly secret might help him conceal it during the early stage, but it would not be able to keep on concealing it at the mid-late stage. The effect of the killer move would dissipate completely.


 “So, should I refine or not? If I am to refine the third rank nine Immortal Gu, which should I refine?”


 Fang Yuan calmed down and analyzed the situation.


 He was now facing problems both internally and externally!


 The internal problem was the instability of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Because of non-conflicting dao marks, abnormal situations kept on occurring, causing the whole immortal aperture’s ecology to be unstable.


 Because of the severe loss of subordinates in the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, there were few Gu Immortals in the sovereign immortal aperture, and they were barely able to stabilize the situation.


 Secondly were calamities and tribulations.


 Even venerables needed to undergo tribulation.


 Among the three venerables, it was extremely difficult for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable to change the time flow of their immortal aperture using time path methods because of conflicting dao marks.


 Fang Yuan, however, sped his time flow twice when raising the rank of Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 For this, his time path clone, He Chun Qiu’s time path foundation was almost entirely used up.


 For some time, Fang Yuan would not be able to change the sovereign immortal aperture’s rate of time. If he did it again, it would lead to a series of changes, abnormal situations would erupt frequently and form into a terrifying tribulation that would cover the whole of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 This was because a time path killer move that could transform the whole sovereign immortal aperture had to be of an extremely high rank. To be effective, many time path dao marks had to be engraved or modified.


 The sudden change in these time path dao marks would create a chain reaction in the sovereign immortal aperture, leading to unpredictable changes and ultimately causing severe losses.


 If a loss occurred, it would have an enormous impact on him.


 Previously, Fang Yuan used Landscape as Before along with the year essence pools as recovery methods, but they could not be used now.


 Because the water of the River of Time in the year essence pools had poured in just recently. The essence of this method were still the time path dao marks.


 The abnormal situations that erupted because of the disorderly time path dao marks would make the usage of any time path dao marks aggravate the situation.


 “To reduce the danger of this, I need to construct a time path dao vein at least!”


 The third internal problem was the sovereign immortal body’s food.


 Fang Yuan’s sovereign immortal body was created from sovereign immortal fetus Gu, it needed to feed on similarly ranked immortal apertures every set interval of time.


 Fang Yuan’s cultivation was rank nine now, so he needed to devour rank nine immortal apertures!


 Looking at it from this point, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable were Fang Yuan’s food.


 But the difficulty in this was enormous.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan was prepared.


 He schemed against the revived Paradise Earth in Crazed Demon Cave. Before Paradise Earth died, he was only a slight distance away from rank nine, his corpse still had a rank eight immortal aperture.


 This rank eight immortal aperture was at quasi-rank nine level. Moreover, because Paradise Earth cultivated heaven path, this immortal aperture displayed a unique style, it could actually form into an independent entity that was extremely stable.


 Normally speaking, when a Gu Immortal died, their immortal aperture would be unstable and fall on the world, opening their immortal aperture entrance to absorb a large amount of heaven and earth qi, to form either a blessed land or a grotto-heaven.


 But Paradise Earth’s quasi-rank nine heaven path immortal aperture was special, it was stable.


 “If it becomes hopeless in the future, I will split my soul to use Paradise Earth’s body to create a heaven path clone. Then, let this clone undergo tribulation to become a heaven path venerable, then devour its rank nine immortal aperture!”


 Paradise Earth’s corpse was Fang Yuan’s future food.


 Naturally, doing this was quite wasteful.


 If possible, Fang Yuan would prefer having a heaven path venerable clone to assist him!


 The three main internal problems were: sovereign immortal aperture, calamities and tribulations, and food. Besides these, Fang Yuan also had external problems.


 The external problems were the venerables.


 Fang Yuan had quietly refined two rank nine Immortal Gu, this was his greatest advantage now. But other venerables also had their advantages.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had refined the most dao marks among the three venerables!


 In his territory, he could fight against two others and even gain an upper hand.


 The amplification from the outside world’s dao marks was too huge.


 And although Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was below Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in this aspect, the scale of her refined wisdom path dao marks clearly surpassed Fang Yuan’s.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan could guess Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was modifying her killer moves.


 Fang Yuan had almost no foundation in this aspect.


 He had two newly refined rank nine Immortal Gu, but he had no complementary killer moves to use with them.


 Fang Yuan’s own skill in deducing killer moves was far below Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s.


 Were the three venerables to fight now, Fang Yuan’s two rank nine Immortal Gu could not provide direct help.


 There was another point of the two venerables that Fang Yuan envied.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had Longevity Heaven, while Star Constellation Immortal Venerable had Heavenly Court.


 The two venerables had their own headquarters, as long as they hid inside, they would receive a huge amplification and show the might of a Dao Lord!


 Even if the other two venerables allied sincerely, they would be without options.


 This gave them each an impenetrable fortress!


 Even if the situation were to crumble apart, as long as they had their headquarters, they would have a foothold and hope to counterattack.


 Fang Yuan, however, did not have it.


 The sovereign immortal aperture was unstable, how could he dare to use it as a battlefield?


 He really could not compare to the other two venerables in this aspect. After all, the two venerables had the accumulation of their past lives, while Fang Yuan was not even a rank eight Gu Immortal in the five hundred years of his previous life.


 The main reason was because in Fang Yuan’s previous five hundred years, fate Gu still existed. Heaven’s will made arrangements for him, and venerables had their own arrangements, Fang Yuan had no ability to go against them.


 So, once Fang Yuan lost, he would not have a place to take shelter.


 Fang Yuan thought for a long while, but could not come to a decision.


 There was a tough decision in front of him.


 He could choose to refine or not, both would have a great impact on his following actions.


 For instance, if he refined a rank nine Immortal Gu that could be used directly in a fight, Fang Yuan might make a move to suppress the other venerables, consume their immortal essence and enlarge his immortal essence advantage.


 If he did not refine it, obscured heavenly secret could still hold on for some time. Using this chance, Fang Yuan could secretly accumulate even more advantages.


 It depended on Fang Yuan’s choice.


 “I don’t have enough information...”


 Fang Yuan heaved a deep sigh.


 Unlike the concluded battle in Crazed Demon Cave, venerables had the time to develop now. Their trump cards and methods had already changed.


 With the situation being unclear, it was not easy to make a decision!


 Another advantage of choosing a direct confrontation was that information could be forcefully obtained.


 But Fang Yuan felt the plan of suppressing two venerables at the same time was somewhat unreliable. They had their own territories, and if the two venerables were forced to join hands, could Fang Yuan handle it?


 As the contest of three venerables prolonged, the importance of information became even more prominent.


 Fang Yuan, however, was not specialized in this aspect.


 Information path was most specialized in gathering information, and Fang Yuan never had a notable accomplishment in information path.


 This did not mean he did not have any progress in information path.


 Although Li Xiao Bai had been entrusted with the hope of information path back then, he was just an idle chess piece now. Fang Yuan’s current foundation was still effective in gathering information on ordinary Gu Immortals or super forces.


 But his attainment in information path had never caught up with his development.


 Now that he was dealing with two venerables, this aspect appeared quite weak.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable inspected him, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable deduced him, but Fang Yuan had no way to make any counterattacks.


 Just as Fang Yuan was pondering deeply, the situation in Western Desert was changing rapidly.


 Wan Xiao, Wan Zi Hong, Sun Wang, as well as Wan Zi Hong, Zhou Xiong Xin and the rest arrived in Xiao clan’s headquarters blessed land.


 “I already know of your purpose in coming. Fang clan has gone mad and fallen into the demonic path, they are the shame of Western Desert’s righteous path. My Xiao clan is willing to help Wan clan to recover your lost territory!” Xiao Ye Hu expressed the stance of Xiao clan clearly.


 Wan clan’s group formed an alliance with Xiao clan smoothly.


 After a round of discussion, Wan clan was willing to cede resource points like visualization oasis, perfume flying island, and black-yellow earth pool. Xiao clan would dispatch Xiao Ye Hu and several other Xiao clan experts.


 At the same time, Heavenly Court supported them with immortal essence stones. Moreover, Heavenly Court guaranteed that if Heaven Refining Demon Venerable made a move, Star Constellation Immortal Venerable would definitely appear to obstruct him and protect Western Desert’s righteous path forces.


 With Zhou Xiong Xin’s and Wan Zi Hong’s active participation, a righteous path alliance against Fang clan was forming rapidly!



***
Chapter 2254 - I Want To Sleep


***





 Chapter 2254: I Want To Sleep 

 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Mini Western Desert.


 Mermaid immortal Yu Zi’s expression was pale, she panted while looking at the flying sand tunnel in front of her.


 “It is finally set up.” Yu Zi mumbled.


 Rockman Gu Immortal Shi San Bai thanked her: “Yu Zi, you specialize in water path, setting up this kind of earth path resource point is truly hard on you. I could not have accomplished this by myself.”


 Rockmen were most specialized in earth path.


 This was their racial talent.


 Originally, Shi San Bai and Shi Gua Bi had agreed to finish the mission of setting up the earth path resource points.


 But not long ago, Fang Yuan suddenly sent a command and dispatched several rockman Gu Immortals out of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Shi San Bai had no other options but to wait for others to team up with him.


 In the end, he teamed up with Yu Zi.


 Although Yu Zi specialized in water path, she was a rank seven Gu Immortal after all.


 With Shi San Bai as the leader and Yu Zi as the support, the two cooperated and spent close to ten days to set up this resource point, finishing the mission.


 Seeing Shi San Bai expressing his gratitude, Yu Zi gave a humble reply with a polite attitude.


 She had her own plans, in fact.


 “Resource points like flying sand tunnel can be used as earth vein nodes.”


 “Lord Fang Yuan’s clone will personally come to set up an immortal formation in this resource point to change it into one of the earth vein nodes.”


 “This is the chance for me to meet Lord Fang Yuan!”


 When Yu Zi saw Fang Yuan’s main body, her determination had been shaken. But she had gotten over it during this period of time.


 She did not have any extravagant hope of building a relationship with Fang Yuan’s main body, so her attention was placed on Fang Yuan’s clones.


 As long as she could connect to Fang Yuan, becoming one of his fiancées, the merman race’s status would immediately be stable and unshakable.


 Moreover, with this relationship, the merman race would obtain powerful protection for their development.


 It was because she had this plot, Yu Zi took on this mission and came to cooperate with Shi San Bai.


 A figure suddenly appeared in the horizon.


 “Lord Wu Shuai is here!” Shi San Bai showed a respectful expression.


 “He is here, Wu Shuai is Fang Yuan’s dragonman clone.” Yu Zi’s heartbeat accelerated as she encouraged herself inwardly.


 It was up to her to fight for the merman race’s future.


 Yu Zi quickly checked her appearance, this time, she was wearing a rare and precious pearl necklace that constantly let out the light scent of sea wind. Her elaborate robe showed off her alluring figure, and the bright fish scales gave off a feeling of being unblemished.


 Yu Zi nodded in satisfaction inwardly and encouraged herself. She looked around and had a light smile on her face as she tried her best to show a captivating expression.


 Shi San Bai was dumbstruck, immediately understanding the mermaid immortal’s plan.


 When Wu Shuai arrived above flying sand tunnel, Yu Zi said softly: “Greetings to Lord Wu Shuai!”


 This voice made Shi San Bai feel a chill. He also quickly paid his greetings.


 Wu Shuai glanced at them and nodded lightly before activating an investigative killer move to carefully inspect the flying sand tunnel.


 After three rounds of inspection, Wu Shuai said contentedly: “Not bad, you have done a good job in setting up this flying sand tunnel.”


 After saying so, Wu Shuai started controlling Immortal Gu, mortal Gu, and many immortal materials as he began to set up an immortal formation.


 Yu Zi carefully sized Wu Shuai up. He was muscular and handsome, he had a tall nose bridge and firm lips. He looked like a peerless hero.


 His pupils were the color of amber, he had a pair of golden spiral horns, especially his pure-gold dragon scales that shone dazzlingly, they suited the merfolk sense of aesthetic beauty.


 “Lord Fang Yuan really has peerless beauty!” Yu Zi admired inwardly.


 The beauty of Fang Yuan’s main body was a kind of a shock to her, she had a feeling that she could only worship and look up to it, making her feel inferior. While Wu Shuai’s heroic appearance moved her heart.


 After several hours, Wu Shuai finished setting up the immortal formation.


 “Lord Wu Shuai really has amazing methods, you can set up the immortal formation with such little effort.” Yu Zi immediately praised.


 Wu Shuai smiled: “I can’t draw a conclusion yet, I need to see the actual effect. Move back and take care of your safety.”


 The first activation of a newly constructed formation was rather dangerous. If the killer move were to fail, it would lead to a backlash. The immortal formation would break apart, and not only would it inflict a backlash on the Gu Immortal, it would also cause a violent change in the surroundings.


 After all the formation was closely connected to its surroundings.


 Especially a large formation over a resource point like this, once it broke apart, the violent change due to the massively concentrated dao marks in the resource point would cause even higher damage. It was even more so in an environment like that of the sovereign immortal aperture.


 This was derived from experience.


 There were already several failures in the arrangement of immortal formations, which caused dao marks to turn chaotic and the surroundings to change intensely. The loss of the resource points was a small matter, they even resulted in terrifying abnormal situations!


 Wu Shuai activated the formation carefully.


 He cultivated enslavement path after all. The reason he could set up the formation was because he shared attainment levels with the main body.


 So, if there was a mistake in the formation, it would be hard for Wu Shuai to deal with it with his methods as he was not a formation path Gu Immortal.


 The immortal formation began to activate. Nothing unexpected happened for the moment.


 Wu Shuai’s eyes were bright as torches without any signs of relaxing.


 After a few breaths of time, Yu Zi finally could not endure it, she bravely approached Wu Shuai and said with a revering expression: “Lord Wu Shuai, this immortal formation seems to have no issue.”


 Wu Shuai did not look at her, he sniffed the air and frowned slightly: “What is this smell?”


 Yu Zi was joyous and was just about to say shyly that this was the fragrance of her pearls.


 But right at this moment, there was an explosion!


 A large amount of stench qi gushed out of the flying sand tunnel.


 Around ten li of the surroundings immediately became filled with a foul smell. Yu Zi’s expression was pale, she nearly vomited.


 The fragrance of her pearls was completely drowned, moreover, the pure-white pearl necklace was dyed black.


 Wu Shuai laughed loudly: “You don’t need to worry, this is earth stench qi. The method of relocating this flying sand tunnel was not good enough, so these accumulated stench qi collected inside the tunnel. But it is alright now, this formation has discharged them, there are no hidden threats left.”


 “Congratulations, Lord Wu Shuai!” Shi San Bai quickly cheered.


 Yu Zi also praised while enduring the stench: “This is all due to Lord Wu Shuai’s extraordinary methods.”


 She approached him courageously once again, trying her hardest to attract Wu Shuai’s gaze.


 But right at this time, sandy rocks shot out of the flying sand tunnel.


 These sandy rocks were filled with moisture, thus the stench they emitted was even worse than the earth stench qi.


 Lumps of sandy rocks flew to the air before falling down to the surrounding area with splattering sounds.


 Just like...


 Just like taking a dump.


 Yu Zi looked at the sandy rocks that filled the sky, she felt despair.


 In this situation, no matter how beautiful she was, Wu Shuai would not be moved.


 After the sandy rocks fell for a while, it became normal again.


 A large amount of fine, dry sand grains shot out of the flying sand tunnel. The sand grains flew up to one hundred or so feet high before sprinkling down on the ground like a drizzle.


 This was flying sand, it had a soft texture, it was an immortal material.


 Although it was only a rank six immortal material, the grains were in high quantities.


 Under the effect of the formation, the flying sand tunnel had become one of the earth vein nodes.


 Wu Shuai nodded contentedly and said in a joyous tone: “Now, the second ring of the earth vein is finished. Although we were also at second ring before the battle in Crazed Demon Cave, the nodes in that second ring were far fewer than the present scale.”


 “I am sure this world will keep getting better!” Yu Zi added in agreement.


 Wu Shuai glanced at her, then glanced at Shi San Bai before flying away.


 Yu Zi and Shi San Bai quickly bade him farewell.


 Only when Wu Shuai had disappeared in the horizons, did Yu Zi take back her gaze and sighed deeply, unable to hide her deep disappointment.


 Shi San Bai laughed inwardly, he knew the mermaid’s plan but did not look down on her.


 Mermen had already lived in the sovereign immortal aperture for some time now, this period of time was neither long nor short. The mermaid immortals were meticulous in their tasks, and almost all the Gu Immortals knew of them.


 In Shi San Bai’s opinion, the weak relying on the strong to survive was a wise plan.


 He did not feel any hostility, after all, rockmen were all male, they were simply not in the competition.


 So, Shi San Bai feigned ignorance: “I am going to continue setting up another earth path resource point. Fairy Yu Zi, are you willing to continue teaming up with me?”


 Shi San Bai naturally hoped to have an earth path Gu Immortal as an ally, but the manpower in the sovereign immortal aperture was truly in shortage right now.


 Yu Zi had already worked with him, they had a certain level of tacit cooperation.


 Yu Zi asked for the details, before refusing Shi San Bai politely while showing a difficult expression.


 The next earth path resource point could not be treated as an earth vein node, that meant Yu Zi could not see Fang Yuan’s clone, so she did not have any incentive to do it.


 Shi San Bai understood, suggesting: “From what I see, you should take a rest.”


 Yu Zi felt somewhat strange, a thought emerging in her mind: “The Gu Immortals in the sovereign immortal aperture actually rest?”


 Yu Zi had lived here for some time, she had already recognized what workaholics the Gu Immortals here were, they did not know what rest was.


 This was the first time she heard the word ‘rest’ from a Gu Immortal here.


 Shi San Bai laughed: “This is my own experience. The mission board will never be empty, in fact, there are endless missions, but we are short on manpower. Most of the time, we might not be proficient in the mission, but we have no choice but to force ourselves to finish them.”


 “It is like how you cultivate water path and had to use much more effort to set up the earth path resource point. You aren’t even able to display twenty percent of your strength, which will feel stifling. So, I suggest you take on some missions that allow you to display all your strength. That way, you can ease your mind.”


 Yu Zi nodded and expressed her thanks.


 But she was coughing out blood in her mind: “Sure enough, the so-called ‘rest’ was still to do missions! These Gu Immortals seem to not know what true rest is!”


 “Sleep, I have not had any sleep for over ten days. I have only slept five times since I came here, and each sleep was less than four hours! I really want to sleep, sleep until I wake up naturally!”


 “Why are so many earth path resource points pouring in recently? I am already disgusted from arranging these resource points to the point of vomiting.”


 “I really hope some water path resource points come next...”


 When she thought of this, Yu Zi almost wanted to slap herself from anger!


 “What are you thinking?”


 “You still want more resource points?”


 “I hope there are no resource points ever!”


 “I hope there are fewer missions!”


 “I hope other Gu Immortals finish them instead!”


 “Let me sleep, I just want to have a proper sleep.”



***
Chapter 2255 - Painful Sale


***





 Chapter 2255: Painful Sale 

 Western Desert, Fang clan’s blessed land headquarters.


 Fang clan’s immortals were all present, their expressions were ashen.


 The atmosphere in the discussion hall was so heavy that it was suffocating.


 “According to the information we obtained just earlier, Wan clan paid a visit to Qin clan, and Qin clan has already sent Qin Lang to take part in the battle.”


 Qin Lang was a famous expert in Western Desert Gu Immortal world, he had rank seven cultivation and cultivated space path. His signature method was vortex sweep, once the move was used, it could clear out an area of ten thousand li.


 “That means, the alliance that Wan clan gathered in the expedition against our Fang clan already includes Xiao clan, Qin clan, Sun clan, Shi clan, Gong clan, and Tang clan.”


 “Sun clan’s representative is Sun Wang, he does not have high battle strength but is extremely proficient in investigative killer moves.”


 “Gong clan sent Gong Jiao Che, you all know of his battle accomplishments.”


 “Shi clan Gu Immortal Shi Kang is a recently famous expert, his defensive aspect is very powerful.”


 “Tang clan Gu Immortal Tang Lan Ke is a time path Gu Immortal. She has all along been in charge of Tang clan’s tributary of the River of Time. Although she is not famous, since she was assigned such an important task by Tang clan, her strength is definitely out of the ordinary.”


 “The strongest support is still Xiao clan. Xiao clan sent Xiao Ye Hu!”


 “That’s right, this person had a fortuitous encounter when he was young, he obtained a Gu Immortal true inheritance and received a damaged Immortal Gu House. Xiao Ye Hu relied on this to cultivate until he became a Gu Immortal, he got Xiao clan’s help to repair the Immortal Gu House and changed his name to Xiao Ye Hu afterwards.”


 “According to rumors, his dark path Immortal Gu House Chamber Pot[1] is extremely strange and vicious! Although it is pocket-sized, it can forcefully absorb Gu Immortals. If the Gu Immortal cannot escape and gets trapped in this pot for a night, they will become a pile of piss and stool.”


 The Fang clan immortals felt a huge pressure weighing on them as they continued to discuss.


 Western Desert’s super forces had fourteen clans: Lin clan, Xiao clan, Tian clan, Fang clan, Dong clan, Wan clan, Sun clan, Mo clan, Tang clan, Qin clan, Shi clan, Gong clan, Zuo Qiu clan, and Tuoba clan.


 If the mysterious and secluded Yi clan was also counted, it would be fifteen clans.


 Fang clan was only one of them.


 There was no precise rankings of the strength of the super clans.


 Western Desert was not like Southern Border, Southern Border’s Wu clan was the number one in strength which had been tested over a long period of time and was publicly approved by Gu Immortals.


 A super force’s strength came from many aspects; for instance, Gu Immortals, resources, Immortal Gu Houses, and so on.


 And these aspects also had strengths and weaknesses too.


 In an actual situation, super forces competed, allied, or antagonized each other through many ways. Thus, it was rather difficult to rank the super forces.


 Naturally, there was a vague consensus.


 For instance, in the Western Desert Gu Immortal world, Xiao clan and Tian clan were normally thought of highly by Gu Immortals, because during the past peaceful era, these two had the largest businesses. They had many Gu Immortals and even had rank eight Gu Immortals leading them.


 Fang clan’s strength was actually quite good.


 Fang clan had rank eight Gu Immortal Fang Gong, possessed three Immortal Gu Houses, and now had added an earth path Immortal Gu House.


 If they had Divine Bean Palace, Fang clan could have immediately become the dominant force in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world.


 Unfortunately, they did not succeed.


 Now, Fang clan was facing the alliance of other super forces!


 These super clans only needed to send one or two Gu Immortals, and it would be enough to make Fang clan have a tough time.


 If just one-third of the super forces mobilized Immortal Gu Houses, it would be enough to surpass the scale of Fang clan’s Immortal Gu Houses.


 Right now, Wan clan only had to contact the remaining super forces.


 The Fang clan Gu Immortals already felt heavy weights pressing on their hearts, it felt like they were sitting on pins and needles.


 As the immortals discussed, Fang Leng said: “Everyone, please don’t forget that there is still the most terrifying enemy that we need to face — Heavenly Court! Although the information says that Heavenly Court’s Gu Immortals clearly won’t interfere in Western Desert’s internal affairs, it is because of their guarantee that we are unable to use Great Love Immortal Venerable’s authority, so these Western Desert super clans are free of their final apprehension.”


 “What worries me the most is that Heavenly Court sent two rank eight Gu Immortals. Among them, Wan Zi Hong was a famous demonic path expert in Western Desert’s history.”


 The moment Wan Zi Hong was mentioned, some Fang clan Gu Immortals understood Fang Leng’s meaning: “Could it be that this Wan Zi Hong is related to Wan clan?”


 “Wan Zi Hong is a demonic immortal, there is no evidence of her being blood-related to Wan clan. But even if there is no evidence, it can be forged. If Wan Zi Hong is believed to be a member of Wan clan, Heavenly Court will have justification to interfere in Western Desert’s internal affairs. Despite this possibility being unlikely, we have to be prepared for it.”


 Fang Leng’s words made many nod their heads.


 Fang Gong was satisfied inwardly.


 He raised Fang Leng as his successor, and he saw him mature day by day. Especially during this recent period of time, his growth was obvious.


 At this time, Fang Yun said: “From what I see, our clan must seek Great Love Immortal Venerable’s help. As long as this lord helps, no matter how many Western Desert super clans come, they are of no worry. And only Great Love Immortal Venerable can contend against Heavenly Court’s Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.”


 Fang Yun was Fang Di Chang’s successor, and unlike Fang Leng who simply expressed the issue, he directly spoke of his solution.


 During the period that Fang Di Chang was captured, Fang Yun became the leader of Fang clan’s wisdom path faction.


 He gained many experiences through this, and his influence in Fang clan had also increased by a lot.


 As for why he did not mention Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, it was because Fang clan had no connection to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 In fact, even if they could contact him, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable would be suspicious. After all, the connection between Fang clan and Fang Yuan was quite deep.


 “Great Love Immortal Venerable already sent several rockman Gu Immortals, but they are only responsible for taking the resource points. We already sent a request to him, but Great Love Immortal Venerable... doesn’t seem to want to interfere.” Fang Leng said with a frown.


 Fang clan had openly transacted some resources with Fang Yuan through treasure yellow heaven.


 The other batch of resource points were secretly transacted with Fang Yuan. They naturally could not be passed through treasure yellow heaven, the biggest flaw of treasure yellow heaven was the openness, every transaction would be revealed.


 Resource points were all counted and recorded, only by transacting them secretly could the information be concealed.


 “The chance of getting Great Love Immortal Venerable to make a move is too low, and our clan cannot afford the cost as well.” At this time, Fang Di Chang finally spoke.


 He had been maintaining silence before.


 Besides him, Fang Gong and Fang Hua Sheng also did the same.


 These three were the true leaders of Fang clan, they would not easily express their thoughts. Moreover, they were also giving Fang Leng and Fang Yun a chance to temper themselves.


 Super forces were different from solitary Gu Immortals, they usually prioritized the cultivation of later generations.


 The moment Fang Di Chang spoke, others kept quiet.


 They were quietly watching Fang Di Chang with clear trust in their gazes.


 Fang Di Chang suddenly chuckled before continuing: “No need to be worried, I have already deduced that the possibility of Star Constellation Immortal Venerable making a move is extremely unlikely.”


 “In the confrontation between venerables, they will try to avoid a direct confrontation with each other, and will not move personally as a consequence of our affairs. Don’t think too highly of yourselves. In the eyes of venerables, we are lowly like ants.”


 Fang clan immortals listened quietly, nodding their heads with strange expressions.


 This might be the first time they were feeling joy at themselves being weak and ignored.


 Fang Di Chang followed by saying: “But we still need to transact with Fang Yuan, we must rely on Fang Yuan, we must exchange for even more support from him!”


 Fang Gong heard the meaning behind the words and frowned: “Ever since we occupied Wan clan’s territories, we have already traded many of Wan clan’s resource points with Fang Yuan, and exchanged for Immortal Gu and other resources. The rockman Gu Immortals sent by Fang Yuan are still busy moving away the resource points.”


 Fang Di Chang shook his head: “But it is still not enough, we need even more Immortal Gu Houses! Once the war starts, we only have one rank eight, that is you. And the Wan clan alliance army will probably have several, even if they haven’t appeared now, once the battle turns for the worse, they will come to reinforce.”


 “So, we need Immortal Gu Houses! Only then can our rank sixes and rank sevens be of use. Only then can they preserve their lives in the battle. They can advance and retreat to a certain extent with the Immortal Gu Houses.”


 The Fang clan immortals were silent.


 Fang Di Chang heaved a sigh: “We all know that the current situation is extremely grim. Our Fang clan is facing all of Western Desert’s righteous path!”


 “We cannot directly raise our cultivation, our immortal essence stone reserves are also not sufficient, but Heavenly Court can keep on sending them immortal essence stones.”


 “We must inflict an enormous loss to this wave of the alliance army. Otherwise, even if we hold on through this danger, there will be a second and third alliance army.”


 “How many waves can our Fang clan hold off? In fact, we will use up all our strength just to block this first wave.”


 “This is a correct judgment.” Fang Hua Sheng praised.


 Fang Di Chang then mentioned transacting three big resource points, like black-yellow earth pool.


 Fang clan’s immortals were shaken.


 “Black-yellow earth pool is a super resource point.”


 “It is no small matter!”


 “It is Wan clan’s number one resource point, it contains their pride. Are we going to sell it this easily?”


 “There will be considerable long-term benefits!”


 Fang Di Chang did not speak, only looking at Fang Gong.


 Fang Gong thought for a while before saying directly: “I agree, let’s handle it this way!”


 Fang Di Chang smiled. At the crucial moment, Fang Gong did not disappoint him.


 He continued: “Other resource points can be discussed, but we must openly transact this black-yellow earth pool with Fang Yuan!”


 “Oh? Good plan!” Fang Yun immediately reacted, his eyes shining brightly.


 When they learned of Fang clan’s decision, Shi Gua Bi and the rest were shaken.


 “Fang clan has such a deep understanding of the situation!”


 “More importantly, we have no way to relocate this kind of super resource point.”


 Shi Gua Bi and the other rockman Gu Immortals felt somewhat awkward.


 They only had rank seven cultivation, and this super resource point was at rank eight level.


 “Please don’t worry, Alliance Leader Great Love already expected this.” Lu Wei Yin suddenly appeared and resolved the rockman Gu Immortals’ awkwardness.


 Lu Wei Yin had joined the Heaven and Earth Great Love Alliance, he naturally came because he received Fang Yuan’s order.


 His defense was extraordinary among pseudo venerables, he could match the two Heavenly Court immortals. Moreover, he cultivated earth path, so it was of no issue for him to relocate black-yellow earth pool.


 Such a move of killing two birds with one stone made Lu Wei Yin the most suitable person to be sent to Western Desert!


 [1] Pronounced as Ye Hu in Chinese.



***
Chapter 2256 - Yu Zi’s Hair


***





 Chapter 2256: Yu Zi’s Hair 

 Bai Ning Bing’s divine sense roamed in treasure yellow heaven.


 She looked at the distant Primordial Domain and also Fang Yuan’s will above the Primordial Domain, feeling hesitant.


 “Should I also transact with Fang Yuan?”


 Over this period of time, Bai Ning Bing had been cultivating in the depths of the Earth Trench, exploring it while facing the risk of death.


 Immemorial desolate beasts often ran wild in the depths of the earth, but there were all kinds of fortune hidden in the danger.


 Bai Ning Bing had collected many immortal materials in this period of time, and also found many natural resource points, most of which were of earth path.


 “It really is too difficult to refine Immortal Gu. If I can borrow Fang Yuan’s strength, it will definitely be a huge help.”


 Bai Ning Bing was feeling the urge to make such a move.


 According to her understanding of Fang Yuan, he would most likely agree to transact with her.


 But Bai Ning Bing had her own misgivings.


 On one hand, she had no way to directly take away these earth path resources and put them in treasure yellow heaven.


 Bai Ning Bing cultivated ice and snow path, and also had aptitude in enslavement path because of her dragonman identity. She had no suitable Immortal Gu to dig out those earth path resource points.


 On the other hand, Bai Ning Bing was worried that exposing the secret of rich resources in the underground would attract Fang Yuan’s greed.


 Fang Yuan might not make a move personally, but sending a few of his subordinates would be enough to give trouble to Bai Ning Bing.


 After all, Shen Shang and Lu Wei Yin had also joined Fang Yuan.


 Right as Bai Ning Bing was hesitating, an earth path resource point entered treasure yellow heaven.


 Following that, a treasure light shot out from this earth path resource point, forming an enormous pillar of light that seemed to touch the sky.


 “Huh? This is... a super resource point?” Even Bai Ning Bing, who had gone through a lot, felt shaken.


 At this moment, all the Gu Immortal wills and divine senses in treasure yellow heaven were fluctuating intensely!


 “Oh goodness, am I seeing this wrongly?”


 “A super resource point, an earth path super resource point!”


 “This kind of resource point is a must-have for any super force, but it is actually being sold?!”


 “Simply unimaginable!”


 “Which wastrel will do such a thing?”


 “How will they live from now on?”


 “No matter which wastrel it is, the question is, who is this resource point being sold to?”


 “Who else can it be? It is undoubtedly Great Love Immortal Venerable!”


 Sure enough, like many immortals expected, this earth path super resource point was taken by Fang Yuan’s will.


 Soon, the resource point was taken from treasure yellow heaven and moved into the sovereign immortal aperture.


 An open transaction was finished.


 Treasure yellow heaven was still in commotion.


 “Western Desert’s Fang clan transacted with Fang Yuan.”


 “Fang clan sold this earth path super resource point.”


 “It has been checked! This super resource point is black-yellow earth pool, it originally did not belong to Fang clan, this is Wan clan’s number one resource point.”


 “So it was Wan clan’s property. I understand now, Wan clan is paying a visit to every Western Desert righteous path super force to organize an anti-Fang alliance. Fang clan is really vicious for selling this resource point.”


 The five regions’ Gu Immortals were all discussing this matter.


 Wan clan also soon learned of this.


 “How can this be?!” Wan Zhui Qing’s eyes reddened with hatred as he spoke through clenched teeth.


 “Fang clan is too hateful, too despicable!” Wan Xiao’s face was ashen.


 This was a classic situation of a person not feeling any heartache for selling something that was not theirs.


 Fang clan did not use their own super resource points, but sold Wan clan’s super resource point instead.


 They even chose to transact it openly!


 This plan was really vicious.


 Wan Hao Guang also felt an extreme headache. Because this black-yellow earth pool was meant to be the payment to Xiao clan.


 Xiao clan sent several Gu Immortal experts to take part in the anti-Fang alliance, and they would form a close alliance with Wan clan later on to reclaim the territories.


 But now, black-yellow earth pool was gone, Fang clan sold it to Fang Yuan.


 Who was Fang Yuan?


 Great Love Immortal Venerable! Heaven Refining Demon Venerable!


 Would Wan clan dare to ask for black-yellow earth pool from Fang Yuan?


 Would Xiao clan dare?


 They would not dare to do it even if they were given ten thousand guts.


 Sure enough, not long later, Xiao Ye Hu paid a visit.


 “Wan clan, the situation has changed. We need to have another talk.” Xiao Ye Hu said heavily.


 Wan Hao Guang and the others’ expressions did not look good.


 When they finished their discussion with Xiao Ye Hu, the expressions of Wan clan’s immortals became even more unsightly.


 “These greedy jackals!” Wan Hao Guang clenched his fists tightly.


 Wan clan’s and Xiao clan’s transaction contents were modified several times. Black-yellow earth pool was removed, and Wan clan had to add in several giant resource points.


 After Xiao clan’s benefits were preserved, Xiao Ye Hu left contentedly.


 Wan clan’s immortals felt anger and hatred, but were helpless.


 What choice did they have?


 “To make these righteous path forces participate in the anti-Fang alliance, our Wan clan must pay a corresponding price.”


 “Xiao clan is the super force putting in the most effort, so we need to pay them even more.”


 “They are simply kicking a person when they are down!”


 “Sigh, among the entire righteous path forces, only Tang clan has the most righteous demeanor.”


 “Yes, I did not notice it before. But in this moment of crisis, we can see the true character of others. Tang clan asked for the lowest price.”


 “Although Tang clan is not strong, once we retrieve our territory, we should have more dealings with Tang clan.”


 “That is reasonable.”


 “Tang clan is a true model of the righteous path!”


 Just as Wan clan was discussing the matter, the rank seven time path Gu Immortal Tang Lan Ke, who was sent by Tang clan, secretly contacted Fang Yuan.


 “Reporting to lord, Xiao Ye Hu just paid a visit to Wan clan. They had a secret discussion for a long time before he left. Looking at his expression, he seemed to be satisfied.”


 Fang Yuan nodded. With just a slight deduction, he knew the truth: “Looks like Wan clan ceded black-yellow earth pool to exchange for more support from Xiao clan. The plan with Fang clan has already produced results, continue to stay hidden and probe for information.”


 “Yes, lord!”


 Inside the sovereign immortal aperture.


 Because the time flow was much faster here, more than a day had already passed.


 An abnormal situation was occurring around an earth vein node.


 Dense yellow fog shrouded this earth vein node. Dart-like stones constantly flew out of the yellow fog and attacked the earth vein node.


 Yu Zi accepted the task to defend the node, she was facing countless flying stones alone.


 Water vapor surrounded her body as her hands moved rapidly, raising giant waves that drowned the stones.


 After Yu Zi bade farewell to Shi San Bai, she accepted his suggestion and specially chose a task where she could vent her stress.


 Thus, she accepted this task.


 At the start, she was like an all-powerful being, her moves were majestic and grand. She released all her stress and felt refreshed.


 But this abnormal situation continued until now, Yu Zi was not able to suppress it completely.


 Yu Zi was feeling restless and stifled at this moment.


 “How can I be so unlucky?”


 “I chose a random task but it is actually so difficult!”


 “The amount of immortal essence I have expended over these days already amounts to a huge loss. Do I still have to take out some contribution points to ask for help?”


 Just as Yu Zi was hesitating, the yellow fog expanded suddenly, and the amount of flying stones doubled.


 Yu Zi was caught unprepared and was unable to block them, she could only watch as many of the flying stones shot at the earth vein node.


 “Damn it!” Yu Zi cursed in shock and anger.


 She took on this task to protect the earth vein node. But if the earth vein node was destroyed, her contribution points would be deducted!


 At the crucial moment, a figure suddenly appeared.


 He lightly waved his hand, illusory pink light specks scattered and flew into the yellow fog.


 “This is a dream path killer move?!” Yu Zi was stunned and joyous.


 The dream path killer move was clearly effective, the yellow fog quickly shrunk. The danger was eliminated instantly.


 “Yu Zi greets Lord Meng Qiu Zhen!” Yu Zi quickly bowed in greeting.


 She was extremely excited.


 Truly, fortune and misfortune existed together, she was actually able to see another main clone of Lord Fang Yuan because of this event. She was truly too fortunate.


 “Are you alright?” Meng Qiu Zhen asked warmly.


 Yu Zi raised her head and saw Meng Qiu Zhen. He had a head full of long pink hair that looked dreamy and illusory. His shining gaze was extremely captivating, his smooth facial contours showed a smile at this moment, making Yu Zi feel warm and heartened.


 “So beautiful...” Yu Zi was stupefied as she thought to herself.


 Although Meng Qiu Zhen was only at rank six, being shown concern by him made Yu Zi feel a sense of security.


 She then thought of her plan and immediately appeared more meek, covering her face as she wept softly: “Many thanks for Lord Meng Qiu Zhen’s concern, I used all my strength to protect the earth vein node. But I had no way to protect the formation surrounding the earth vein node.”


 Meng Qiu Zhen nodded: “I remember this formation, I personally set it up. According to the condition at that time, the formation base was buried underground. The formation’s structure was somewhat neglected, so a formation barrier was also constructed.”


 “Yes.” Yu Zi said in agreement, “The formation barrier is too easily broken, I repaired it many times but it always broke immediately after!”


 Meng Qiu Zhen took a deep look at Yu Zi. Suddenly, he took her in his arms and started touching her.


 He rubbed here and touched there.


 Yu Zi was dazed, her whole body was stiff like a statue.


 How could this happen all of a sudden?


 The difference in personality among Lord Fang Yuan’s clones was too big!


 If I had known this, I should have just gone to find Lord Meng Qiu Zhen, right?


 “Meng Qiu Zhen is such a good name[1], he is truly a dream come true!” Intense happiness filled Yu Zi’s body, her stiff body quickly relaxed as she shrunk into Meng Qiu Zhen’s embrace, and looked up at Meng Qiu Zhen’s face while blushing.


 But at the next moment, Meng Qiu Zhen said calmly: “There is an issue with your body, you have been contaminated.”


 “Wha... what?” Yu Zi was stunned.


 Meng Qiu Zhen continued: “Your contamination is quite serious, the abnormal situation is the source of the contamination. In fact, it already had no strength to exist, but after contaminating you, you became the potential source and have been nurturing it. The more you resist, the stronger the abnormal situation will become.”


 “Is, is this true?!” Yu Zi’s eyes widened with an incredulous expression.


 “You don’t believe me?” Meng Qiu Zhen laughed and patted her shoulder.


 “Look, you have hair now.” Meng Qiu Zhen said, “I have triggered the abnormal dao marks on your body.”


 Yu Zi almost fainted when she looked.


 She saw hair on her chest, nose, armpit and other private areas.


 In just a few breaths of time, this hair had already grown longer than an adult’s palm.


 Meng Qiu Zhen patted again: “Look, you have grown mold.”


 Yu Zi’s hair was previously standing straight, but now, it drooped down as greenish-white mold grew on it. An intense rotten stench assailed her nose.


 Tears flowed out of Yu Zi’s eyes.


 This was a huge deal to her.


 The merfolk aesthetic sense had nothing to do with hair. Merfolk liked scales, luster, and contours forming a streamlined body shape.


 Being hairy or furry was ugly!


 “What should I do? Please save me, Lord Meng Qiu Zhen!” Yu Zi pleaded, this emotion of desperation came straight from her heart.


 Meng Qiu Zhen smiled: “If you want me to help you, you have to spend contribution points.”


 “I am willing to pay anything and everything.” Yu Zi quickly said.


 Meng Qiu Zhen shook his head slightly: “But your contribution points are still not enough.”


 Yu Zi was getting dizzy from anxiety as she quickly explained the reason: “That is because I exchanged for Immortal Gu before!”


 “Hmm, let’s do it like this then.” Meng Qiu Zhen first activated a dream path method.


 Pink light covered Yu Zi, suppressing all the hair on her body and restoring her to her original state.


 Meng Qiu Zhen said: “I have temporarily restrained your abnormal dao marks, go to Star Collection City when you have gathered enough contribution points, you will be treated there. Go.”


 Meng Qiu Zhen then left Yu Zi and began to repair the formation around the earth vein node.


 Yu Zi gritted her teeth and bowed to bid her farewell.


 While flying, she activated a Gu worm to inspect the mission board.


 “Why are there so many resource point arrangement missions again?” Yu Zi paled, a vague feeling of disgust emerging in her heart.


 But she had no other options, to heal herself, she could only grit her teeth and choose a mission.


 “Arrange for the settlement of the black-yellow earth pool! This mission has the highest reward!”


 [1] Remember it comes from Dream Reality Seeker.



***
Chapter 2257 - Salt Water Liver


***





 Chapter 2257: Salt Water Liver 

 With a pale expression and heavy eye bags, Yu Zi entered Star Collection City in a daze.


 After working hard for over ten days without resting, she finally finished arranging black-yellow earth pool with the help of two other Gu Immortals.


 “Isn’t this Fairy Yu Zi? I heard you were in charge of arranging the black-yellow earth pool?”


 A Gu Immortal greeted Yu Zi.


 Yu Zi quickly raised her spirit and responded.


 “Your luck is really good, this mission rewards a lot of contribution points. I was held up with another task at that time, otherwise, I would have also taken this mission.” Another Gu Immortal said to Yu Zi.


 Yu Zi smiled, nodding towards the Gu Immortal.


 The two immortals quickly parted after that.


 This was the style of the Gu Immortals of the sovereign immortal aperture, they were always in a hurry, making use of every second.


 “Your condition does not look good, go to Liver Life Hall immediately.” Lian Ke Xin came across Yu Zi and said with concern.


 “You are also here?” Yu Zi felt much more at ease when she saw a Gu Immortal of her kin.


 Lian Ke Xin nodded: “I just came out of Liver Life Hall, the sovereign immortal aperture added black-yellow earth pool, there really are a lot of super resource points here.”


 Yu Zi said in agreement: “From what I know, there are rolling fall cliff, triple sacred mountain, divine needle valley, frost dragon pond, pin tree snowfield, water spider sea, and heavenly crystal storage pool. Now, there is this black-yellow earth pool, there must definitely be others as well.”


 Before Lian Ke Xin and Yu Zi entered the sovereign immortal aperture, they were leaders of the Merman Imperial Court, and were aware of the value of super resource points.


 Normally speaking, resource points were divided into several grades.


 Tiny resource points, small-sized resource points, and mid-sized resource points produced rank one to rank five cultivation resources.


 Large resource points could stably produce rank six resources, and occasionally rank seven resources.


 Giant resource points could stably produce rank seven resources.


 Super resource points were at rank eight level, and the pinnacle resource points were those secluded domains of heaven and earth.


 A super resource point could lead to an all-out contest between super forces, and it could even result in casualties.


 The five regions’ super forces were in possession of super resource points; the richer ones had more than ten, while the poorer ones had at least three or four.


 Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven were naturally not counted among these super forces.


 Strictly speaking, Heavenly Court and Longevity Heaven should be considered ultimate forces!


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s force could also be considered an ultimate force. There were over ten super resource points in the sovereign immortal aperture, it was just that the mermaid immortals had not been here for a long time, so they did not come into contact with the other resources.


 “The sovereign immortal aperture’s foundation has increased again, this is a good thing. But I am worried about the abnormal situations happening more often.” Lian Ke Xin was happy but also worried.


 Resource points contained dense amount of dao marks, after they were shifted into the sovereign immortal aperture, the immortal aperture’s dao marks would naturally increase.


 By now, the mermaid immortals had already realized the source of the abnormal situations.


 Lian Ke Xin was worried, Yu Zi was too, she said in a quiet voice: “Master sent several Gu Immortals outside, there is a shortage of manpower in the sovereign immortal aperture again. Over this period of time, missions have been constantly increasing on the mission board, the Gu Immortals’ mission completion speed cannot match the speed of the addition of new missions. Sigh, it will be great if master can bring in more Gu Immortals.”


 Lian Ke Xin nodded and said: “I also hope for more companions. But rashly bringing in the five regions’ Gu Immortals is not appropriate. On one hand, we will have to remove the suspicion of insiders and spies, on the other hand, there is racial equality here. If those self-righteous human Gu Immortals come in, they might destroy the harmony here. Master may also have such misgivings.”


 The two talked while walking towards Liver Life Hall.


 Yu Zi looked at the Liver Life Hall and suddenly understood: “I heard Liver Life Hall was only a liver life formation before. Master worked hard to modify it into an Immortal Gu House, it was really a wise move.”


 The immortal formation was closely connected to its surroundings, but Immortal Gu House was an independent body.


 Abnormal situations occurred frequently in the sovereign immortal aperture, and the immortal formations of various locations suffered, but Immortal Gu Houses were not disturbed.


 Yu Zi sighed: “I am somewhat worried. Don’t you think master’s idea for the development of the aperture is somewhat radical? The current sovereign immortal aperture is walking on a thin rope, we have to use all our effort to maintain this fragile balance. Even so, we are slowly slipping down the abyss of failure.”


 Lian Ke Xin squinted her eyes: “Maybe this nature is one of the reasons for master’s legendary rise. The current sovereign immortal aperture is truly like a glutton, it already is full to the point of indigestion, but is still eating regardless. By constructing dao veins everywhere, we are only treating the symptoms but not the root cause. If we don’t solve the fundamental issues, abnormal situations will still continue.”


 Yu Zi shook her head slightly: “In this period of time, I saw Lord Wu Shuai and Lord Meng Qiu Zhen. Both are peerlessly beautiful. I don’t believe such incredible existences are not aware of the root issue. We are only minor characters, how can we estimate master’s thoughts?”


 “Yes. This root issue is not our concern.” Lian Ke Xin patted Yu Zi’s arm, “Alright, Yu Zi, the Liver Life Hall is in front. I won’t accompany you, I still have a mission to do.”


 Yu Zi parted with Lian Ke Xin as well.


 She did not tell her abnormal state to Lian Ke Xin.


 Yu Zi entered Liver Life Hall with familiarity.


 Yu Zi had visited this mysterious Immortal Gu House many times, so she was not a stranger to it.


 She thought this use would also go smoothly, but how could she have expected an accident to happen.


 Boom.


 Liver Life Hall shook as the nearby Gu Immortals were alerted.


 “Looking at this, it seems someone’s liver exploded again?”


 “Hehe, this is a terrible feeling for them.”


 “No matter who it is, they are much luckier than me. The healing hall was constructed not long ago.”


 By the time Yu Zi woke up, she found she was no longer in the Liver Life Hall.


 She was lying on a large porcelain plate with dazzling white light filling her surroundings.


 After she adapted to this light with difficulty, she saw a will floating in the air and watching her.


 This will took a form, it was in the appearance of Fang Yuan’s main body.


 Yu Zi tried to stand up to greet him, but was stopped by Fang Yuan’s will: “Don’t move carelessly, your liver exploded, your injuries are not light. Also, some dao marks are still hiding in your body. Although they were suppressed temporarily by dream path methods, they are showing signs of erupting again.”


 Yu Zi immediately panicked, she did not want to grow moldy hair in front of Fang Yuan’s will.


 Naturally, her current situation was extremely pitiful.


 After her liver exploded, her stomach burst open, half of her rib bones were sent flying, and all her organs were injured.


 Yu Zi looked at Fang Yuan’s will, immediately saying: “Please save me, master. I already have enough contribution points.”


 Fang Yuan’s will nodded: “Your contribution points are enough, I have several treatment plans here for you.”


 “First is to use a time path killer move to restore you back to your previous state.”


 “Second is to transplant an ancient desolate beast’s liver into you, and use a transformation path method to merge the liver with your body.”


 “Third is to use a refinement path method, we will get rid of your abnormal dao marks first, then refine a brand new liver.”


 “And finally, the fourth option is my personal recommendation. This is an immortal killer move called salt water liver. After you cultivate it, you can create a new liver. This liver not only has water path dao marks, but also food path dao marks; using this liver, you can dual cultivate food path.”


 “Compared to an ordinary Gu Immortal’s liver, salt water liver can bear the support of Liver Life Hall much longer and last for many more uses. Moreover, if you fall into a predicament and have no way out, and are in shortage of food, you can eat this liver to satisfy your hunger.”


 “The fifth method is...”


 Fang Yuan’s will continued to describe over ten treatment plans.


 After Yu Zi listened to them attentively, she asked about the price.


 She found the most stable and safest method was the first time path plan. But because she cultivated water path, the time path killer move’s effect would not be obvious. She would have to pay a higher price for an obvious effect. Thus, the performance-cost ratio of the first plan was not high.


 The most effective treatment was the second plan. If Yu Zi could afford the price, she could use an immemorial desolate beast’s liver to transplant into her body.


 The lowest price was the refinement path plan, that was also the third plan.


 The highest performance-cost ratio plan was the fourth plan.


 “Salt water liver...” Yu Zi considered for a while before nodding, “I choose this.”


 While Yu Zi was being treated, looking over in Western Desert.


 Xiao Ye Hu gazed at Wan Hao Guang with a frown: “Muddy beach is no more, perfume flying island is also no more! They were openly sold to Heaven Refining Demon Venerable by Fang clan. Our contract needs to be changed.”


 Wan Hao Guang showed a painful expression: “Xiao Ye Hu, you have already been here five times to talk over the contract. Is it appropriate to change it at will? We should follow my previous suggestion, we should quickly attack Fang clan and drive them away, won’t it be much easier to change the contract based on the actual state?”


 Xiao Ye Hu shook his head, sighing deeply: “Wan Hao Guang, that is very risky. Your clan’s resource points are almost all sold by Fang clan. Even if we succeed in attacking Fang clan, can you bring out enough remuneration? You have contacted all the super forces of Western Desert. Looking at the price you paid to invite these people to join the alliance, are you still able to satisfy my Xiao clan first?”


 Wan Hao Guang felt an extreme headache, he was about to appease Xiao Ye Hu when suddenly, heaven and earth shook, thunderous explosions occurred.


 Their gathering point was ambushed!


 “It is Fang clan!”


 “Such guts, we haven’t even gone to attack them, yet they dare to send themselves to death!”


 “Fight!”


 The anti-Fang alliance army reacted and attacked furiously.


 The Wan clan Gu Immortals were extremely angry.


 It was this bunch of shameless scoundrels who sold off their resource points.


 They had to modify the contracts almost every day, this caused them a great headache.


 Fang clan mobilized three Immortal Gu Houses this time!


 The Fang clan immortals were also extremely angry.


 You guys! You guys!!


 You forced our Fang clan to sell all those resource points.


 Bam bam bam...


 Both sides were so furious that the moment they started the battle, a huge commotion could be heard, rocks cracked and rubble flew.



***
Chapter 2258 - Battle Against Fang Clan


***





 Chapter 2258: Battle Against Fang Clan 

 The thunderous explosions rang for a while as the killer moves collided with each other. Even the aftershock was fatal!


 Fang clan’s attack was too sudden, surpassing anti-Fang alliance’s expectations. What made the anti-Fang alliance regret was that they were not stationed at a resource point, but in an ordinary desert.


 They were about to make a large scale move against Fang clan, but they had to discuss their payment before the battle.


 Fang Di Chang’s plan was very effective, they did open transactions with Fang Yuan repeatedly which led to internal instability in the anti-Fang alliance, greatly postponing their official expedition.


 And this sudden attack was also Fang Di Chang’s proposition!


 “Fang Di Chang!!!” Wan Xiao gritted his teeth.


 Not only him, the other immortals of the alliance also experienced Fang Di Chang’s strength.


 Inside Chicken Dog Coop, Fang Di Chang’s expression was cold and his gaze was sharp.


 The situation of the battlefield was reflected in his mind, he shouted: “Release all the ancient desolate beasts, not to kill, but to scatter the enemies.”


 At the next moment, Chicken Dog Coop let out a dazzling light. Dozens of chicken and ancient desolate beast dogs formed into two groups that rushed ahead.


 Wan Hao Guang was furious as he understood Fang clan’s plan. He shouted madly: “Don’t scatter, whoever is alone may lose their life!”


 Fang clan immortals were curled up in their three Immortal Gu Houses, while the alliance Gu Immortals were flying in the sky.


 These Gu Immortals were pale, who could use their bodies to block these ancient desolate beasts?


 Even if they used killer moves, they would not able to exterminate them instantly.


 Once they started fighting and dodging, their already loose formation would immediately break, and Fang clan would succeed.


 Right at this time, an alliance Gu Immortal suddenly laughed as his appearance started changing.


 “It is time for me to make a move!” He was dressed in a blue robe, his laughter was unpleasant and noisy which left a deep impression on people.


 “You are not Tian Feng Mang, you are Tian Da Ji!” The other alliance Gu Immortals exclaimed in surprise and joy.


 Tian Da Ji had rank seven cultivation and cultivated enslavement path.


 He was not a lineal descendant of Tian clan, he had been a lowly young boy with no cultivation aptitude whose only fate was to become a farmer.


 But one time, as he was taking care of a field, he accidentally dug out a Gu Immortal inheritance.


 It was this inheritance that completely changed his life.


 He cultivated secretly at first, but was discovered soon after, and had no choice but to offer the Gu Immortal inheritance to Tian clan.


 The Gu Immortal in charge of the matter at that time, Tian Gang Hui, was an honest person. He did not covet this inheritance, instead protecting Tian Da Ji from then on.


 Tian Da Ji inherited this special inheritance that could only enslave chickens but its effect was outstanding.


 At the next moment, Tian Da Ji made a move, activating a killer move that actually caused all the ancient desolate beast chickens released by Fang clan to defect.


 These ancient desolate beasts immediately attacked the ancient desolate beast dogs behind them.


 In an instant, chickens and dogs fought, causing sand to fill the battlefield.


 The anti-Fang alliance’s crisis was immediately resolved. Wan Xiao, Wan Hao Guang, Sun Wang, and the rest made their moves.


 Wind path, light path, fire path, and other paths’ killer moves erupted in succession, forming three waves of attacks that charged towards Chicken Dog Coop.


 Fang clan had schemes, Wan clan also had prepared some.


 Tian Da Ji’s identity was a secret that was exposed only now. This was the result of Wan clan specially discussing it with Tian clan.


 Although the alliance was delayed by Fang clan, Wan clan did not waste the time. While the


 contract discussions were being talked, Wan clan actively made Gu Immortals train in group combat.


 The alliance Gu Immortals did not have much coordination with each other, it was no issue to fight individual fights, but group battle was their greatest weakness.


 After all, dao marks of different paths conflicted with each other.


 To target this weakness, under Heavenly Court’s unending supply of immortal essence stones, the alliance immortals cultivated painstakingly, forming an initial stage of group combat coordination.


 “Fang Hua Sheng.” Fang Di Chang retreated with Chicken Dog Coop while shouting for reinforcement.


 Although the ancient desolate beast chickens revolted, Chicken Dog Coop could still control ancient desolate beast dogs. This Immortal Gu House was important, if it was attacked and lost a crucial Immortal Gu, it would be really bad.


 If the ancient desolate beast dogs stop listening to commands, they would be defeated quickly.


 Fang Hua Sheng was controlling Fallen Flower Hall, he immediately rushed over after getting the message.


 Immortal killer move — Mirror Flower!


 The surface of Fallen Flower Hall immediately let out a wave of light.


 The light was pure white, it first exited violently before being restrained suddenly, turning into a huge flower bud on the roof of the hall.


 The flower bud quickly bloomed, the petals were like mirrors, reflecting light.


 As it bloomed, the flower petals collided with one another, emitting a crisp sound.


 After the flower bud bloomed completely, it was even larger than the roof of Fallen Flower Hall, being extremely beautiful.


 The mirror flower formed in a blink of an eye, and let out a strong suction force.


 Be it Wan Hao Guang, Wan Xiao, or Sun Wang’s killer moves, most of them was absorbed by the mirror flower.


 But there was still a small number of killer moves left that made Fallen Flower Hall shake endlessly, the mirror flower’s petals broke into pieces, and the remaining petals closed again, turning into a flower bud.


 “I am returning them to you!” Fang Hua Sheng shouted.


 The mirror flower bud bloomed again, releasing the absorbed killer moves back at the enemies.


 The flower bud disappeared completely, the released killer moves forced Wan Hao Guang and the rest to retreat again and again. They could only activate their methods to block arduously.


 Fang Hua Sheng saw that three immortals were in a miserable state, he knew the battle opportunity had appeared. He was just about to attack them, when suddenly a fire path Immortal Gu House appeared in the enemy formation!


 This Immortal Gu House was like a giant wheel, after it took in Dong clan’s two Gu Immortals Dong Zhu and Gong Ming, it started rolling.


 Dong clan’s Immortal Gu House Red River Wheel!


 Inside Red River Wheel, Dong Ming shouted in hatred: “Fang clan, you previously used the theft path Immortal Gu House to raid my Dong clan’s resource point, destroying my clan’s treasure moon oasis. This debt will be paid today!”


 With a crushing momentum, Red River Wheel whipped up an intense flame as it collided with Fallen Flower Hall.


 Bam.


 Fallen Flower Hall shook intensely as it retreated quickly.


 “Where are you going?” The Gu Immortals inside Red River Wheel gave chase.


 Not long later, Fallen Flower Hall fell into a disadvantage as flames stuck to it.


 Red River Wheel could counter the wood path Immortal Gu House Fallen Flower Hall to a certain extent.


 “Since there is fire, this will be easy.” Inside the alliance army formation, Gong Jiao Che smiled as he used a killer move.


 Boom.


 At the next moment, the flames on Fallen Flower Hall intensified turning into a huge fire!


 “Damn it...” Fang Hua Sheng gritted his teeth as he controlled Fallen Flower Hall to defend, but could not turn the situation around in a short period of time.


 The other Fang clan Gu Immortals in Fallen Flower Hall were doing their best to save Fallen Flower Hall’s Gu worms.


 But Red River Wheel’s fire continued to infiltrate the Immortal Gu House, spreading towards the core Immortal Gu!


 Fang Gong wanted to to go reinforce with Inquiry Dock.


 But another rank seven Immortal Gu House blocked its path firmly.


 It was Wan clan’s time path Immortal Gu House — Myriad Age Building!


 Soon after, Chicken Dog Coop also got attacked by many Gu Immortals.


 Fang Di Chang heaved a deep sigh, saying inwardly: ‘Wan clan really prepared sufficiently this time.’


 Be it the matter of concealing the identity of Tian Da Ji, Red River Wheel that restrained Fallen Flower Hall, or Myriad Age Building that firmly held back Inquiry Dock, it all proved that Wan clan was well prepared.


 These three Immortal Gu Houses of Fang clan were not a secret. Since this anti-Fang alliance included over ten super forces, it was not hard to find methods that could restrain Fang clan.


 The moment the ancient desolate beast chickens were made to revolt, Fang Di Chang knew the situation was turning bad.


 When anti-Fang alliance stabilized themselves and reacted, Fang clan immediately felt suppressed. The advantage of their sudden attack was already gone.


 The situation was urgent, but the Fang clan immortals were still not panicked and held ample confidence.


 Earth Shuttle — was mobilized!


 Fang Chen and Fang An Lei flew out and entered Earth Shuttle.


 “It was this Immortal Gu House that destroyed my tall pine oasis’ formation base!” Wan Xiao was furious. He immediately changed his target, hurling the long-prepared berserk wind blades towards Earth Shuttle.


 Earth Shuttle did not dodge as it endured these berserk wind blades and charged towards the enemy formation.


 Wherever it went, the alliance Gu Immortals evaded in fright. Who would dare to use their body


 to collide with a rank seven Immortal Gu House?


 Wan Xiao’s pupils shrunk when he saw this.


 Every aspect of Earth Shuttle Immortal Gu House was strengthened. Last time, when it attacked tall pine oasis, its defense was very weak. But it was completely different now.


 However, dealing with this earth path Immortal Gu House was also within Wan clan’s plans.


 Even the matter of it being stronger now did not surpass Wan clan’s expectations.


 At the crucial moment, Mo Sha Ta stood up and activated a killer move, blocking Earth Shuttle.


 A dense layer of sand accumulated on Earth Shuttle, reducing its speed sharply.


 Boom.


 Earth Shuttle shook, destroying the sand layer. Without the restraint, it directly charged at Mo Sha Ta.


 Mo Sha Ta was pale with fright as he turned around and ran.


 The alliance’s formation began to turn chaotic.


 Xiao Ye Hu gritted his teeth as he had no choice but to make a move in advance.


 He held Chamber Pot which aimed at Earth Shuttle from afar, letting out a pitch-black lump of light.


 “Don’t even think of it!” Fang Hua Sheng shouted.


 Fallen Flower Hall moved once again.


 Immortal killer move — Fleeting Bloom!


 The pitch-black light lump was really fast, but it got struck by fleeting bloom, slowing down rapidly.


 Earth Shuttle easily evaded it as Xiao Ye Hu glared in anger.


 “You still have the time to care about others!” Tuoba Cheng Feng made his move.


 He was a famous Gu Immortal in Western Desert’s Gu Immortal world, and was extremely proficient in support methods.


 This was a wind path support killer move. After it covered Fallen Flower Hall, the huge fire


 burned even hotter and covered over half of Fallen Flower Hall.


 Fang Hua Sheng’s expression turned heavy, he had just gotten rid of Earth Shuttle’s obstacle, but it made Fallen Flower Hall’s situation even more dangerous.


 “Do I reinforce Fallen Flower Hall?” Fang Di Chang scanned the whole battlefield, soon his eyes shrunk when he saw a figure, “No, I need to rescue Inquiry Dock first!”


 Since the battle started, Zuo Qiu San Sha had been staying at the back of the alliance army as he prepared his killer move.


 At this time, the killer move’s aura was already close to complete.


 Fang clan possessed roof tile breaker killer move that could restrain Immortal Gu Houses. Zuo Qiu also had a similar killer move, it was called state of disunity which was created by Zuo Qiu San Sha!



***
Chapter 2259 - Like a Tiger, Fang Gong


***





 Chapter 2259: Like a Tiger, Fang Gong 

 State of disunity killer move was similar to roof tile breaker; they both countered Immortal Gu Houses.


 No doubt, this was a killer weapon of the anti-Fang alliance to deal with Fang clan!


 Fang clan’s proficiency lied in Immortal Gu Houses.


 Zuo Qiu San Sha who possessed state of disunity was the key person to suppress Fang clan.


 “We can’t let him activate it!” Fang Di Chang understood Zuo Qiu San Sha’s threat, immediately commanding, “Fang Zhi and Fang Dong Xi, go!”


 Two Fang clan rank seven Gu Immortals flew out of Chicken Dog Coop, they quickly took out an


 Immortal Gu House.


 This Immortal Gu House had two floors, it was a short building.


 As the Immortal Gu House was activated, the roof released dense smoke.


 Rank seven Immortal Gu House — Smoke Wave Building!


 “A completely new Immortal Gu House appeared!”


 “Fang clan sold so many resource points, as expected, they gathered enough resources from Heaven Refining Demon Venerable to construct another Immortal Gu House.”


 The alliance immortals were shaken.


 According the previous discussion, Shi Kang went forward. He anxiously approached Smoke Wave Building and started probing it.


 After all, he was most proficient in defense.


 Smoke Wave Building was not fast, but the dense smoke on the roof of the building kept on gushing out. Soon, it filled most of the battlefield, attempting to engulf Zuo Qiu San Sha.


 The alliance immortals did not understand the power of the smoke, so they retreated carefully.


 Immortal killer move — Vortex Sweep!


 Qin Lang activated his proudest method; immediately, most of the smoke dissipated, and the


 surroundings became clear again.


 “Hmph!” Fang Di Chang left a sentence while personally moving out, “Fang Leng, Fang Yun, look after Chicken Dog Coop.”


 Fang Di Chang flew out, he took out an Immortal Gu House before he entered it.


 “Another rank seven Immortal Gu House!”


 The anti-Fang alliance was in an uproar.


 Fang clan had three new Immortal Gu Houses, moreover they were all at rank seven!


 How many things did Heaven Refining Demon Venerable give Fang clan!


 The third Immortal Gu House was Thought Expelling Pavilion. It was a wisdom path Immortal Gu House that complemented Fang Di Chang.


 Fang Di Chang activated the Immortal Gu House’s method and targeted Zuo Qiu San Sha.


 Zuo Qiu San Sha had already succeeded in approaching closer, but his thoughts suddenly flew out of his mind and circled around his body!


 The Gu worms in his immortal aperture immediately fell into chaos, Zuo Qiu San Sha’s killer move failed to activate. With a cough, he spat out blood and suffered heavy injuries from the backlash.


 Tuoba Cheng Feng and Gong Jiao Che saw the situation turning for the worse, they quickly gave up on encircling Fallen Flower Hall; the former went to save Zuo Qiu San Sha, and the latter attacked Thought Expelling Pavilion from afar.


 Thought Expelling Pavilion endured Gong Jiao Che’s fire path killer move and activated its method again.


 Tang Lan Ke gasped as she fell down from the sky.


 “I can’t stop it!” Shi Kang was covered in black smoke, he retreated with a shout.


 The dense black smoke emitted by Smoke Wave Building made it extremely difficult for him to defend, this was already his limit.


 Right at this time, a yellow meteor streaked across the battlefield and collided with Shi Kang.


 It was Earth Shuttle!


 Shi Kang’s pupils shrunk as the intense threat of death assaulted his body and mind.


 Boom.


 At the crucial moment, Lin Shu Tong flew over and sacrificed himself to collide into Earth Shuttle


 from the side, forcefully changing its route.


 Shi Kang almost brushed past Earth Shuttle, surviving luckily.


 His battle intent was mostly gone as he retreated rapidly.


 “The enemies are in chaos.” Fang Di Chang saw this, and activated Thought Expelling Pavilion, targeting Tian Da Ji.


 Tian Da Ji was startled and immediately released ancient desolate chickens from his immortal aperture to protect him.


 But who could have imagined that Fang Di Chang was only bluffing, immediately targeting its attack towards Sun Wang.


 Sun clan Gu Immortals were most conservative. The moment Thought Expelling Pavilion showed such movement, Sun Wang immediately ran away with an astonishing speed.


 Wan clan Gu Immortals looked extremely unsightly.


 Fang Di Chang was indeed worthy of being a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he was familiar with people’s nature. He only used Thought Expelling Pavilion a few times and made use of its threat to gain such battle accomplishments!


 “First supreme elder, this is the time for our Fang clan to claim victory!” Fang Di Chang’s voice was slightly excited.


 Inside Inquiry Dock, Fang Gong was already impatient from waiting.


 When he heard Fang Di Chang’s call, he laughed heartily. He gave the control of Inquiry Dock to other Fang clan Gu Immortals and flew out like a meteor.


 Fang Gong collided with Myriad Age Building, the whole building almost collapsed.


 Immortal killer move — Roof Tile Breaker!


 Fang Gong’s palm shadows flew, raising storm-like attacks.


 Myriad Age Building’s defensive killer moves also could not block roof tile breaker, it started to crumble rapidly.


 “Good!” Xiao Ye Hu’s eyes lit up, he finally saw an enemy Gu Immortal leaving the protection of


 their Immortal Gu House, this was the time for Chamber Pot to shine.


 But just as he was about to make a move, Earth Shuttle came crashing over.


 Xiao Ye Hu cursed, he could only retreat to protect himself.


 Myriad Age Building was forced to activate its strongest defensive method which rapidly extracted Fang Gong’s lifespan.


 Fang Gong sneered, decisively retreating.


 He had achieved his target by forcing out this method of Myriad Age Building.


 Once this method of Myriad Age Building activated, it could only stop after at least two hours.


 The surrounding alliance Gu Immortals retreated away from Myriad Age Building.


 The anti-Fang alliance’s formation was already in complete disorder.


 Fang Gong left Myriad Age Building and charged towards Red River Wheel.


 “Didn’t you want revenge? Then come at me!” Fang Gong shouted.


 Roof tile breaker killer move activated once again, Red River Wheel retreated rapidly while burning flames closed in on Fang Gong.


 Fang Gong did not dodge, sticking to Red River Wheel amidst the burning flames.


 Dong Ming screamed: “Fang Gong, you’ve gone too far!”


 He activated Red River Wheel and collided with Fang Gong.


 Fang Gong’s eyes shone, he did not evade, instead charging right towards Red River Wheel.


 The two collided as Red River Wheel was thrown backwards, Fang Gong used the chance to give chase.


 Dong Ming’s expression was deathly pale: “Is this the strength of a rank eight strength path Gu Immortal?!”


 Dong Zhu kept silent as he let out molten flame birds.


 Fang Gong kicked and punched, smashing the molten flame birds to a pulp.


 In just ten or so breaths of time, Red River Wheel was beaten back again and again, its surface crumbled and looked like it was in a miserable state.


 “Fang Gong, don’t be cocky.” With the help of other allies, Xiao Ye Hu finally had a chance to attack.


 Wan clan had paid a high price to request his assistance.


 Why?


 It was to deal with Fang Gong!


 Immortal Gu House Chamber Pot was pocket-sized, it could not carry people like normal Immortal Gu Houses, it would also suffer huge damage if it was used to rampage around.


 Its specialty was in dealing with Gu Immortals.


 Even Fang Gong would be threatened!


 “Fang Gong, go die!!” Xiao Ye Hu finally attacked, a pitch-black light lump shot at Fang Gong.


 “Fang Gong, you are still not retreating?!” Dong Ming and Dong Zhu shouted together. They were extremely panicked because Red River Wheel was on the verge of destruction.


 Fang Gong instead laughed loudly, not even looking at the pitch-black light lump: “This is the battle of Fang clan against the world! How can I, Fang Gong, not stake my life?”


 Boom.


 Red River Wheel shattered completely!


 Dong Ming and Dong Zhu were in absolute horror. They were sent flying in the sky, their surroundings filled with fragments of Red River Wheel and corpses of countless Gu worms.


 They looked at Fang Gong, he seemed like a fearless and invincible heavenly deity!


 But at the next moment, the pitch-black light lump struck Fang Gong.


 “Success!” Xiao Ye Hu shouted in joy.


 Wan clan Gu Immortals were exulted.


 Whoosh!


 Fang Gong moved his arms, directly crushing the pitch-black light lump.


 The anti-Fang alliance immortals were shaken and scared, many even subconsciously opened their mouths wide at this inconceivable sight.


 “How, how can this be?!” Xiao Ye Hu could not believe it as he stared with wide eyes.


 “Your turn next!” Fang Gong looked at Xiao Ye Hu as he said calmly.


 At this moment, Xiao Ye Hu’s heart contracted.


 He was frightened by Fang Gong’s ferocious momentum, only one thought remained in his mind


 — escape!


 “Where are you trying to go?!” Fang Gong flew towards Xiao Ye Hu like a meteor, he broke the sonic barrier and left a grand shock wave behind him.


 “Save me! My Xiao clan will definitely reward you well!” Xiao Ye Hu ran madly.


 Gong Jiao Che, Tang Lan Ke, Qin Lang, Tian Da Ji, and the rest moved to block Fang Gong.


 Fang Gong did not dodge but endured all kinds of killer moves forcibly. Like a fierce tiger or a rampaging dragon, he closed in on Xiao Ye Hu.


 His aura surged like a rising tiger over ten thousand li!


 Xiao Ye Hu could not shake off Fang Gong, he watched in despair as Fang Gong neared him.


 “Let this battle be the start of my Fang clan’s rise!” Fang Gong shouted inwardly, his battle intent burned like inferno.


 At the edge of the battlefield, high in the sky.


 Wan Zi Hong and Zhou Xiong Xin were watching the battle quietly. The former was somewhat restless when she saw this scene.


 “Friends from Heavenly Court, it will be best if you watch quietly.” Lu Wei Yin appeared and said


 with a smile.


 Wan Zi Hong and Zhou Xiong Xin’s expressions changed as they watched with complete vigilance.


 At the same time.


 Northern Plains.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable activated his luck path investigative method.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did this every once in a while.


 He first inspected Heavenly Court.


 In his view, Fang Yuan had little immortal essence and would have refined the least number of dao marks. Heavenly Court’s Star Constellation Immortal Venerable was close behind him, she was the main target to be vigilant against.


 Heavenly Court’s luck had somewhat increased.


 “Looks like Star Constellation Immortal Venerable has already refined most of the Heavenly Court dao marks. It will be increasingly difficult to inspect her later on.”


 Afterwards, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable inspected Eastern Sea.


 He saw that Fang Yuan’s luck was low, it had slightly strengthened than before, but it was of no significance.


 A portion of Fang Yuan and Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s luck had split from the main


 portion and moved towards Western Desert.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable gazed towards Western Desert and saw a battlefield. The luck of countless people tangled with each other, forming a blood-red color that was mixed with black.


 “Looks like Western Desert’s anti-Fang battle has already started.” Giant Sun Immortal Venerable nodded.


 Fang clan’s matter had grown quite big, all five regions paid attention to it. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable naturally knew of the details.


 He inspected carefully and understood: “Fang clan seems to be holding an advantage, but there is a huge variable. Wan clan is hiding something... I see, so Heavenly Court helped Wan clan like this.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable laughed coldly as he saw through the secret.


 From the start, he did not interfere in Western Desert’s anti-Fang battle.


 “Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and Heaven Refining Demon Venerable do not cultivate luck path, they don’t know that they are expending their luck in this contest. This is already turning into their weakness!”


 “If I am currently in my peak state during my previous life, I can have gain some advantages


 with my luck path methods.”


 “What a pity, what a pity...”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had to use the remaining immortal essence to refine luck path dao marks.


 Besides this, although he had many rank eight luck path Immortal Gu, he did not have a rank nine luck path Immortal Gu.



***
Chapter 2260 -‌ ‌Wan‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌Chou‌ ‌


***





 Chapter‌ ‌2260:‌ ‌Wan‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌Chou‌ ‌ 

 ‌


 Rank‌ ‌nine‌ ‌existences,‌ ‌be‌ ‌they‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌Immortals‌ ‌or‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu,‌ ‌were‌ ‌envied‌ ‌by‌ ‌the‌ ‌heavens,‌ ‌they‌ ‌


 could‌ ‌not‌ ‌live‌ ‌forever.‌ ‌ ‌


 ‌


 So,‌ ‌in‌ ‌all‌ ‌of‌ ‌humanity’s‌ ‌history,‌ ‌there‌ ‌were‌ ‌only‌ ‌eleven‌ ‌venerables,‌ ‌and‌ ‌they‌ ‌all‌ ‌were‌ ‌restricted‌ ‌


 by‌ ‌their‌ ‌lifespan.‌ ‌


 ‌


 There‌ ‌were‌ ‌also‌ ‌very‌ ‌few‌ ‌rank‌ ‌nine‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌that‌ ‌existed‌ ‌in‌ ‌the‌ ‌world.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable‌ ‌finally‌ ‌took‌ ‌a‌ ‌glance‌ ‌at‌ ‌his‌ ‌luck.‌ ‌


 ‌


 He‌ ‌could‌ ‌not‌ ‌help‌ ‌but‌ ‌frown.‌ ‌


 ‌


 The‌ ‌situation‌ ‌was‌ ‌not‌ ‌good.‌ ‌


 ‌


 It‌ ‌was‌ ‌worse‌ ‌than‌ ‌before.‌ ‌


 ‌


 But‌ ‌from‌ ‌the‌ ‌information‌ ‌he‌ ‌had,‌ ‌Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable‌ ‌still‌ ‌could‌ ‌not‌ ‌estimate‌ ‌where‌ ‌


 this‌ ‌bad‌ ‌luck‌ ‌came‌ ‌from.‌ ‌ ‌


 ‌


 Naturally,‌ ‌he‌ ‌was‌ ‌most‌ ‌suspicious‌ ‌of‌ ‌Heavenly‌ ‌Court.‌ ‌


 ‌


 “What‌ ‌is‌ ‌that‌ ‌old‌ ‌woman,‌ ‌Star‌ ‌Constellation‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable,‌ ‌playing‌ ‌at?”‌ ‌


 ‌


 Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable‌ ‌was‌ ‌not‌ ‌anxious.‌ ‌


 ‌


 He‌ ‌had‌ ‌methods‌ ‌to‌ ‌change‌ ‌his‌ ‌luck.‌ ‌


 ‌


 But‌ ‌there‌ ‌was‌ ‌still‌ ‌that‌ ‌flaw.‌ ‌


 ‌


 He‌ ‌was‌ ‌tight‌ ‌on‌ ‌immortal‌ ‌essence‌ ‌and‌ ‌they‌ ‌needed‌ ‌to‌ ‌be‌ ‌used‌ ‌to‌ ‌refine‌ ‌dao‌ ‌marks.‌ ‌He‌ ‌did‌ ‌not‌ ‌


 have‌ ‌a‌ ‌rank‌ ‌nine‌ ‌luck‌ ‌path‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu,‌ ‌using‌ ‌rank‌ ‌eight‌ ‌luck‌ ‌path‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌to‌ ‌change‌ ‌his‌ ‌


 rank‌ ‌nine‌ ‌luck‌ ‌was‌ ‌very‌ ‌difficult‌ ‌and‌ ‌would‌ ‌expend‌ ‌a‌ ‌lot‌ ‌more‌ ‌immortal‌ ‌essence.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable‌ ‌soon‌ ‌stopped‌ ‌activating‌ ‌his‌ ‌investigative‌ ‌method.‌ ‌


 ‌


 The‌ ‌longer‌ ‌the‌ ‌contest‌ ‌of‌ ‌three‌ ‌venerables‌ ‌prolonged,‌ ‌the‌ ‌bigger‌ ‌the‌ ‌importance‌ ‌of‌ ‌information.‌ ‌


 But‌ ‌Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable’s‌ ‌inspection‌ ‌duration‌ ‌kept‌ ‌on‌ ‌decreasing.‌ ‌


 ‌


 He‌ ‌needed‌ ‌to‌ ‌consider‌ ‌his‌ ‌immortal‌ ‌essence‌ ‌expenditure,‌ ‌and‌ ‌try‌ ‌to‌ ‌save‌ ‌as‌ ‌much‌ ‌immortal‌ ‌


 essence‌ ‌as‌ ‌possible.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable‌ ‌fell‌ ‌into‌ ‌deep‌ ‌thought:‌ ‌”What‌ ‌is‌ ‌the‌ ‌source‌ ‌of‌ ‌my‌ ‌bad‌ ‌luck?”‌ ‌


 ‌


 “Heavenly‌ ‌Court‌ ‌is‌ ‌the‌ ‌biggest‌ ‌suspect,‌ ‌but‌ ‌I‌ ‌cannot‌ ‌relax‌ ‌my‌ ‌guard‌ ‌against‌ ‌Fang‌ ‌Yuan‌ ‌too!‌ ‌He‌ ‌


 has‌ ‌the‌ ‌sovereign‌ ‌immortal‌ ‌body‌ ‌and‌ ‌can‌ ‌cultivate‌ ‌all‌ ‌paths,‌ ‌his‌ ‌potential‌ ‌is‌ ‌absolutely‌ ‌terrifying.‌ ‌


 Besides‌ ‌this,‌ ‌he‌ ‌has‌ ‌another‌ ‌advantage.‌ ‌That‌ ‌is‌ ‌refinement‌ ‌path!”‌ ‌


 ‌


 “Refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌might‌ ‌not‌ ‌be‌ ‌proficient‌ ‌in‌ ‌fighting,‌ ‌but‌ ‌its‌ ‌development‌ ‌potential‌ ‌far‌ ‌surpasses‌ ‌


 luck‌ ‌path‌ ‌and‌ ‌blood‌ ‌path.‌ ‌Thus,‌ ‌refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌has‌ ‌far‌ ‌more‌ ‌potential‌ ‌rank‌ ‌nine‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌than‌ ‌luck‌ ‌


 path,‌ ‌blood‌ ‌path,‌ ‌as‌ ‌well‌ ‌as‌ ‌wisdom‌ ‌path‌ ‌and‌ ‌star‌ ‌path.”‌ ‌ ‌


 ‌


 Each‌ ‌path‌ ‌had‌ ‌strengths‌ ‌and‌ ‌weaknesses.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable‌ ‌kept‌ ‌luck‌ ‌path‌ ‌a‌ ‌secret‌ ‌and‌ ‌did‌ ‌not‌ ‌spread‌ ‌it,‌ ‌so‌ ‌its‌ ‌development‌ ‌


 was‌ ‌limited.‌ ‌Other‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌Immortals‌ ‌would‌ ‌find‌ ‌it‌ ‌difficult‌ ‌to‌ ‌defend‌ ‌against‌ ‌Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌


 Venerable’s‌ ‌luck‌ ‌path‌ ‌methods,‌ ‌but‌ ‌there‌ ‌were‌ ‌few‌ ‌luck‌ ‌path‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌that‌ ‌could‌ ‌reach‌ ‌rank‌ ‌


 nine.‌ ‌ ‌


 ‌


 On‌ ‌the‌ ‌contrary,‌ ‌refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌was‌ ‌probably‌ ‌the‌ ‌most‌ ‌widely‌ ‌developed‌ ‌path.‌ ‌Simply‌ ‌because‌ ‌


 refining‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌was‌ ‌an‌ ‌inevitable‌ ‌part‌ ‌of‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌cultivation.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Even‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌cultivators‌ ‌who‌ ‌cultivated‌ ‌other‌ ‌paths‌ ‌would‌ ‌have‌ ‌refined‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌to‌ ‌some‌ ‌extent.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Thus,‌ ‌as‌ ‌refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌grew,‌ ‌more‌ ‌refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌cultivators‌ ‌emerged‌ ‌which‌ ‌meant‌ ‌


 more‌ ‌refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌dao‌ ‌marks.‌ ‌Refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌resources‌ ‌were‌ ‌unceasing,‌ ‌and‌ ‌there‌ ‌were‌ ‌


 all‌ ‌kinds‌ ‌of‌ ‌refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu.‌ ‌Moreover,‌ ‌refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌that‌ ‌could‌ ‌


 advance‌ ‌to‌ ‌rank‌ ‌nine‌ ‌became‌ ‌even‌ ‌more‌ ‌numerous.‌ ‌


 ‌


 “Fortunately,‌ ‌Fang‌ ‌Yuan‌ ‌is‌ ‌lacking‌ ‌immortal‌ ‌essence‌ ‌currently,‌ ‌he‌ ‌is‌ ‌still‌ ‌far‌ ‌from‌ ‌refining‌ ‌a‌ ‌rank‌ ‌


 nine‌ ‌refinement‌ ‌path‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu.”‌ ‌


 ‌


 “Maybe,‌ ‌my‌ ‌bad‌ ‌luck‌ ‌is‌ ‌not‌ ‌because‌ ‌of‌ ‌Fang‌ ‌Yuan‌ ‌or‌ ‌Star‌ ‌Constellation‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable,‌ ‌but‌ ‌


 the‌ ‌other‌ ‌venerables.‌ ‌If‌ ‌other‌ ‌venerables‌ ‌revived,‌ ‌who‌ ‌would‌ ‌be‌ ‌the‌ ‌most‌ ‌problematic‌ ‌for‌ ‌me?”‌ ‌


 ‌


 Fang‌ ‌Yuan‌ ‌had‌ ‌Cooking‌ ‌Luck‌ ‌Pot‌ ‌as‌ ‌well‌ ‌as‌ ‌obscured‌ ‌heavenly‌ ‌secret,‌ ‌although‌ ‌Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌


 Immortal‌ ‌Venerable‌ ‌had‌ ‌the‌ ‌ability‌ ‌to‌ ‌inspect‌ ‌him,‌ ‌he‌ ‌did‌ ‌not‌ ‌get‌ ‌proper‌ ‌results.‌ ‌


 ‌


 “If‌ ‌I‌ ‌gain‌ ‌a‌ ‌breakthrough‌ ‌in‌ ‌the‌ ‌blood‌ ‌path‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌transaction,‌ ‌this‌ ‌luck‌ ‌should‌ ‌change‌ ‌to‌ ‌


 good.”‌ ‌


 ‌


 Fang‌ ‌Yuan‌ ‌was‌ ‌not‌ ‌the‌ ‌only‌ ‌one‌ ‌who‌ ‌obstructed‌ ‌Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable‌ ‌in‌ ‌terms‌ ‌of‌ ‌


 blood‌ ‌path‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu,‌ ‌Heavenly‌ ‌Court‌ ‌had‌ ‌already‌ ‌been‌ ‌doing‌ ‌so‌ ‌since‌ ‌Blood‌ ‌Sea‌ ‌Ancestor’s‌ ‌


 time.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Demon‌ ‌Judgment‌ ‌Board’s‌ ‌core‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌Blood‌ ‌Relation,‌ ‌and‌ ‌Red‌ ‌Heart‌ ‌Traveler’s‌ ‌heart‌ ‌


 blood‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌were‌ ‌things‌ ‌that‌ ‌Giant‌ ‌Sun‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Venerable‌ ‌thirsted‌ ‌for.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Currently,‌ ‌Heavenly‌ ‌Lord‌ ‌Bai‌ ‌Zu‌ ‌was‌ ‌still‌ ‌in‌ ‌a‌ ‌long‌ ‌negotiation‌ ‌with‌ ‌Fang‌ ‌Yuan.‌ ‌ ‌


 ‌


 Longevity‌ ‌Heaven‌ ‌was‌ ‌secretly‌ ‌negotiating‌ ‌with‌ ‌Heavenly‌ ‌Court‌ ‌as‌ ‌well‌ ‌for‌ ‌blood‌ ‌path‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌


 Gu,‌ ‌but‌ ‌the‌ ‌progress‌ ‌was‌ ‌almost‌ ‌zero.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Back‌ ‌in‌ ‌Western‌ ‌Desert.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Fang‌ ‌Gong‌ ‌got‌ ‌close‌ ‌to‌ ‌Xiao‌ ‌Ye‌ ‌Hu‌ ‌and‌ ‌punched.‌ ‌


 ‌


 Under‌ ‌his‌ ‌fear,‌ ‌Xiao‌ ‌Ye‌ ‌Hu‌ ‌moved‌ ‌Immortal‌ ‌Gu‌ ‌House‌ ‌Chamber‌ ‌Pot‌ ‌in‌ ‌front‌ ‌to‌ ‌block.‌ ‌

