

 Whooshh!


 He jumped with ferocious strength, next, he waved his right palm smashing at Fang Yuan.


 The strong wind produced from his motion sent Fang Yuan’s clothes fluttering before the bear palm even hit him.


 Fang Yuan was still calm, he clenched his left palm into a fist and struck directly at the bear palm.


 Fist and palm struck, producing a muffled sound. It was a draw.


 However, following immediately, Tang Xiong’s arm swept horizontally and another palm also came smashing over.


 Fang Yuan used offence against offence; bang bang bang, fists and palms struck each other multiple times, the wind was screaming from their attacks.


 The audience revealed astonished expressions when they saw Fang Yuan equally matched as he attacked Tang Xiong head-on.


 ’This youngster has some skills to be able to duke it out with Tang Xiong!"


 "What was his name again?"


 "This is a tough nut, Tang Xiong is in trouble. Grand bear Gu has a time limit, and once the effect disappears, he will be disadvantaged."


 However, right at this moment!


 A fierce bear’s roar resounded throughout the battle stage.


 A phantom image of a black bear appeared behind Tang Xiong; it opened its bloody mouth and roared towards the skies.


 Beast Phantom!


 Tang Xiong got lucky and was able to unleash the beast phantom.


 The smack that should have been extremely normal, now had the strength of a bear!


 Fang Yuan could not dodge in time and hurriedly put up his arms to stiffly block it.


 Boom.


 With a huge bang, he was sent flying, the white light armor on his body flickered rapidly before dimming.


 His arms were numb and would not be usable for some time.


 He did his best to maintain his balance in midair; he twisted his waist and landed on the ground on his feet.


 The moment he landed, he activated the canopy Gu; the white light armor appeared once more, but this time it looked weak and transparent, its defense had decreased by a lot.


 "That is a bear strength phantom, Tang Xiong has flared up!"


 "Bear strength specializes in smacking, it is normal for the bear strength phantom to appear since Tang Xiong has already attacked so many times."


 "The situation was still in deadlock, but with the bear strength phantom, that kid’s momentum is destroyed. Tang Xiong holds the upper hand now."


 "According to the previous statistics, Tang Xiong can use the bear strength phantom five times on average in every fight. If that kid has no way to deal with it, he will definitely be defeated."


 Outside the battle stage, the audience kept on making a commotion with their comments.


 The appearance of a bear strength phantom meant the true battle was starting, and it roused the audience’s passion.


 "I have the strength of two boars and a crocodile; boar strength is good at charging attacks and crocodile strength is good at bite attacks, but I have yet to acquire the bear strength. I can’t bring out the beast phantom by using my fists or palms, moreover the canopy Gu is not good at defending against close combat attacks, and will likely be destroyed by one or two more attacks from the bear strength phantom."


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts flashed through and he decided to change his battle tactics.


 Jumping grass.


 He willed, and a spring like grass soon grew out from his soles then pierced through his boots.


 Just as Tang Xiong was charging at him, Fang Yuan stamped on the ground and leapt far away like a frog.


 At the same time, his left palm swiped at Tang Xiong’s direction.


 A scarlet colored moonblade immediately shot out of his palms and struck Tang Xiong; the defensive light on his body flickered for a while.


 Blood moon Gu might not have high offensive power, but it was a rank three Gu after all.


 Tang Xiong was distracted for a moment before he pounced upon Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan used the same trick again, throwing scarlet moonblades from afar; he had changed his battle tactics and didn’t engage Tang Xiong in close combat.


 Tang Xiong had no choice but to use his movement Gu and chase after Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan kept on attacking and retreating. It was not that Tang Xiong didn’t have long range attacking methods, but they were many times weaker than his close combat power and simply could not threaten Fang Yuan.


 Tang Xiong growled repeatedly in anger, and tried to provoke Fang Yuan by cursing at him; the audience also made booing noises since they wanted to see intense close combat.


 However, how could Fang Yuan be so easily provoked?


 He did not have a complete set of Gu worms and had yet to make close combat his forte. Even the long range attacks were forcefully improvised by him.


 Time passed by, both their primeval essences continually fell.


 Fang Yuan’s advantage became clearer; he possessed light silver primeval essence of rank three initial stage, while Tang Xiong only had B grade aptitude and red steel primeval essence.


 Despite the strength path Gu Masters’ advantage in consuming very little primeval essence, they could not last forever.


 By the time Fang Yuan’s blood moon Gu made five to six wounds on Tang Xiong’s body, the latter had no choice but to admit defeat since his healing Gu was not very good and blood kept on flowing out of the wounds.


 "Just wait, one day, I will smack you into minced meat!" Tang Xiong covered his wounds and walked out of the stage.


 He came with the aggressiveness of the devil but was leaving with a pale face, his steps light and weak.


 "To think fourth inner city’s Tang Xiong was defeated!"


 "What is that Gu? It could form blood red moonblades and blood kept on flowing out of the wounds it inflicted, I have never seen such a Gu before."


 "This kid is not one to trifle with, he will advance to fourth inner city’s battle stage before long."


 Winner takes it all; most of the audience focused on Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan received his third victory, and according to the rules, he took that grand bear Gu from Tang Xiong.


 This was the most valuable Gu in Tang Xiong’s possession. With this Gu gone, Tang Xion only possessed the strength of two bears, his battle strength decreased by thirty percent and there was no need to worry about him now.


 However, Fang Yuan was not happy.


 The legendary Gu was not in the stellar stone used as a leg support, then where was it?


 Was there another piece of stone used as a leg support?


 However, when Fang Yuan went back to the gambling den, the foot of that counter was already restored.


 Maybe, it was not that gambling den?


 Fang Yuan inwardly shook at the thought; stellar stone used to support counter in the rock gambling zone, only this gambling den fulfilled this condition.


 "Without the legendary Gu, I won’t have any advantage in walking on the strength path. Strength path had prevailed since ancient times, but now it is just a shadow of its previous glory. If I want to walk on the strength path without the legendary Gu, at the very least I will need an ancient strength path inheritance. Unfortunately, I only have memories of three ancient strength path inheritance, of which one is at Eastern Seas and another at Central Continent."


 "The third one is at Southern Border, but has already been occupied and exploited by Wu Clan for several years now. Now that I recall it, even Empress Wu Ji of Wu Clan walked the strength path. And because of this ancient inheritance, the Wu Clan was able to sit on the throne of Southern Border’s number one force."


 Of course, this throne was only referring to the mortal realm. Rank six Gu immortals were at a level that crossed the ordinary and could not be calculated in this.


 Fang Yuan continued to secretly investigate the next seven to eight days without any results.


 "Sigh, only one clue remains now, I can only give up if that doesn’t work." Fang Yuan thought, he was not someone who would waste time on an unsolvable problem.


 This final clue was Li Ran — the protagonist who obtained the legendary Gu in Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Any guesses what happened to the legendary Gu? (Is this considered third chapter today?)



***
Chapter 282: A flash of inspiration Gu


***





 Chapter 282: A flash of inspiration Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Although Fang Yuan had the purple thorn token, he did not dare to investigate this openly.


 But in his memory, Li Ran also participated in the battle stage. After obtaining the legendary Gu, he won his way up and swept the battle stage.


 This made it easier.


 Fang Yuan still had the once per month enforced challenge unused, thus, he came to the secret reception area using it.


 There were three people who were named Li Ran among the ones who had signed up.


 Two males and one female.


 Eliminating the female since Li Ran was a male in the rumors.


 The remaining two, one was an old man around sixty years old, slightly famous. With rank three cultivation, he had gone up to third inner city’s battle stage a few years ago, but his body was getting worse as the years went, falling back to fourth inner city eventually. This was obviously not the Li Ran Fang Yuan wanted to find either, since Li Ran in his memories had a tough life.


 The other is a middle aged man, over fifty years old. With rank two cultivation, he had arrived in Shang clan city for around ten years, but had remained at the fifth inner city battle stage. He loved gambling, and lived a difficult life. He had married and bore children in Shang clan city, but the couple did not get along and separated.


 Fang Yuan secretly investigated, and found that this person was the one he saw at the gambling den.


 Tailing him for several days, Fang Yuan found that this Li Ran lived from day to day, sometimes, after eating today, he could not afford food the next day.


 But this did not mean he had no capabilities.


 He relied on the primeval stones he earned in fifth inner city battle stage to survive.


 Fang Yuan investigated his battle records, he won more than he lost.


 According to logic, he should not be living such a life. But this person loved to eat, gamble and visit prostitutes, he spent his money without restraint. In order to gamble, he would even use all the primeval stones he has, such that for the next half a month, he would have to borrow money from people, and eat the cheapest food possible to survive.


 Similarly, in order to have a feast, he would go to the highest grade restaurant, and spend most of the money he had. He even ate without paying, and still owed several restaurants money now.


 "This person must be the owner of the legendary Gu in my previous life. But he could not control his desires, thus even with the legendary Gu, what could he do? No wonder he was like a shooting star, going missing soon after his fame." Fang Yuan shook his head secretly.


 "He obtained the legendary Gu in my previous life, would he get it again now? It is not possible for me to continue tailing him for long. The day where he finds the legendary Gu is nearing. Am I truly not fated to receive this Gu?" Fang Yuan frowned.


 These days, Fang Yuan spent a lot of time and effort in tailing Li Ran. If he spent this time on cultivating, he might achieve greater success.


 Most importantly, Fang Yuan had no confidence of whether he would gain anything from doing this.


 And if he continued, he might get found out. Thankfully, Wei Yang was a busy man, only coming over to watch when Fang Yuan had a battle, if not, Fang Yuan would not have the opportunity to tail Li Ran.


 If Wei Yang found him doing this, how would Fang Yuan explain himself?


 The greatest suspicion now was, why was the legendary Gu not inside the stellar stone, this did not match with the rumors!


 Fang Yuan could not understand, this was too unimaginable! All the elements were present, but the Gu was nowhere to be found.


 It could just be Fang Yuan’s overwhelmingly suspicious nature, but he found this Li Ran very strange. He could not pinpoint what the strangeness was, but it was a feeling, an instinct. It was such a baseless feeling that even Fang Yuan could not be sure of it.


 LIke this, after another twenty over days, Fang Yuan fell into deep perplexity. That strange feeling became stronger, but Fang Yuan did not know where it originated.


 Li Ran’s actions had nothing amiss.


 He lived in Shang clan city for nearly ten years, if there was anything wrong with him, outsiders would’ve known already.


 "I am too entrenched into this, and have thought about this too much. At this time, I need an outsider’s opinion to inspire myself." Fang Yuan was clear of his situation.


 But he only trusted himself, although he made a poison vow with Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan did not trust Bai Ning Bing one bit. He only used her to cultivate, since the bone flesh unity Gu was much better than the liquor worm.


 Without anyone to help, Fang Yuan could only rely on himself. And he had gotten used to relying on himself, and liked it too.


 Thus, he came to the shop: "Shopkeeper, do you have a flash of inspiration Gu?"


 Fang Yuan had asked a few shops, they did not have it. Finally, a shop had it, but it was priced at twenty nine thousand primeval stones.


 A flash of inspiration Gu, a rank three consumable Gu, gone after one use. Who would spend so much primeval stones to buy this?


 But the truth is, many people did.


 These people were recipe masters who specialized in creating Gu refinement recipes.


 When they got into a bottleneck, and were a step from success, they would choose to use this Gu. Once this Gu was used, it would give them that spark of inspiration that would allow them to successfully create the new recipe.


 A recipe’s worth is far greater than twenty nine thousand primeval stones.


 Thus, a flash of inspiration Gu was a Gu with a lot of demand, if Fang Yuan did not have the purple thorn token, the shop would never sell it to him.


 A similar Gu to the a flash of inspiration Gu is the cactus pointer.


 But the latter was a Tie clan specialty grass Gu, it was not sold in the market.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, buying this a flash of inspiration Gu.


 This Gu was like a blue jewel tadpole, small and agile, swimming about and waving its tail.


 Fang Yuan activated his primeval essence, and this Gu entered his brain, turning into a white spiritual light, and like lightning, tore across the layers of mystery in Fang Yuan’s head.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, finally realizing what the strange feeling was.


 "That’s right, although this Li Ran’s life is a mess, without any control over himself, there exists a pattern among this mess. He goes to the restaurant once every three days, goes to the gambling den twice every seven days, and the brothel once every five days. And every ten days, he would go to a restaurant named ’Fu Tai Xiang He’.


 From the messy report, under the influence of the a flash of inspiration Gu, the pattern within was revealed .


 This was the strange part.


 If a person was truly unrestrained and did not think of what to do, his life would be a complete mess, how could it have such a perfect rhythm?


 Three days later, in Fu Tai Xiang He restaurant.


 "Clerk, the bill." Li Ran looked away from the window, calling loudly.


 "Coming, lord Li Ran, five and a half primeval stones please."


 "This is six, no need for change." Li Ran tossed out six primeval stones.


 "Thank you lord, take care!"


 Dun dun dun...


 Li Ran walked down the stairs, and as he walked out of the restaurant, he turned into an alley and gradually vanished under the shadow.


 Downstairs, Fang Yuan observed silently, before calling the shop assistant, pointing at Li Ran’s seat: "The view here is horrible, I want to sit there instead."


 According to his understanding, every time Li Ran came here, he would sit at the window seat, that was indeed strange.


 "No problem!" The shop assistant laughed: "It is a man’s interest to peek at beauties."


 "What?" Fang Yuan’s eyebrows raised.


 "Hmm, isn’t esteemed customer trying to see Qin Yan brothel’s number one star, Lady An Yu? Hehe, that seat can directly look into her room, if you’re lucky, you can even see her body. That Li Ran earlier, he always sits here to look at her. He always makes me reserve the seat for half a primeval stones." The shop assistant said with a lecherous expression.


 "Oh is that so?" Fang Yuan replied curtly, sitting at Li Ran’s seat.


 Through the window, he could indeed see into the brothel.


 Qin Yan brothel had eight storeys, the number one lady An Yu was a rank two Gu Master, having a room at the top floor. She had a great body, and her Gu Master identity could invoke men’s conquering desires, rumors say it takes almost ten thousand primeval stones to have her for a night.


 With Li Ran’s fortune, he could not afford this, but was he really here to peek at Lady An Yu?


 Looking at the way he left the brothel, he was not such a man.


 Fang Yuan looked outside, there were many restaurants around Qin Yan brothel, why did he choose this one?


 If he had a Gu worm to improve his vision, then maybe, but Fang Yuan knew he did not have such a Gu.


 At this distance, even if Lady An Yu was there, he would only see a blur image.


 "Eh? This is..." Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated on a tofu shop opposite the street.


 A pair of mother and son were packing up their stall, ready to go home.


 Fang Yuan recognised them, they were Li Ran’s wife and son!


 "Don’t tell me, his real motive was to look at them?" Fang Yuan could not help but think.


 He closed his eyes, and the map of the street appeared in his head.


 There were better places to peek at Lady An Yu, but to observe this mother and son pair, this was the only spot!


 "If he really wanted to look at them, why does he have to do it sneakily? According to my findings, he abandoned them years ago, is he feeling guilty? Strange... if he was guilty, and wanted to show concern for them, he could appear in front of them personally, why does he have to be secretive."


 "No, it could be that he was too ashamed to face them. But if he was, why would he not turn over a new leaf? This is really weird, he seems to be a mess, and cannot restrain himself, but his life is actually an orderly mess. This evidently shows he has good control over himself."


 Fang Yuan’s eyes were eerie as possibilities flashed across his mind.


 He chewed on the food, but could not taste them at all.


 He felt himself nearing the truth, like a blind man in a room getting close to the door.


 All the clues and suspicions flew around in his head like a tornado.


 Such a thinking speed, caused his eating action to be greatly slowed.


 He slowly put down the chopsticks, raising his wine glass, the wine inside glimmering as it emitted a strong fragrance.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s black pupils expanded!


 The wine glass was raised halfway, and his arm stayed in midair, not moving like a statue.


 In his mind, a bolt of lightning struck and exploded.


 "So that’s why... I finally understand!"


 He screamed excitedly in his heart, as a great brilliance flashed across his eyes like lightning.


 The mystery involving his last life and current life had finally been solved, all the suspicions were lifted and Fang Yuan found the answer he wanted!


 At the same time, he ’found’ the legendary Gu he lost!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 We’re finally getting there... PS: I know we hit rank 40, 3rd chapter will be at the same time as previously.



***
Chapter 283: Got it


***





 Chapter 283: Got it


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Wu Ran, if we ask you to sacrifice your future for the clan, are you willing to do it?"


 "I am willing!"


 ...


 "Wu Ran, if we ask you to sacrifice your reputation for the clan, are you willing to do it?"


 "I am willing!"


 ...


 "Wu Ran, if we ask you to sacrifice your life for the clan, are you willing to do it?"


 "I am willing!"


 ...


 "I was right about you, Wu Ran. From your grandfather, father, and then you, you were all loyal Wu clan subjects! Now, the clan has a mission for you, this mission would need you to sacrifice your future, your reputation, and maybe even your life."


 "Lord clan leader, I am willing to do it for the clan!"


 ...


 In the darkness, Wu Ran opened his eyes.


 " Huff ..." He breathed out slowly, sitting up from his bed, muttering: "I dreamed again."


 This dream was not fake, but originated from the deepest part of his memory.


 ’Li Ran’ is his fake name, his real name is ’Wu Ran’.


 The surname Wu, bore great significance in southern border. It represented the number one overlord in the southern border, Wu clan!


 Eleven years ago, Wu clan leader Empress Wu Ji gave an audience to Wu Ran, and assigned him a secret mission —


 Making his way into Shang clan’s higher up level!


 For this, he changed his name, and roamed the wilderness for three years before settling in Shang clan city.


 He laid low for eight whole years.


 "It has been eight years, an entire eight years. Wu clan’s clansmen have mostly forgotten me by now huh? Wu Ran is dead, in this world, only Li Ran remains."


 Li Ran sighed in his heart.


 He had been lurking for too long. So long that he almost forgot his own name.


 Here, he wore a mask, living for eight years, pretending to be a libertine, an ordinary Gu Master of the lowest social level. Even to his beloved wife, he did not say a thing.


 During this period, he only left once every half a year to contact Wu clan. It had always been a one-sided contact, hiding all traces to the limit.


 Until a year ago, the agent informed him that the clan was going to use him. His excitement then could not be expressed in words!


 "After eight years, they have finally activated it, everything will be different now!" Li Ran exclaimed. He willed, and a Gu appeared from his storage.


 This fossil was cube shaped, like a brick shining with star light on its surface.


 This was a stellar stone.


 If Fang Yuan was here, he would find that this rock was very similar to the rock used as a leg support in the gambling den.


 Li Ran caressed this fossil gently, frowning slightly.


 As a spy, he spent ten years lurking in the city, creating a perfect background for himself. It would definitely gain Shang clan’s trust.


 But trust is not enough, he needed ability that surpasses the ordinary man, so that he can dominate the battle stage. Only then would Shang clan recruit him, and make him into an external clan elder like Wei Yang, thus gaining authority in Shang clan.


 This ’ability’ had to appear naturally, and it cannot be too abrupt.


 Thus, Wu clan leader Empress Wu Ji chose a Gu worm for him personally.


 This was a Gu that possessed a legendary tale.


 Obtained from an ancient strength path inheritance, it is an almost extinct Gu in the current world, it was extremely rare!


 With this Gu, Li Ran can emerge from his slumber and dominate the battle stage.


 As to the method of ’obtaining’ this Gu, to avoid suspicion, Wu clan had made preparations.


 That is, gambling rocks.


 Luck is unpredictable, and an ancient Gu being sealed within a fossil was completely normal.


 The demonic Gu Master Wei Shen Jing was a subordinate of Empress Wu Ji. Creating a fake scrap grade fossil was as easy as pie, no one would be able to discern it.


 Li Ran spent some effort too.


 To make sure people believed this was a fossil from the gambling den, and not his own, he chose a gambling rock that was used as leg support in the gambling den.


 This rock was there for many years, people walked about and never noticed it.


 Li Ran had communicated with Wu clan, asking Wei Shen Jing to create a similar stellar stone.


 Later in his plan, he would swap this rock with the stellar stone in his hand without anyone noticing. He was a Gu Master, after observing for half a year, he knew when was the perfect time to swap the stones without anyone realizing.


 When he finally opens the stellar stone, the entire gambling den would testify for him, that it was completely due to luck.


 After he obtains this Gu, he would turn over a new leaf, and start the story of a prodigal son. He would rise up, find his wife and child, and become an external clan elder of Shang clan. He would complete his mission, and bring his wife and child back to Wu clan, where they belong.


 Thinking of his wife and son, Li Ran felt extremely guilty.


 He loved his wife deeply, she is so kind, so strong willed.


 At the same time, as a father, he would love to give everything good in this world to his son.


 He was only making use of her at the start, but as time went on, their relationship deepened, and he could not stop loving her. After their son was born, his love for them only grew. But eventually, because of his mission and secret identity, he had to temporarily leave them.


 "You must hate me now, I’ve disappointed you too much. But it is alright, soon, soon. I have been deployed, I can bring you happiness!"


 Li Ran gripped his fists, his eyes shining with determination.


 Tomorrow, he would go to the battle stage, and engage in a battle. The day after, he would bring this stellar stone to the gambling den, and perform his life changing show.


 "I had planned to use that stone as a cover, but life is hard to predict, someone actually chose it. Heh, that idiot, choosing a scrap grade stellar stone. But... tomorrow, I will have to be an idiot too."


 Li Ran laughed, keeping the stellar stone back into his storage Gu.


 Although there was some changes to his plans, it was still fine. He had planned for such a small accident anyway.


 He laid down once more, and soon, fell into deep sleep.


 This time, he did not have any dreams.


 On the second day, he felt great, energetic and full of hope.


 He felt that he was like a tourist walking in a dark cavern. After a long journey, he finally saw the light ahead, the exit of the cavern!


 Eight years of enduring, everything would become so wonderful!


 Everything would definitely become perfect!


 With such a belief, he arrived at the battle stage.


 He had gotten information of the opponent this time, a rank two peak stage Gu Master often seen in fifth inner city’s battle stage, he was a familiar face.


 Even the weakest Gu Master, if they can roam in the battle stage without giving up, they have the ability to hold their own.


 Li Ran did not look down on his opponent, the Gu Li Ran currently had were quite weak and not considered high quality. He had to conceal himself as well, unable to fight fiercely, thus, this battle could go either way.


 Indeed, as they fought, it was as Li Ran predicted.


 From probing to fighting, the two were evenly matched, at a stalemate.


 The battlefield was ravaged, and the few spectators gasped at the scene.


 Suddenly, Li Ran’s eyes shone brightly.


 A chance!


 He found a weak point of his opponent, and was about to attack.


 Suddenly, his heart hurt, and his body stiffened; the counter attack from his opponent sent him flying.


 Li Ran was heavily injured, groaning in pain. His body flew more than ten steps back, until he stopped himself.


 A trace of blood fell from his mouth.


 However, the severity of his injuries was on par with the shock and fear in his heart right now!


 "My flowerbud Gu, my flowerbud Gu! How did it lose connection with me? The stellar stone is inside it!!"


 At the same time, at Li Ran’s residence.


 The bed was flipped over, showing a secret compartment.


 Fang Yuan stood beside it, holding a flowerbud Gu in his hand.


 This Gu was rank two, used to store items. It was shaped like a flower, light blue in color but was crystal in material, shining clearly under sunlight.


 Although it was Li Ran’s Gu, with the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, Fang Yuan instantly refined it.


 Fang Yuan’s mind went into the Gu, and saw many things inside. A large sack of rice, some daily necessities, a poor quality block of compressed tea, thirty to forty primeval stones and a few fossils.


 "This is it!" Fang Yuan’s heart trembled, as he activated his primeval essence, and a black light flew out of the flowerbud Gu.


 The black light landed in Fang Yuan’s palm, turning into a stellar stone.


 It looked extremely ugly, squarish and resembled a brick, almost the same as the leg support rock.


 The moment the stellar stone appeared, the entire world seemed to have went silent.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils expanded.


 Thump thump... thump thump...


 His heartbeat accelerated, he could clearly hear it.


 Including this shabby house and the people walking outside, the surroundings faded away; only Fang Yuan and the stellar stone were left.


 He held the heavy stellar stone, and he could feel the cold surface of the rock.


 Fang Yuan stared at it passionately, at the same time, his lips curled up as he smiled.


 His smile widened, until he opened his mouth and laughed silently!


 The legendary Gu, is finally in my hands!!!


 He screamed in his heart: "Just as I guessed, this Li Ran is a spy from another clan! When I was at Qing Mao mountain, I used the gambling rock to conceal my liquor worm, he is doing the same thing. No wonder the stellar stone was empty, my previous life’s rumor was all part of his act."


 "Today, he is going to the battle stage to fight. Whether he concealed his strength or not, according to his previous records, the opponent is around the same level as him, it would be a tough fight. The legendary Gu’s stellar stone is so important, it will be tough to fight if he brings it around. With his vigilant nature, he would not hide the stellar stone in the storage Gu and bring it around."


 Because if he lost the battle, his opponent would get to take one of his Gu worms.


 He knew there was a legendary Gu within the stellar stone, if his opponent took his storage Gu, he would lose the stellar stone!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Good job Sherlock. You guys had some dark thoughts... I hope Fang Yuan’s purity can influence you to be righteous and kind -w-



***
Chapter 284: One, Two, Five


***





 Chapter 284: One, Two, Five


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "I admit defeat!" Li Ran suddenly half kneeled on the ground, shouting loudly.


 His opponent stopped charging forward, holding back his attack as he did not want to drive Li Ran into a corner. There was no benefits in doing that for both parties.


 Li Ran spit out a mouthful of blood, standing up shakingly.


 In order to quickly leave the battlefield, he purposely took a few hits from his opponent.


 The hosting Gu Master walked in front, announcing the results of the battle.


 Li Ran was extremely anxious, after taking back the vine information Gu, he quickly left the battle stage after pretending to be dejected.


 He half-heartedly bandaged his injuries before rushing back to his house.


 "God damn it, how can this happen? What in the world happened, why did I lose connection with flowerbud Gu?"


 Li Ran’s heart was engulfed by a dark cloud.


 The flowerbud Gu was a Gu he had refined, the moment Fang Yuan refined it, he could sense it.


 "Only two possibilities exist for such a situation. One is that the flowerbud Gu was destroyed, the second is that someone else refined it! Was I discovered? No, maybe the situation isn’t as bad as I imagine, a burglar could’ve entered my house. F*ck, I have lived in Shang clan city for eight years, I know almost all the thieves there are, why would someone want to steal from that house of mine!"


 Li Ran walked quickly, the stellar stone was extremely important, even with his calm nature, he could not help but feel anxious.


 He was regretting.


 He should’ve hid the flowerbud Gu at a safer location, and not place it in the secret compartment under his bed.


 But the truth is, that was not his fault.


 He had gone undercover, to conceal himself, he did not have any friends, and for the last few years, he had not contacted his wife or child. He often went to brothels, gambling dens, restaurants, those areas were full of people and he could not hide anything there.


 He could hide it at a pawn shop, but placing so much attention on a scrap grade fossil was too peculiar. When Shang clan investigates in the future,that would create huge suspicion.


 In Shang clan city, all sorts of people existed, there were many thief Gu Masters. But to forcefully take over the flowerbud Gu, a rank three Gu is required. The problem is, why would any rank three Gu Master want to steal from a run down place like his?


 Li Ran had lurked for eight years, so long that he almost forgot his past. When he hid the flowerbud Gu, he was very confident but now his confidence turned into regret and self blame.


 "Hopefully, the situation can still be salvaged!"


 He returned to his home feeling uncertainty, the door was closed.


 He opened it, and saw the place was in a mess.


 "It was a thief!" He suddenly had a thought.


 Encountering a thief was not scary, as long as his identity was not exposed, all could be salvaged.


 "That’s right!" Li Ran consoled himself: "Every time I contacted Wu clan, it was a one-sided transmission. There are no evidence on me, and that legendary Gu is inside the stellar stone. If it is not opened, who would know the value of it? As long as I find the thief, with my eight years of experience in this city..."


 As he thought about it, he calmed his emotions, and stopped panicking.


 "Should I report the case? Using the guards’ ability to arrest the thief? No, I should be polite before resorting to brute force, it is best if I can get back the stellar stone peacefully. The city guards can’t be trusted too, they would not spend effort for a small fry like me. Maybe I should hire a Tie clan Gu Master?"


 "Eh? This is..." At this point, he concentrated, and found a Gu after flipping over his bed.


 Heart sound Gu!


 This Gu was rank two, green and black in color, around the size of a baby’s thumb. It was shaped like a conch shell, one end was large while the other end was tiny, and had a spiral appearance.


 "Heart sound Gu comes in pairs, it can allow two Gu Masters to speak internally within a hundred steps. Don’t tell me... the thief left this behind specially for me?!"


 Li Ran’s eyes shone with hesitation, but he gritted his teeth and placed the heart sound Gu into his ear, like a earplug.


 "Who are you?" Li Ran injected primeval essence, and activated the heart sound Gu, concentrating his mind and asked.


 "That question is not important. The important thing is, Li Ran is a fake name right? Hehehe." Soon after, Fang Yuan’s voice appeared in Li Ran’s head.


 That instant, Li Ran’s pupils shrunk as he looked like he was struck by lightning, stunned on the spot.


 "Not good, he found out my identity!" Li Ran was horror stricken.


 The situation had become the worst!


 But he was after all, a spy for eight years, even with this turn of events, he calmed his mind and spoke to Fang Yuan: "Fake name? What fake name, what do you mean?"


 He said as he carefully tiptoed, walking around in the shabby house.


 He next leaned on the wall, looking at the street outside the window.


 "The heart sound Gu has an effective range, only a hundred steps away at most, he must be near me." He rapidly thought of a solution.


 To use the heart sound Gu, one has to concentrate in order to speak, ordinary thinking would not be transmitted.


 But Fang Yuan was well aware of his mental state, lightly laughing: "Don’t bother acting Li Ran. I am not your enemy, as long as you cooperate, to express my sincerity, we can meet up."


 "Meet up?" Li Ran was shocked.


 Next, Fang Yuan’s voice rang in his head: "Now, walk out of your room and turn left around the door."


 "Why should I listen to you?" Li Ran called out in his mind.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "Don’t try to test how much I know, it is beyond your imagination. I will count to five, consider well."


 "One." Fang Yuan counted.


 Li Ran rapidly thought about the situation.


 Even though the flowerbud Gu was in the thief’s hands, they had no evidence that he was a Wu clan spy.


 He had lurked for eight years, how could there be evidence?


 "Two." Fang Yuan spoke casually.


 If at this time, he listened to Fang Yuan, and gets spotted by others, that would be concrete proof that he was a spy.


 But if he did not listen, what happens to the stellar stone?


 "Five." Fang Yuan continued to count.


 Li Ran’s mind was thrown into chaos, as he scolded: "God damn, can you even count properly?!"


 "Hehehe, it seems you have come to a decision." Fang Yuan laughed.


 Li Ran breathed deeply, his fists clenched tightly, as he gritted his teeth and left the house.


 He walked out of the door, and arrived at a busy street. Next, he turned left.


 About fifty steps later, Fang Yuan’s voice rang out again: "Turn right, at the third cross junction, turn left."


 "He can see my movements, he has to be beside me, but who?" Li Ran had sharp vision, like an eagle sweeping the crowd.


 "I would advise you not to look around, that is not your usual behavior. Hehe, after eight years, you want it all to go down the drain?" Fang Yuan quickly said.


 "Damn it..." Li Ran gritted his teeth till they squeaked, Fang Yuan’s threat made him lower his head as he looked ahead.


 Following Fang Yuan’s instructions, he turned and walked around in circles, until Fang Yuan told him to stop.


 "Turn around." Fang Yuan quickly followed: "In your vision, there should be a restaurant, go to the third storey, I will be waiting there."


 Li Ran looked, and his heart jumped.


 This restaurant, was the one he often came to, Fu Tai Xiang He restaurant.


 "Don’t tell me..." He had a bad feeling in his heart. The thief held so much information about him, it felt like he was stripped bare naked in the winter snow plains.


 He entered the restaurant.


 The familiar shop assistant looked at him, enthusiastically calling out: "Lord Li Ran, you are here, please come upstairs!"


 Li Ran’s grim face smiled slightly as he carried his utmost vigilance and ascended the ladder.


 Halfway through, before the second floor.


 "Wait." Fang Yuan suddenly said.


 Li Ran stopped his movement, asking: "What?"


 "Go downstairs, and out of the door." Fang Yuan instructed.


 Li Ran snorted, having no choice but to leave.


 The shop assistant looked at him, feeling confused, quickly asking: "What is the matter lord, are you not eating anymore?"


 Li Ran waved his hand, asking him to leave, as he walked out of the restaurant.


 "Opposite you, there is a shop selling baked pancakes, go buy a few." Fang Yuan continued.


 Li Ran’s eyes twitched, but he followed the instructions, buying a few pancakes.


 "Okay, now return to the third floor of the restaurant." Fang Yuan said again.


 Li Ran’s forehead was popping with veins as he held the pancake and returned to the restaurant.


 The shop assistant saw him entering again, looking at him weirdly: "Lord Li Ran, if you want to buy pancakes, just call me, I can buy it for you."


 "Scram." Li Ran shouted, scaring the shop assistant as he shuddered and stopped talking.


 He got to the third floor, and stopped after the ladder.


 "Continue, take two to three steps and turn left, you will see me." Fang Yuan instructed.


 Li Ran followed the instructions, as he walked around a pillar, and finally saw Fang Yuan, sitting at his usual spot.


 Next, he saw Fang Yuan stretch out his hand, inviting him to the seat. At the same time, he heard in his mind: "Please take a seat."


 Li Ran did not speak, quietly sitting before Fang Yuan, then staring at him without blinking.


 The truth is, Fang Yuan’s youthful appearance gave him a huge shock.


 When they conversed, Fang Yuan held him tightly by the collar, he subconsciously pictured the image of Fang Yuan as an unscrupulous middle aged man, or an elderly wearing a hat, hiding his face in the darkness.


 But the truth was completely the opposite.


 The voice from the heart sound Gu would always be tuned, it cannot ascertain age, but could easily determine the gender.


 If he did not see it with his own eyes, Li Ran would never have thought the mysterious man was so young!


 Fifth inner city’s street lights passed the windows and shone on Fang Yuan’s face. Although he had a plain look, his eyes were as black as ink, like an abyss, deep and mysterious.


 Li Ran memorised Fang Yuan’s face deep in his heart.


 Although this was the first time they met, he could swear, he would never forget Fang Yuan’s appearance in this life.


 Because it was due to this young man that all his plans were foiled, and in such a helpless way!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Eight years of experience heh.



***
Chapter 285: All-out effort Gu


***





 Chapter 285: All-out effort Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 On the dinner table, dishes and wine produced amazing fragrance.


 At the surrounding tables, some people were playing drinking games, some recited poems, others were playing around, it was a relaxed and fun atmosphere.


 Fang Yuan and Li Ran sat opposite each other, they looked very peaceful, but they were secretly sizing each other up. It was the calm before the storm. Li Ran had deep killing intent in his heart, and although Fang Yuan looked relaxed, he was also wary of Li Ran.


 "Who exactly are you?" Li Ran asked using the heart sound Gu.


 "I said before, that is not important. Pass the pancake to me." The first half was spoken internally, while the second sentence was using his mouth.


 Li Ran was stunned, before pushing the paper bag towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan opened the bag, taking out a pancake and biting, nodding: "Now this is the flavor I wanted, I’m so sorry for the trouble."


 Next, he used the heart sound Gu: "Do you know, I tailed you for several days below this restaurant, I got hungry and bought a pancake, and found it really delicious, want to try?"


 Li Ran had no mood to try the pancake.


 He snorted in his heart, asking: "Aren’t you afraid I’ll poison it?"


 But on the surface, he smiled and said: "It is no big deal, no trouble at all. Don’t forget we have a great relationship."


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed out loud, staring at Li Ran with deep meaning, transmitting in his mind: "You think I don’t know what Gu you have?"


 Li Ran smiled more brightly, but his heart sank.


 "He is trying to remind me! That’s right, the enemy is hiding in the shadows while I am out there, I did not even sense him tailing me these few days. He should’ve known all about me already. If I fight him now, there is a low chance of success, thus he used this pancake to warn me!"


 Fang Yuan saw Li Ran keeping silent, his eyes shifting around, and knew the warning got through, thus he took out the stellar stone.


 Li Ran’s gaze was attracted, but the stone was quickly taken away.


 The next moment, Fang Yuan’s voice rang in his mind: "Stop pretending, I know the all-out effort Gu is inside this."


 "WHAT?!" Li Ran’s heart shook like he had been struck by lightning.


 Even if he was a good actor, his expression changed showing fluster and fear.


 He had been hoping the secret of the stellar stone would not be exposed. After all, it came form Wei Shen Jing, there were no flaws, but to think the matter had worsened to this extent, the other party knew the all-out effort Gu was sealed inside!


 "Wait, the matter regarding the all-out effort Gu, only a few people know about it. Even I only knew about it soon after receiving it, how did he find out?"


 "The matter is complex now... I am confident there are no loopholes on my end, thus this should’ve been exposed on the clan side! Wu clan can send a spy like me here, Shang clan can also send theirs over. The few large clans in the southern border, they infiltrate each other, and there are spies everywhere, they should be clear of each other’s matters."


 "If not, how could he know about the all-out effort Gu? That’s right, I was so vigilant, how could I make a mistake and let him get a hold on me, or even suspect me? To think my home clan has been infiltrated to this extent, it is truly scary!"


 "But maybe that isn’t the case, in this world, there are too many special Gu worms..."


 Fang Yuan left Li Ran ample time to think.


 He was a smart person, the more he thought, the more suspicious he would get. Subconsciously, he would imagine Fang Yuan to be stronger, more mysterious, and scarier. That would make him feel inferior during the discussion.


 Fang Yuan played with the stellar stone, after a while, when the time was almost ripe, he continued transmitting his voice: "I want the all-out effort Gu."


 Li Ran was stunned, not understanding Fang Yuan’s deeper meaning.


 "But I know, if I take this Gu, I would face the wrath and revenge of your clan. Thus, I need your cooperation." Fang Yuan’s gaze was eerie.


 To be able to plot against Shang clan, they had to be an equally large clan. If Fang Yuan took the all-out effort Gu by force, he would be enemies with this clan.


 This stellar stone was like bait on a hook. If Fang Yuan wanted to eat this bait, he needed to avoid getting stuck on the hook.


 Li Ran revealed a mocking smile: "You want me to cooperate with you, what a joke, on what basis?"


 "Based on the fact that I do not want to be enemies with you. Even if I have the purple thorn token, I do not want to be enemies with you, because like you, I have people I want to protect." Fang Yuan said in his mind to Li Ran, as he looked out of the window.


 At the same time, he said with his mouth: "I heard that shop sells great tofu."


 Li Ran squinted, his eyes showing a ferocious gaze, screaming in his mind: "Are you threatening me?!"


 Fang Yuan shook his head, in his eyes, there were clouds drifting, as he showed a complex emotion on his face. Li Ran instantly caught his emotion, there were sadness, pain, helplessness, and fondness.


 "Are you not clear of your situation?" Fang Yuan said in his mind: "People like us, squeezed between two strong forces, living on the edge everyday, hiding our emotions in the depths of our hearts, and could die anytime. Since we chose this path, we can only continue walking on it. It is all for the clan, we have no regrets. But some people, they are innocent, why should they be implicated into our business, and bear the risks for us?"


 Li Ran’s heart stirred, staring at Fang Yuan in disbelief: "You... are a spy too?"


 Fang Yuan laughed helplessly, in a bitter tone: "What do you think?"


 Li Ran saw this smile, and his eyes watered, as he stared tightly at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not have a tint of unnaturalness, as he turned to look outside the window.


 Li Ran knew he was looking at his own wife and children.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was so gentle, so dazed, as if he was recalling certain memories.


 Li Ran did not think he was acting, because this youngster was too young, how could he fake such true emotions? Even at his age, Li Ran could not act to this level.


 This was his true emotions!


 Unknowingly, a sense of acceptance towards Fang Yuan grew in his heart.


 As people in similar situations, they did not need a deep relationship to understand each other.


 Fang Yuan blinked, looking back at Li Ran, and said: "Li Ran, you have lurked in Shang clan city for eight years. If your identity is exposed, your mission would fail. Your failure may cause you to lose your life, but more importantly, the clan would suffer a loss, and you would let down their expectations."


 Li Ran clenched his fists.


 Fang Yuan’s words pulled the strings in his heart.


 He was loyal to the clan, almost religiously. Otherwise, the clan would not have chosen him to be the spy.


 Fang Yuan said again: "If you fail, your wife would lose her husband. Your son is only five now, he would lose his father. If your identity is exposed, there is a high chance of them dying because of you. You only have one step left to succeed, the position of clan elder is your goal, am I right? But do you think that is the end? No, you will continue lurking, as long as Shang clan existed, the clan would need your spying."


 Li Ran gritted his teeth.


 Fang Yuan’s words hit the nail on the head.


 All these things, did he not consider them? He only dared to think about them for a moment before stopping. The more he thought about it, the more pressure he felt, the future was really too long, it would cause him to lose the courage to continue!


 "Thus, you need alliance mates, brother Li Ran." Fang Yuan continued speaking: "You will not betray your clan, I won’t either. You have people you want to protect, so do I. We can cooperate, we need external force to ensure our family’s safety. We have to live in order to make contributions to our clans. And the Shang clan is our mutual goal."


 ’Of course, this cooperation is only in private. If our clans want to wage war, you will be the first person I will eliminate." After pausing briefly, Fang Yuan added.


 Li Ran snorted coldly, Fang Yuan’s truthful declaration only made his words more trustworthy.


 To him, loyalty to the clan is the top priority, next is his family, and then his own life.


 Fang Yuan’s suggestion catered to his three needs.


 "But can this person be trusted? We are from different forces, cooperation between spies is wishful thinking! Maybe... it is because he is young, and coupled with his intellect and courage, he thought of this method? If I was this young, I’m afraid... I may do the same... or not."


 The more Li Ran thought about it, the more he felt Fang Yuan’s sincerity.


 Most importantly, he had no other way out! He was completely exposed before Fang Yuan.


 If Fang Yuan exposed him, his mission would fail, his ten years of hard work would go up in flames, how could he accept this?


 Human nature is complex, they have this thing called fluke mentality.


 Li Ran was like someone who was driven to a cliff, with his enemies approaching, he could only jump down. Even if he did not know what was below the cliff, he would still pray that there is a water body below, or maybe he would be saved by some tree branches while descending.


 He fell into deep silence for a long time.


 After a few minutes, he used the heart sound Gu: "How can I believe you?"


 Fang Yuan smiled, taking out a poison vow Gu.


 ...


 Three days later, Fang Yuan opened the all-out effort Gu in the gambling den, causing the entire district to go into chaos.


 "Did you hear? Someone opened an all-out effort Gu in Lan Chao gambling den!"


 "Is that really the all-out effort Gu? It is a near extinct ancient Gu, able to summon the beast phantom a hundred percent of the time!"


 "You guys only knew now? Hehe, I know more than you. This extremely lucky person is called Gu Yue Fang Zheng. I don’t know why, but he has a purple thorn token. The all-out effort Gu was not supposed to be his, but was chosen by a Gu Master called Li Ran, but he knocked into Gu Yue Fang Zheng who decided to find problems with him, taking away three fossils from him as compensation. That all-out effort Gu was within those fossils."


 "Oh dear, he really is unlucky, the all-out effort Gu should’ve been his!"


 "This is fate..."


 "Lan Chao gambling den, no, I have to go take a look!"


 At once, rumors spread all over Shang clan city.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Not all problems are solved through killing, sometimes, you need mutual understanding, and sympathy for one another especially if you face the same hardships.



***
Chapter 286: A Small Test Run


***





 Chapter 286: A Small Test Run


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "This is the all-out effort Gu?"


 In the secret room, Wei Yang held this Gu in his hand as he exclaimed, strange light shining in his eyes.


 All-out effort Gu, it was shaped like a rhinoceros beetle.


 Now, it was sitting quietly in Wei Yang’s palm, its body was almost the size of Wei Yang’s palm, and was quite heavy.


 It was oval in shape, and had a strong armor exoskeleton. There was a strong horn on its head, looking heavy and powerful.


 It had three pairs of legs, all strong and thick. Its body was dark brown, and glistened with a metallic surface. People only needed one glance to know it was not ordinary.


 "That’s right, this is the rank three all-out effort Gu. Once used, it would summon a beast phantom, able to move according to my will." Fang Yuan was sitting on a cushion opposite Wei Yang, as he explained.


 Wei Yang breathed in deeply, handing the all-out effort Gu back to Fang Yuan.


 "At this timing, is it fate? Brother Fang Zheng, are you truly bent on the strength path?" He gave his last attempt.


 Fang Yuan nodded, not speaking, but his determined expression said everything.


 Wei Yang sighed again.


 If previously, he was confident of changing Fang Yuan’s mind, at this moment, after obtaining the all-out effort Gu, he knew that Fang Yuan’s decision was final, there was no hope in changing it.


 "Fate is really mystical, obtaining the all-out effort Gu would greatly help you on the strength path. The all-out effort Gu is undoubtedly the core Gu worm in assembling your set. If you are so determined, I shall say no more. But I have one final thing to remind you, just treat it as my nagging."


 Fang Yuan became serious: "Not at all, please give me your advice!"


 "Although you have the all-out effort Gu, times are different now. If this all-out effort Gu is your core, you have to ensure its safety. It is only a rank three Gu now, if you want to refine it into rank four or rank five in the future, there is too much danger in refining it if it is not your vital Gu. If the all-out effort Gu is destroyed in the process of refinement, your entire set would collapse without the core. Thus, my first advice to you is to convert it into your vital Gu. Shang clan can help you to achieve this."


 "To make a set, just one core is not enough, you need several important support Gu. Regarding this, you need to choose carefully, and think ahead. If your choice is wrong, it will not allow you to display the full value of all-out effort Gu. Sigh, actually, during ancient times, when strength path flourished, there were much more Gu worms that complemented the all-out effort Gu. Now, most of them are extinct, if you want to assemble a Gu set, you cannot use ancient methods, but can only explore this yourself."


 "I have another extremely important matter that you have to take note of. Although you have the all-out effort Gu, you have no corresponding refinement recipe. But thankfully, most of the recipes from the Olden Antiquity Era were passed down. There should be some in certain recipe masters’ hands, you have to collect them. If not..."


 Saying so, Wei Yang hesitated.


 "You can try your luck in exploring ancient strength path inheritances. Wu clan found such an inheritance several years ago, if you can find one, your future would be set. I really want to see the strength path flourish in your hands!"


 After saying these things, Wei Yang took his leave.


 Fang Yuan sent him off, and watched Wei Yang turn into light and fly away.


 Fang Yuan stood at the door of the secret room, his gaze concentrating.


 The advice Wei Yang gave, he had considered all of them long ago, and had plans already.


 He already had a copy of the all-out effort Gu’s recipe, obviously from Li Ran.


 Wu clan provided Li Ran the all-out effort Gu, they naturally gave him the recipe.


 But this recipe only allowed the rank three all-out effort Gu to reach rank four. Any higher, Fang Yuan needed to find out himself.


 But in this aspect, Fang Yuan was only rank three initial stage now, in the short run, he had no worries about the rank five refinement recipe.


 As for what Gu to choose, in order to complement the all-out effort Gu, and become support for the core, Fang Yuan had his plans.


 He had always been the type to walk one step and plan ten ahead, he was extremely confident.


 "The strength path Gu set, should use the all-out effort Gu as the core, self-reliance Gu and bitter strength Gu as the support. With a few other Gu worms accompanying, this set of Gu worms can be considered initial success. But to reach greater success, I have to rely on the three kings inheritance."


 Spending two to three years in Shang clan city, assembling a set of Gu and reach initial success stage.


 When the three kings inheritance activates, he will use the advantages of rebirth and add in useful Gu worms to cause his Gu set to reach greater success stage.


 This was Fang Yuan’s plans for the near future.


 "This plan has to be executed perfectly. Because after the three kings inheritance, it would be the righteous demonic battle at Yi Tian mountain, if my battle strength is not high enough then, I would not be able to gather enough benefits for myself. Time, is really tight..."


 As for the third, his vital Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s vital Gu is Spring Autumn Cicada, this cannot be changed.


 Then the refinement of the all-out effort Gu would be much more difficult. Since there is a risk to the Gu, the refinement would need to be done extremely carefully.


 If Fang Yuan was unlucky, and caused the all-out effort Gu to die during refinement, his set of Gu worms would lose their foundation, like a human without a soul.


 If that happens, the outcome would be disastrous, almost equivalent to Fang Yuan’s strength path cultivation being crippled.


 But, there were ways to ensure the all-out effort Gu survives during refinement even if it was not his vital Gu.


 Wei Yang did not know because he was a frog in a well.


 Fang Yuan knew three methods.


 First method was to head to the "Land of Bu Bai". This was the Bu Bai inheritance, far away in central continent, the sacred land for refinement masters.


 Secondly, he could use the undefeated hundred battles Gu, when refining Gu, it could ensure a hundred percent success rate.


 The third was also a Gu, called "green mountain remains". ’As long as the green mountain remains, one need not worry about firewood.’ Only by keeping something vital is there a chance for a comeback. Using this Gu, it can protect the core Gu, even if refinement fails and the other Gu are destroyed, the all-out effort Gu will still remain.


 The land of Bu Bai was too far away, it was impossible to get there. Undefeated hundred battles Gu, an extremely rare rank five Gu even during ancient times, right now it was extinct. "Green mountain remains" was in the hands of several refinement masters, this was a rank four Gu, it was difficult to obtain but there was at least some hope.


 "There is one undefeated hundred battles Gu in the three kings inheritance. If I can get it, the all-out effort Gu’s advancement to rank four would be ensured. Next, I can only think of other ways... now, it is time to replace everything."


 Fang Yuan had a careful nature, before he obtained the all-out effort Gu, even though he had hundreds of thousands of primeval stones, he did not spend them.


 Now that it is in his hands, he finally decided to act.


 He did not need to leave Nan Qiu garden, instead going to the study room and taking out a large number of invitations.


 Ever since he ’gambled’ and won the all-out effort Gu, rumors flew about in Shang clan city, and everyone were acting like cats who saw fish , swarming at Fang Yuan’s place.


 Fang Yuan had the purple thorn token, and attended Shang Yan Fei’s clan banquet before, he had a unique identity and no one dared to force him.


 They had sent all sorts of invitations, but Fang Yuan stayed in his house for several days, not meeting a single guest.


 Now, Fang Yuan took out the invitations, and saw that a portion were from recipe masters, hoping to meet Fang Yuan and become acquaintances, so that they can borrow the all-out effort Gu for research. A Gu from the Antiquity Era would be great help towards their recipe creation.


 Another portion were established Gu Masters, holding all sorts of titles, they either wished to spar with Fang Yuan or wanted to exchange Gu worms with him.


 But mostly, the invitations came from all the famous shops, and all the large clan’s Gu Masters, hoping to purchase the all-out effort Gu.


 Fang Yuan chose a small portion of them, and instructed his servants to send a message to them.


 Not long after, a group of Gu Masters came running.


 Fang Yuan met them at the reception hall: "I am not selling the all-out effort Gu, I am meeting everyone here today for other trading purposes."


 This caused everyone to be disappointed, but some did not give up, only after Fang Yuan’s firm attitude did they give up.


 Three hours later, a few business were settled, and everyone left.


 Two days later, the Gu worms arrived.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength surged, but he paid a huge price.


 Gu worms were seriously too expensive, he spent several hundred thousand primeval stones for them. The old man made of clouds in the primeval elder Gu was already hunching his back as he showed a painful and worried expression, in an extremely pitiful state.


 Another day later, Fang Yuan stepped into the battle stage.


 At once, everyone went wild.


 Outside the battle stage, people were crowding to the point where there was no walking space.


 His opponent was none other than Li Ran.


 He stared at Fang Yuan, his expression twisted and his eyes burned with fire, as he screamed: "Gu Yue Fang Zheng, you stole my opportunity, that is extremely despicable! Today, I will take back what belongs to me."


 "Hmph, who told you to knock into me? I asked for compensation but you refused to pay primeval stones. Those stones covered your debt, you were willing as well." Fang Yuan laughed coldly as he answered.


 The viewers outside started to discuss among themselves as they became extremely noisy.


 Fang Yuan and Li Ran’s conversation testified the truth behind the rumors these days.


 "Ahhh!" Li Ran grabbed his hair, screaming to the sky: "Fang Zheng, you tyrant, I was forced by you! I only knocked into you by accident, but you refused to let me go. Today, I will seek justice for myself!"


 Saying so, Li Ran pounced at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, seeing him get close, he willed.


 Vertical crash Gu.


 Howl!


 The winds blew as he took a step, and his body charged forward by fifty steps.


 Li Ran felt his vision blur as Fang Yuan had already charged up to him.


 All-out effort Gu.


 Fang Yuan willed, and light burst forth, forming the phantom image of a wild boar charging in mid air behind him.


 The wild boar was black and had sharp tusks, showing a fierce expression as the winds blew!


 "Not good!" Li Ran screamed, dodging.


 Fang Yuan charged right past him, although Li Ran was not hit head on, his arm was scratched.


 Next, with a ’crack’, his forearm bone broke, and the defensive light on Li Ran’s body vanished, as he fell to the ground, unable to get up.


 "Just one hit!"


 "Was that the all-out effort Gu?"


 "That Li Ran is too weak, he is definitely not Fang Zheng’s match!"


 Outside, the spectators exclaimed, expressing their shock.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Will Li Ran manage to take revenge and get back his Gu worm?



***
Chapter 287: Reputation Gu


***





 Chapter 287: Reputation Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan charged for fifty steps before he stopped. He turned around, facing Li Ran, about to launch his second attack.


 But Li Ran had already raised his hand, shouting loudly: "Wait, no more, I admit defeat!"


 Once he said so, the surroundings went quiet, before exploding.


 "What, no more?"


 "We spent primeval stones to come here and see the all-out effort Gu."


 "You coward, are you even a man, stand up and fight!"


 Everyone shouted furiously.


 Many people were angry and breathed roughly, feeling that their primeval stones were wasted, starting to grumble and scold. But a portion of the people understood Li Ran.


 "There’s no way to win, it is wise to concede."


 "That hit earlier showed their difference. If they continue, Li Ran’s life would be in danger.


 "This Li Ran is a veteran in the battle stage. With his rich experience, I am not surprised he did that."


 Clank.


 A loud ring from the bell, and this match was over.


 The spectators started to leave the stage, as Fang Yuan took his leave as well.


 "Fang Zheng, wait first." Li Ran suddenly called, stopping him.


 Fang Yuan frowned, turning around and looking at him: "What do you want?"


 Everyone’s footsteps halted.


 "Fang Zheng, you are indebted to me, but now you hurt and injured me, this is repaying kindness with vengeance, you have to compensate me!" Li Ran shouted.


 These words were shameless, he wanted to challenge Fang Zheng without knowing their difference, now that he got injured, how could he say his opponent was "repaying kindness with vengeance".


 Many people heard this and snorted, feeling disdain towards Li Ran.


 Challenging Fang Yuan forcefully, that was because he could not take it lying down, many people understood his emotions. But after losing, he still continued to pester Fang Yuan, that was going overboard.


 Fang Yuan shook his head, turning to leave: "Your brain was damaged by my attack too?"


 Many people jeered and laughed.


 But Li Ran struggled to get up, shouting at Fang Yuan: "Fang Zheng, I know your personality! You distinguish kindness and hatred clearly, the acclaimed ’a droplet received in need will be repaid with a whole spring, a spark of hatred will result in the burning of an entire forest!’ Shang Xin Ci showed you a little kindness and you risked your life to protect her, escorting her to Shang clan city. Shang clan leader wanted to reward you but you rejected all of them, saying that your kindness had been repaid. The Shang clan leader even had to force you to accept the purple thorn token!’


 "Fang Zheng, to be honest, I have done you a favor. If I did not choose that stellar stone, would you be able to get that all-out effort Gu? No! Hehe, nevermind if it is another person, but I know you, I understand you. Although you are oppressive and tyrannical, you have to repay kindness or you will be unable to sleep. Isn’t that so? Think about it, you owe me a favor, can you sleep tonight?"


 "Heh, that is because you have never seen Fang Yuan’s true colors!" Among the crowd, Bai Ning Bing heard Li Ran’s words and snorted coldly.


 Fang Yuan obtaining the all-out effort Gu had made her curious.


 After all, Fang Yuan was her rival.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan stopped in his steps.


 As everyone watched, he turned around and faced Li Ran, with a serious expression.


 "If you put it like that, it seems I owe you a favor. But firstly, it was because you offended me, and second, I cannot give the all-out effort Gu away. What do you want me to do?"


 Fang Yuan’s words made everyone who was leaving stop their steps and observe their conversation again.


 Bai Ning Bing gasped in her heart, feeling shocked.


 "Although the all-out effort Gu is rank three, it originated from the Olden Antiquity Era, it is considered unique now, its true value cannot be estimated. Give me a hundred thousand primeval stones, and your favor will be considered repaid!" Li Ran thought about it and said.


 "Is this Li Ran stupid?"


 "He dares to ask for such a ridiculous sum, such stupidity, sigh..."


 "Making such a request, he is so shameless!"


 Everyone shook their heads, feeling disappointed at Li Ran’s shamelessness.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, shaking his head.


 "A hundred thousand primeval stones is insufficient, I’ll give you two hundred thousand, that would put me at ease." Saying so, he waved his hand and summoned the primeval elder Gu, pouring all the primeval stones out.


 On the floor of the battle stage, a mountain of primeval stones appeared.


 "This is eighty thousand, that’s all I have now. I’ll give you the rest when I have money!"


 "What?!" Fang Yuan’s words sent everyone into shock.


 "He actually gave it? And... and even raised it to two hundred thousand!" Everyone was tongue-tied.


 "Did I see wrongly?! Although this Li Ran did not obtain the all-out effort Gu, getting so much primeval stones as compensation is almost as good." Everyone blinked, seeing those primeval stones, they almost drooled.


 "This Fang Zheng is really..." Many people saw Fang Yuan leave and felt weird in their hearts, not sure of what to say.


 Although they did not manage to see the power of the all-out effort Gu, hearing Li Ran and Fang Yuan’s conversation made the trip worth it.


 News about this battle quickly circulated, and spread around Shang clan city.


 The fact that Fang Yuan had a purple thorn token also circulated, resulting in people who had ill intentions to vanish without a trace.


 Many people started to be envious of Li Ran, while others also felt doubt towards Fang Yuan’s promise of two hundred thousand primeval stones.


 But no matter what, Fang Yuan’s ’distinguish kindness and hatred’ reputation also became well-known.


 Back at Nan Qiu garden.


 "Do you really intend to give that Li Ran two hundred thousand primeval stones?" Bai Ning Bing asked suspiciously.


 This was not Fang Yuan’s style at all.


 "Of course." Fang Yuan replied curtly. He was obviously not going to tell Bai Ning Bing that this was his secret agreement with Li Ran. Li Ran would act with Fang Yuan, and tell him the refinement recipe, while Fang Yuan compensates him two hundred thousand primeval stones.


 Bai Ning Bing was solemn for a while, not believing him, then laughing coldly: "Two hundred thousand just for a reputation, is it worth it?"


 Fang Yuan snickered: "Have you never heard the story of reputation Gu?"


 Bai Ning Bing’s gaze was hesitant: "What are you trying to say?"


 "Reputation is a bridge, one that allows people to cross through the abyss. Reputation is a travel token, more important and precious than the purple thorn token, it allows one to move about with ease. Two hundred thousand cannot even buy the purple thorn token, yet i spent that amount to obtain this reputation. This is the best trade in the world. Hahaha." Fang Yuan laughed.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, but thinking that he had a precognitive Gu, she chose to believe him for now.


 Regarding the reputation Gu’s story, it originated from the legends of Ren Zu...


 One time, Verdant Great Sun got very drunk, when he woke up, his head hurt and he forgot all that happened when he was drunk. He did not know why he was trapped on a lone hill, one which was surrounded by a bottomless abyss.


 The abyss was filled with spiral winds, pale green color, this was the ’usual wind’. The winds blew dust into the air, those were the dark yellow color ’mortal dust’.


 Verdant Great Sun’s heart sank, because he recognised that this was the ordinary abyss. No living being had ever managed to fly past it. He was trapped on this lone hill, unable to get out; he would die of starvation eventually.


 Thankfully, there was a forest on the lone hill. Verdant Great Sun was hungry, and came into this forest to find fruits to eat. But this forest was very strange, the black soil was like a swamp, smelling extremely pungent. The trees had no leaves, and the branches looked like strange claws. But when the wind blew, there was the sound of leaves moving in the wind.


 Verdant Great Sun could not find food, and fell into despair, knowing he was going to die soon.


 A few days later, he was so hungry he could not move, leaning on the tree trunk as he laid on the ground.


 He eventually fell unconscious.


 In his slumber, he could hear many voices talking.


 "Hey look, this person finally passed out."


 "Mm, as I expected, he’s finished."


 "Actually, it is possible to leave the ordinary abyss, you just need the reputation Gu."


 "Reputation Gu is at the center of the forest, hidden under a rock. Too bad he doesn’t know, hahaha..."


 "Sshhh, speak softer, it will be bad if he hears us."


 "It’s okay, it’s okay, he has fainted already, before long, the black soil will bury him, and turn him into nutrients for us trees."


 Hearing this, Verdant Great Sun jolted awake.


 It turns out this forest is Xi Yu forest, what he had thought was leaves brushing in the wind turned out to be the whispers of the trees.


 After hearing the information, Verdant Great Sun walked to the center of the forest, lifted the rock, and obtained the reputation Gu.


 Reputation Gu was like a chrysanthemum, its petals were golden yellow, emitting a fragrance.


 Reputation Gu said to Verdant Great Sun: "Young man, thank you for lifting the rock, and saving me. To repay you, I have decided to help you get across this ordinary abyss."


 Reputation Gu told Verdant Great Sun the method to use it.


 Verdant Great Sun was overjoyed, arriving at ordinary abyss, and placed the reputation Gu in his mouth, shouting as loud as he could...


 The strange thing was, no matter how loud he shouted, there was no sound, but the vibrations in the air caused the ordinary abyss to shake, as the commotion got bigger, it was like an earthquake. The air was even filled with a brilliant fragrance.


 Verdant Great Sun did not feel anything weird, as he had known from the reputation Gu: Reputation itself has no voice, but it can spread wide and create tremors.


 As he shouted, a golden bridge appeared in midair, but the bridge’s length was limited, there was still a long distance to the other side.


 Verdant Great Sun was too hungry, too tired, after trying several times, the effect continue to diminish, and his chance for salvation seemed dim.


 Reputation Gu sighed: "Sigh, you have not eaten anything in a while, even though you have a breath left in your stomach, it is too little. From your diaphragm, it has to go through your stomach, chest, throat, and finally your mouth, the journey is too long, we have to reduce it, here, place me between your two buttcheeks.


 Verdant Great Sun did as instructed.


 Reputation Gu landed near his private part, and turned into a chrysanthemum cave.


 "Okay, you can start shouting again." Reputation Gu said.


 Verdant Great Sun forced that last breath of his, out of this hole, out of his body.


 Prrrrrrrrt—


 In his daze, Verdant Great Sun heard a loud sound. The air was filled with an unimaginable stench, but that golden bridge became majestic and large, stretching over a thousand miles, reaching the other side.


 A shitty reputation compared to good reputation, is always easier to obtain and maintain.


 Verdant Great Sun quickly crossed the bridge, leaving the ordinary abyss and reaching the other side, saving his own life.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Life lesson out of nowhere. It takes a lot of effort to build a good reputation but a bad name spreads naturally on its own.



***
Chapter 288: The Crux of Strength Path Cultivation


***





 Chapter 288: The Crux of Strength Path Cultivation


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Eight days later.


 Nan Qiu garden.


 At the small square, the ground paved with starry stones shone under the starlight.


 Fang Yuan stood in the square with his hands folded, legs slightly open and his eyes closed. His breathing was deep and long.


 In front of him were a dozen stone pillars.


 Every stone pillars were twenty feet thick, and were dark and rigid. The stone pillars were spaced apart so that it almost covered the small square.


 Whish...


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and suddenly opened his eyes.


 At that very moment, a ray of lightning seemed to flash through the void!


 Dash!


 He took large steps forward and in a few steps reached a stone pillar.


 His steps stopped, he bent his waist before swinging his arms vigorously and punching at the pillar.


 Bang.


 With a dull thud, the stone pillar shook, stone fragments flew about and a spherical dent appeared on the pillar.


 Again.


 Fang Yuan held his breath then used his fists and palms to attack in turns. Not only that, he also used kicks, flying kicks, elbow strikes, knee strikes, shoulder bash... every part of his body became sharp, strong weapons.


 Bang bang bang....


 The dull sounds continued along with the stone pillar’s continuous shaking and the stone fragments scattering in the air.


 Fang Yuan attacked like a storm and gale in one breath, his attacks continuous and endless.


 Within seconds, the stone pillar was reduced to half, like a small tree in a storm.


 Crack.


 Fang Yuan whipped his leg horizontally as a clear sound echoed; the stone pillar that was already hanging by a thread could not endure it anymore and broke into two, falling into the ground.


 Fang Yuan relaxedly retracted his leg, his breath was only slightly affected and droplets of sweat seeped out of his forehead.


 He looked at the ground.


 The appearance of the two broken parts of the stone pillar were changed beyond recognition; their surfaces were filled with dents, results of Fang Yuan’s punches and kicks.


 "Indeed, it is difficult to bring out the beast strength phantom without using all-out effort Gu, and with just normal attacks."


 Ha!


 He shouted and in two large strides, he reached the nearest stone pillar.


 His right palm smacked heavily towards the stone pillar.


 Growl!


 A brown bear phantom image suddenly appeared in mid air behind Fang Yuan. It was quite plump, and its mouth was filled with dense white sharp fangs. At the same time as Fang Yuan, it raised its right palm and smacked, the movement strikingly similar to Fang Yuan’s.


 In that instant, Fang Yuan felt a sudden surge of strength in his right palm!


 BOOM.


 A huge sound thundered at the impact of Fang Yuan’s smack on the stone pillar.


 The stone pillar, which needed two people to wrap around it, immediately broke by the smack, producing a loud sound as it collapsed and formed a small pit on the floor.


 The countershock immediately struck Fang Yuan and shocked his right palm into numbness.


 Fang Yuan had been using brown bear innate strength Gu since he bought it and now he mastered it, increasing his strength by the strength of a bear.


 "I needed to hit the stone pillar dozens of times before I could break it. But after using the all-out effort Gu, I broke it in just one smack..."


 Fang Yuan clearly perceived the difference.


 All-out effort Gu was a support type Gu and not an attack type. But once used, it could produce a devastating blow!


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength before and after getting it was like the difference between night and day.


 Using a support Gu as the core was quite rare. Most of the Gu Masters used support Gu in their Gu set, as an assistance to the core Gu.


 For instance, Wei Yang used rainbow light Gu, a movement Gu, as the core; the offensive broadsword light Gu as one of the main support and light source Gu as another support. As a support, light source Gu could only decrease the primeval essence expenditure of light type Gu worms.


 However, the all-out effort Gu was completely capable of filling the core position even as a support Gu. Just from this, one could tell how precious it was.


 "But... canopy Gu might have impressive defense but it is too rigid. If I change it to golden shield Gu, there should be a clear difference in results." Fang Yuan pondered.


 During the punching and kicking test just now, he used canopy Gu, otherwise his hands and legs would certainly be destroyed.


 The effect of force is mutual.


 Although Fang Yuan’s bones were iron bones, his skin, flesh, tendons and blood were all normal. Without the use of canopy Gu, the smack attack just before would have mangled up his flesh and muscles, although his bones would be fine.


 However, golden shield Gu was temporarily not available.


 Fang Yuan also did not have money right now.


 At the start, he had over nine hundred thousand primeval stones, but Bai Ning Bing took half of it. Then, he spent a lot strolling around the rock gambling dens for all-out effort Gu. The expenditure for basic needs along with feeding his Gu worms were rather high especially in Shang Clan’s third inner city. Next, he used a lot of primeval stones to change his Gu line-up; eight days ago at battle stage, he gave eighty thousand primeval stones to Li Ran in front of everyone.


 Now, Fang Yuan not only had no money, he was also in debt. Because, according to the poison vow contract, he still needed to give a hundred and twenty thousand primeval stones to Li Ran.


 Fang Yuan knew this was a necessary investment.


 Reputation was second, the important thing was to stabilize Li Ran by showing an attitude of sincere cooperation, despite him already using eating one’s words Gu to disperse the poison vow Gu on him several days ago.


 Li Ran was an unexpected gain for Fang Yuan. There would be traces left behind if he killed Li Ran which would attract Shang Clan’s doubts and ruin his plans, so he did not do it.


 To Fang Yuan, Li Ran was a chess piece which was not easy to use but had its own use. Someday in future, he might be able to obtain the rank five refinement recipe for all-out effort Gu from Wu Clan through Li Ran.


 Right now, the most important thing was to stabilize Wu Clan through Li Ran.


 Three days earlier, Li Ran used the emergency contact method to contact the emissary. He expressed that Fang Yuan could be used well. Like this, the chance of Wu Clan taking revenge was small.


 Fang Yuan possessed purple thorn token which meant Shang Clan was paying attention to him. Fang Yuan was also a rank three Gu Master and his battle strength increased sharply with the all-out effort Gu. If Wu Clan really wanted to retaliate, they would have to send rank three or rank four Gu Masters. Mobilizing these elder level strengths would smash apart the tacit understanding of secret battles between high-tiered clans.


 The benefit of saving Li Ran was evident here.


 "Again." Fang Yuan swept away his unorganized thoughts and gave a low shout.


 He lowered his body, held his arms and with a shift of his mind, five percent of his light silver primeval essence poured into vertical crash Gu.


 Vertical crash!


 The Gu’s mystical ability immediately and uncontrollably sent his legs rushing forward.


 Bang bang bang!


 He dashed forward dozen of steps in a perfectly straight line, continuously knocking down three stone pillars. When he reached the fourth stone pillar, the pillar shook continuously but did not fall down in the end.


 This was the result of Fang Yuan not using all-out effort Gu.


 Vertical crash Gu was a movement Gu Fang Yuan bought, its ability was to break through by force.


 If there were no obstacles, the straight charging momentum could last for fifty steps before it stopped. If there were obstacles, the momentum would last for less than fifty steps.


 This Gu was more suitable for Fang Yuan compared to jumping grass.


 Jumping grass’s jumping ability came from the Gu worm’s strength, while vertical crash Gu’s strength came from Fang Yuan’s body.


 As Fang Yuan becomes stronger, the vertical crash Gu’s forceful break through ability would also increase. In the battle with Li Ran, Fang Yuan had used vertical crash Gu in combination with boar phantom; the combination was perfect and inflicted heavy injuries to Li Ran!


 Horizontal charge!


 Fang Yuan activated a Gu, his whole body immediately charged horizontally like a tyrannical crab, smashing the stone pillars.


 This was horizontal charge Gu and was similar to vertical crash Gu, except it charged horizontally.


 Fang Yuan had sold jumping grass and bought horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu as his movement Gu.


 These two Gu allow the Gu Master to exert force while moving and were extremely suitable for strength path Gu Masters. The movement itself became a means of attack.


 "When I reach rank four, I can then fuse these two Gu into charging crash Gu and continue using them."


 This was a long term investment which also indirectly saved money.


 Next, Fang Yuan alternatively used these two Gu and crashed here and there on the small square, like a wild bull.


 This time, he multi-tasked.


 Not only did he use horizontal charge Gu or vertical crash Gu alternatively, he also simultaneously used all-out effort Gu.


 The stone pillars were sent flying before collapsing fiercely on the ground and producing dull thuds now and then.


 "Using boar strength phantom can send five stone pillars flying and knock down eight. Using bear strength phantom can send seven pillars flying and knock down five. Using crocodile strength phantom can send three stone pillars flying and knock down four."


 Fang Yuan carefully experienced these subtle differences.


 It was clear that boar was suitable for charging and the longer the distance of the charge, better the result. Brown bear possessed formidable strength at first before becoming weaker later. As for the crocodile, it was clearly not suitable method for charging attack.


 "Right now, all-out effort Gu can only activate the phantom of one Gu. I can’t use boar strength phantom and bear strength phantom at the same time. That is to say, my strength of two boars is somewhat wasteful. If it was changed to some other beast strength, they could strengthen other aspects of attacking."


 "Now I have strength of two boars, strength of a bear and strength of a crocodile; this has reached the limit of what my body can bear. It is time to use steel tendon Gu."


 Fang Yuan had already bought steel tendon Gu.


 Steel tendon and iron bones perfectly complemented each other.


 But steel tendon Gu was different from iron bone Gu. The latter was an expendable type Gu while the former needed to be continuously used for a period of time before it could bring qualitative change to Fang Yuan’s tendons, turning them into steel tendons.


 Fang Yuan called for a servant to clean up the messed up square and returned to his secret room.


 He did not want to waste even a second and began using steel tendon Gu to reform his body.


 Three days later, fifth inner city’s battle stage.


 A blue shirt burly man stood in front of Fang Yuan, his breathing was rough and his heart still had lingering fear.


 "I only crossed five to six moves with this kid and suffered heavy injuries. The all-out effort Gu really can’t be stopped... every move can bring out a beast phantom. Truly terrifying!"


 This blue shirt burly man stared tightly at Fang Yuan, barely raising his spirits.


 "I can’t lose! As long as I defeat him, I can get all-out effort Gu as per the battle stage’s rules. With this Gu, I can also cultivate strength path!"


 As the blue shirt burly man thought of this, he gave a fierce growl and pounced upon Fang Yuan.


 Water prison Gu!


 He opened his mouth wide and spit out a blue ball of water. The water ball rapidly expanded and trapped Fang Yuan inside it.


 Fang Yuan coldly snorted and casually punched inside the water.


 Boar strength phantom!


 The water ball shook thrice before becoming deformed but did not collapse.


 "It is no use. To deal with you, I purposely took a high interest loan and bought this rank three water prison Gu." The blue shirt burly man proudly laughed.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze turned cold and without any panic, punched again.


 Bear strength phantom!


 The water ball fiercely shook, deforming intensely and almost collapsed, but still returned to its original state in the end.


 "Beast strength is hard, the flow of water is soft. Use softness to subdue hardness, you can’t break it." The blue shirt burly man took a deep breath and relaxed his mind.


 But right at this time.


 Fang Yuan raised his leg and kicked to the side. Crocodile strength phantom!


 Crocodile strength was different from boar and brown bear; it was an amphibious creature and was very adept at the water element.


 Bang!


 The water prison was smashed into pieces.


 "What?!" The blue shirt burly man was pale with fright.


 Vertical crash Gu!


 Thump.


 The blue shirt burly man was sent flying by Fang Yuan, blood spurted out of his mouth in large amounts and he only landed on the ground after flying for twenty full steps.


 He struggled violently to get up, but he fell down again before he could stand even a little.


 There were no movements anymore.


 He was dead.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Omae wa mou...



***
Chapter 289: Can’t stop me


***





 Chapter 289: Can’t stop me


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Even Wang Han lost and died in the battle stage."


 "This lad is too ruthless, he does not know how to show mercy!"


 "The all-out effort Gu is strong indeed..."


 Outside the stage, spectators discussed.


 Fang Yuan kicked and destroyed the water prison, charging over and killing the blue shirt man from the impact, causing the battle to end.


 The blue shirt man’s chest was completely caved in, as his white ribs were exposed, soon, blood dyed the battle stage’s field red.


 The hosting Gu Master walked onto the stage and declared Fang Yuan’s victory.


 The blue shirt man’s corpse was left lying there, no one was dealing it with at the moment.


 From the hosting Gu Master, Fang Yuan took back the vine information Gu, and looked into the Gu, he had seventeen victories now, with zero losses.


 After all, this was the fifth inner city battle stage, it was mostly made up of rank two Gu Masters, Fang Yuan had the cultivation advantage plus the all-out effort Gu, after his first few matches, in the subsequent battles, he only took a few moves to win.


 These victories earned him a large number of primeval stones.


 Winning in the battle stage, you not only get your opponent’s Gu worms, you can also receive primeval stones as a reward from the battle stage.


 The more the spectators, the more primeval stones you earn.


 "Li Ran, this is fifty thousand primeval stones, I’m passing this to you in public in case you try to defame me in the future." Under everyone’s watchful gaze, Fang Yuan took out a bag of primeval stones.


 Li Ran walked out from the crowd, receiving the primeval stones with a smiling face as numerous envious people watched.


 "Fang Zheng, you truly kept your word. First, you passed me eighty thousand, and now fifty thousand, a total of a hundred and thirty thousand primeval stones already." He cupped his fists, saying that as he left.


 The crowd went wild.


 "This Fang Zheng, first he gave eighty thousand, next fifty thousand, where did he get all those stones?" Some did not understand.


 "It is not strange, during these two weeks, he got consecutive victories in the battle stage, the fame of the all-out effort Gu attracted many spectators. Every match earns him thousands of primeval stones. After a few battles, he would have several tens of thousands." Someone replied in a sour tone.


 "Not just that, this lad is ruthless, killing his opponent almost every match. Very few people can survive a match with him, thus he can get around two to three Gu worms per battle. After selling them, that is another sum of primeval stones." Someone snorted, revealing Fang Yuan’s brutal acts.


 "This Fang Zheng is too much, he is advancing by stepping on our corpses." Someone was furious.


 Someone sighed: "We are all demonic Gu Masters, why is there a need to kill each other? Sigh..."


 Someone exclaimed: "But to speak the truth, this Fang Zheng has his merits. Actually passing Li Ran two hundred thousand primeval stones as promised. To speak the truth, if I was in that position..."


 Once he said so, the crowd became silent.


 But someone quickly retorted: "He hasn’t finished paying the two hundred thousand primeval stones. We can talk again after he pays the full sum."


 Looking at fang Yuan leaving, someone laughed coldly among the crowd: "His good days are coming to an end. In five days’ time, it would be the date where Li Hao forcefully challenges him."


 "Li Hao? Didn’t he ascend to fourth inner city already?"


 "Just a little bit to go, hmph, I can’t wait to watch this battle!"


 "Hehe, this lad is too arrogant, let Li Hao teach him a lesson."


 Swish swish swish...


 In the aperture, primeval essence ebbed and flowed, waves appearing on surface of the light silver primeval sea.


 Steel tendon Gu swam in the sea, absorbing primeval essence as it emitted a black light.


 It was shaped like an earthworm, but had a black body and the surface was not as soft as an earthworm, instead, there was an oily and shiny exoskeleton.


 It emitted an eerie light, penetrating the aperture and shining on every part of Fang Yuan’s body.


 Under the influence of the eerie light, Fang Yuan’s muscles and tendons were covered in an oily dark color, causing them to become more firm and strong.


 After half a day, Fang Yuan stopped using the steel tendon Gu.


 He had sweated a lot, his breathing was rough, and his head felt slightly dizzy.


 The feeling of using the steel tendon Gu was not comfortable, it gave a sort of numb, painful and itchy feeling, invading his nerves, it put the endurance of the Gu Master to test.


 An ordinary Gu Master, when using the steel tendon Gu, it would take half a year to complete.


 But in Fang Yuan’s plans, he condensed the time to a month.


 This means, the amount of time Fang Yuan uses on the steel tendon Gu a day is six times of an ordinary person, it was a strict test of his willpower and endurance.


 "I have to treasure every minute and second, to cultivate! Increasing my strength as fast as possible!"


 "I need primeval stones, the battle stage is the best way to earn. But if I lose a match, I would lose the all-out effort Gu. I might be able to use the purple thorn token to stop them, but I would have to pay a huge price in other aspects!"


 "I cannot lose at all! I am like a battle horse charging rapidly now, as my battle strength rises. But if I lose one match, it would be game over. My rapid growth would experience a huge setback."


 "Shang clan city is merely a starting point, how can I fall here? In this life, I have to become a Gu Immortal, I have to breakthrough to rank seven, eight, and nine. I want to ascend to the peak, and see the view that I did not manage to in my previous life. Legend says that beyond rank nine, it is the supreme realm of immortality! It is easy to have a long life, but to be an immortal, no one has ever managed to do it."


 "The highest point for a lifeform is to reach immortality, their greatest desire is immortality. What is the point of wealth, it is merely a hoarding addiction. What men and women, it is just primal instincts. What reputation, it is just bullshit people spew about you, carrying the stench of depravity."


 "Wealth, beauty, reputation, status, people who pursue all these are short-sighted. Back on Earth, there was no choice, as everyone was going to die eventually, thus they can only pursue these or life would be meaningless. But in this world, where primeval essence is rich, why would we not pursue immortality given the possibility?"


 "For the sake of immortality, wealth, beauty, reputation, status, I can make use of all of them, and I can also discard them as easily! For immortality, fear cannot stop me, I will charge forward relentlessly! For immortality, laziness will not stop me, I will never slack even for a moment! For immortality, pain cannot stop me, gods and demons cannot stop me, even heaven and earth cannot stop me!"


 As he affirmed his belief, Fang Yuan’s black eerie eyes seemed to burn with a scarlet red demonic blaze.


 After his rest was over, he activated the steel tendon Gu again without hesitation.


 The dark eerie light shone on his body, even penetrating his skin.


 In the silent secret room, his expression was extremely cold, like a statue made of steel, giving off the feeling of an everlasting toughness.


 What numbness, pain or itching, they were merely tiny ripples in his heart.


 Others might not be able to stand it, but that does not mean Fang Yuan cannot!


 If stubbornness is demonic, then Fang Yuan is a demon among demons.


 No matter how many times he dies, it would not influence his resolve! No matter what setbacks he faces, they would only be firewood that allows the demonic ambitions in his heart to burn even more brightly.


 ...


 Bam!


 The loud sound reverberated in the battle stage.


 Rocks and soil flew, as a blast of air swept the battlefield, although his opponent escaped the fatal blow, he was still pushed away by the air current and retreated over ten steps.


 The dust cloud dispersed, and the culprit behind this attack revealed its true form.


 This was a giant toad!


 It was larger than a mammoth, having two eyes as large as stone mills. Its body was grey and had a huge stomach and strong limbs. There was green moss on its skin, and even some tiny rocks on the surface.


 What gathered the most attention, was its back.


 Its back was extremely swollen, like it was carrying a small hill!


 This hill was the real deal, completely made of mountain rocks, about ten and a half feet high. It had many layers and folds, like it was shaved by swords and axes. Grass and weed grew on the mountain rocks, and there were even two or three trees.


 This was the rank three Gu, named mountain back toad. It was heavy and cumbersome, its signature move was to leap up, and crash down like a mountain.


 Earlier, it had displayed this move, and caused an earthquake to strike the battle stage, many spectators lost their balance and many things toppled.


 "This attack is too strong, really too strong!"


 "What a grand sight, even a spectator would feel his heart thumping."


 "The mountain back toad is like a castle, attack and defense all in one. The only weakness is a lack of speed, but its owner perfectly covered up this weakness!"


 Everyone discussed as they looked at this mountain back toad, but quickly shifted their gaze to a Gu Master.


 This Gu Master wore a flowery robe, was thin, and had a delicate appearance.


 Although he was a man, he had makeup and powder on his face, as he stood at one end of the battle stage, playing with his long fingernails.


 His name is Li Hao, rank three cultivation with a rich combat experience. He was especially proficient in dealing with strength path Gu Masters.


 "Just you alone, you want to compete with me? Hehe, admit defeat, don’t waste my time." Li Hao stared at his fingernails, not even giving his opponent a glance.


 "Scoundrel, looking down on me! Take this!" His opponent was also someone commonly seen in the battle stage, being humiliated in public like this, his face contorted with anger as he gritted his teeth and pounced on Li Hao.


 Li Hao looked at him silently. As the opponent rapidly approached, Li Hao laughed coldly: "You have not learnt your lesson, was it not enough? Then, I’ll let you experience it again."


 Position swap Gu!


 Li Hao’s gaze gave off a strange light as he looked at his mountain back toad.


 In a breath’s time, he vanished on the spot, appearing at the mountain back toad’s location.


 At the same time, the mountain back toad appeared at his former location.


 Using the position swap Gu, he swapped places with the mountain back Gu.


 His opponent was rushing towards Li Hao, but in a split second, the mountain back toad appeared before him.


 Bam!


 Mountain back toad jumped, and like a flying mountain, it sent the opponent flying.


 The battle ended just as expected!


 "Mountain back toad with position swap Gu, such a battle strategy is unbeatable."


 "That’s right, the position swap Gu can not only change the mountain back toad’s location, it can also swap with the opponent. This completely eliminates the mountain back toad’s weakness of low movement speed."


 "After this battle, Li Hao has twenty-nine net victories. Just one more, and he can rise to fourth inner city."


 "Hurry and leave, no one can stop him here anymore."


 "Who is his final opponent? Eh, it is that super lucky guy who got the legendary Gu."


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 In case anyone got confused like me, Li Hao =/= Li Ran.



***
Chapter 290: Fang Yuan vs Li Hao (1)


***





 Chapter 290: Fang Yuan vs Li Hao (1)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the blink of an eye, five days passed.


 Fang Yuan had another battle scheduled.


 "Your opponent today has quite the background." Wei Yang walked towards Fang Yuan, instructing him to be careful.


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 He had never fought without adequate preparations, after being in an alliance with Li Ran, he obtained a lot of valuable information about the battle stage participants.


 Li Ran was a spy, undercover for eight years, his job was to gather information anyway. His understanding of the battle stage surpasses even Wei Yang.


 "Li Hao was also once a strength cultivator, rising to fourth inner city. He once had a glorious past, but encountered a bottleneck. In terms of strength cultivators, they were strong at the start, but start to show weakness in the middle stage, stuck there with no way to progress further. Li Hao was greatly traumatised, giving up on the strength path and changing to a support style."


 "Well, it was due to him finally getting lucky, choosing a good rock in the gambling den and obtaining the rare position swap Gu. With his rich experience, he immediately sold all the Gu he had and purchased a mountain back toad in the auction house."


 "Next, he relied on the cooperation between these two Gu and won all the matches he participated in. Relying on the Gu and primeval stones he won, he slowly accumulated his assets and gathered a new set of Gu worms. He is forcefully challenging you because he wants that all-out effort Gu, you have to be careful."


 Wei Yang said, as he patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders and blended into the crowd.


 Fang Yuan looked deeply at Wei Yang, as he walked onto the arena.


 Whenever there was an important battle, Wei Yang would come and watch. Fang Yuan understood he was mere to act as mental support for Fang Yuan. One reason was because Shang clan wanted to recruit him, but more likely...


 It was because he treated Fang Yuan as a real brother!


 Relationships between people is this weird.


 Some people interact for tens of years without getting closer. Some people just talk once and become close friends.


 Fang Yuan understood Wei Yang’s emotions. He could see his former shadow in Fang Yuan. This strong sense of acknowledgement, as well as Fang Yuan’s candid nature, made him treat Fang Yuan as a close friend.


 "Wei Yang..." Fang Yuan thought, as he walked to the center of the arena.


 The terrain of this arena is a large sized swamp. Black rotten mud, giving off a putrid smell, and there were even puddles everywhere.


 Li Hao had not arrived yet.


 Outside the battle stage, large number of spectators were gathered.


 This was the most people Fang Yuan had seen at any of his battles. Standing on the arena, he looked around to see people all around him.


 Everyone conversed at the same time, causing the entire battle stage to be full of noise and chattering.


 "This Fang Zheng is in trouble today!"


 "He had been so arrogant these days, he should be taught a lesson."


 "Youngsters think too highly of themselves, he really thinks one all-out effort Gu makes him invincible!"


 "Li Hao is here." Someone shouted.


 The crowd went silent, before going wild again, their voices bursting through the roof.


 At the entrance, Li Hao appeared.


 "Lord Li Hao, we’re all counting on you!"


 "May you win your thirtieth match and advance to fourth inner city."


 Among the crowd, many people shouted, some screamed.


 Compared to Fang Yuan, they thought more highly of Li Hao. When Fang Yuan first came, he was extremely arrogant, killing many opponents, ruthless and cruel. He had the purple thorn token, causing everyone to be jealous of his good luck.


 In contrast, Li Hao was a veteran in the battle stage. He had first walked on the strength path, then fell from fourth inner city. He had risen from the lowest part of his life, signifying the spirit of ’never give up’ in the battle stage, it would ignite everyone’s passion.


 Li Hao carried a light smile as he walked onto the stage.


 He was thin, wearing a flowery robe and makeup, as he walked casually towards Fang Yuan.


 But around sixty steps away, he stopped, not advancing further.


 Fang Yuan, in his previous few fights, used the vertical crash Gu to assault his opponents, sending them flying, easily winning in one strike. Li Hao was a veteran in the battle stage, he obviously made preparations for that.


 The vertical crash Gu’s effective range was fifty steps, he was safe at the sixtieth border.


 "Strength cultivator, hehe..." He gave Fang Yuan a sweeping glance, filled with disdain: "Young man, unfortunately, your consecutive victory ends here. Do you know, looking at you now, it is just like me in the past. There is no future in the strength path, so what if you have the all-out effort Gu? Thank me, after I defeat you today, you will know it is for your own good, letting you understand the insufficiency of the strength path."


 He started lecturing Fang Yuan with his status as a senior.


 "You sure talk a lot, can you shut up?" Fang Yuan folded his arms, with a plain expression.


 "You..." Li Hao’s face flushed with fury, as his laughter was filled with animosity: "Hehehe, young man, you do not respect your elders, you are bound to suffer."


 At this time, with the sound of the bell, the hosting Gu Master announced the start of the battle.


 Vertical crash Gu!


 Fang Yuan took a big stride, charging forward.


 Pew!


 The soil under his feet danced like waves, splashing high up on his left and right.


 "Wow, what a grand sight." Li Hao laughed lightly.


 He knew very clearly the vertical crash Gu could only charge fifty steps ahead. Every time it is used, there is a cooldown period of five breaths.


 He was sixty steps away, it might seem dangerous, but he was completely safe.


 This terrain was advantage to him. A muddy terrain was unlike a rough and flat surface, it was not suited for charging type attacks.


 As expected, Fang Yuan charged forty-five steps and stopped.


 But soon after, Fang Yuan turned his body to one side, facing Li Hao with his side view.


 Horizontal charge Gu!


 The soil and mud were split apart as the phantom image of a wild boar appeared, with a charging action, its speed raised sharply, wild and tough. In the blink of an eye, Fang Yuan reached Li Hao.


 If he was hit, he would definitely vomit blood and break a few bones.


 Li Hao went pale, at the crucial moment, he activated his vital Gu.


 Position swap!


 In an instant, he swapped with Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was facing Li Hao as he charged, but now, Li Hao was behind him as he charged ahead, getting further away from Li Hao.


 "I was careless!" In just this moment, Li Hao’s forehead was pouring with sweat.


 He did not think that Fang Yuan would be much of a threat to him. After knowing Fang Yuan had the vertical crash Gu and horizontal charge Gu, he did not think much about it, but that almost caused him to be severely injured.


 At the crucial moment, his years of experience saved him.


 Compared to defending, why not dodge.


 One position swap, and Fang Yuan missed.


 No matter how great your strength, as long as you hit air, you cannot cause damage, it is pointless.


 "This lad has the all-out effort Gu, every move of his strikes hard. I sold my strength Gu and got rid of the beast strength in my body, I cannot compete with him head on."


 Li Hao calmed his nerves, and retreated.


 He used his movement Gu, his body turning light as the wind, floating backwards, rapidly pulling distance from Fang Yuan.


 At the same time, he raised his finger and pointed at the sky, as a green light shot out from his aperture, towards the sky.


 It was a jade green light, stopping in mid air, then exploded.


 Under the glaring light, the body of the mountain back toad showed itself, descending.


 There was a black shadow on the ground, engulfing Fang Yuan, and got larger over time.


 Five breaths had long passed, Fang Yuan looked at Li Hao, and activated the vertical crash Gu, charging over.


 He raised his speed rapidly, quickly getting out of the shadow’s range.


 THe moment he got out, the mountain back toad landed.


 Bam!


 A loud bang, and the entire battle stage trembled, as black mud and soil flew into the air like tidal waves.


 The waves splashed to the edge of the arena, causing the spectators to dodge instinctively, but a huge dark red shield protected them.


 The battle stage obviously had defensive Gu to protect the audiences.


 "It appeared, Lord Li Hao’s mountain back toad!" Seeing this, someone screamed in excitement.


 "Even if Fang Zheng charges at Li Hao, it is pointless. Li hao only needs to use the position swap Gu, and easily change position with the mountain back toad... hehehe."


 But Fang Yuan did not charge at Li Hao.


 He stopped in his tracks.


 The black mud splashed on him like a wave, but were repelled by the canopy Gu’s white armor.


 Horizontal charge Gu.


 After the waves subsided, he tilted his body away from the mountain back toad, and charged horizontally towards it.


 Howl!


 The roar of a bear was heard, as a brown bear phantom appeared, howling at the sky, giving off its wild aura.


 Bam!


 Fang Yuan slammed on the mountain back toad’s body, causing the toad to sway.


 But that was it.


 The mountain back toad’s unique hill was made of mountain rocks that have great density. It was one of the heaviest rank three Gu.


 Once its four legs stood on the ground, it was like an unmovable mountain, causing everyone to gasp at its firmness.


 But Fang Yuan did not care, he raised both arms and smashed on it like a hammer.


 Howl!


 Above his head, the phantoms of boar, brown bear, and crocodile appeared one after another.


 His punches tore through the winds as he attacked without restraint. Hitting on the mountain back toad, thunderous sounds went off like firecrackers.


 Such a fierce attack sent the spectators into deep fear, as cold sweat ran down their back.


 "If I was the target, I would not have a complete corpse by now!"


 "The all-out effort Gu is too strong, really too strong."


 "But Fang Zheng’s brain is fried, not attacking Li Hao but instead, punching that mountain."


 ...


 The defense of the mountain back toad was impressive, even with Fang Yuan’s ferocious attacks, it did not move, causing people to feel helpless against it.


 But Fang Yuan had a cold expression, the more he attacked, the fiercer it got, like this toad had a great feud with him.


 Li Hao’s expression changed.


 No matter how tough the mountain back toad was, it had its limits, it could not endure this rain of punches anymore.


 Gua gua gua...


 The mountain back toad started shouting, as the pain was exceeding its limits.


 "This cannot go on!" Li Hao’s heart jumped, as he willed and rode on the mountain back toad.


 Mountain back toad started to counter attack, stepping on the mud and charging at Fang Yuan.


 With its weight, if Fang Yuan took this head on, he would definitely be sent flying.


 Horizontal charge Gu.


 His eyes shone brightly, moving away at the last moment, dodging the mountain back toad’s attack.


 Getting around the toad’s body, and hitting again!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Consecutive (Beast Phantom) Punches!



***
Chapter 291: Fang Yuan vs Li Hao (2)


***





 Chapter 291: Fang Yuan vs Li Hao (2)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Roar!


 The beast phantom appeared with a flash and gave a loud roar; the mountain back toad croaked in pain and suddenly slammed towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan snorted and dodged.


 Mountain back toad carried a small hill on its back; it was very heavy and had a slow speed, so Fang Yuan could easily dodge it.


 Horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu were used in succession; mountain back toad repeatedly tried to attack Fang Yuan but could not even touch his clothes.


 The audience was watching the match with stupefied expressions.


 The mountain back toad was a lofty and immovable image in everyone’s minds, but right now, it was crying out from Fang Yuan’s attacks.


 "This kid is actually so violent!" Li Hao was starting to get worried. He gritted his teeth and prompted the mountain back toad to jump.


 "You brat, I am going to smash you into minced meat!" Li Hao cracked a sneer; his mind full of killing intent.


 However, mountain back toad’s shadow was not over Fang Yuan.


 Instead, it was over Li Hao.


 Mountain back toad’s enormous body began to fall down and smash heavily on Li Hao.


 Most of the audience were so stupefied that they could not react in time. Only Wei Yang and a few others’ eyes shone as they realized Li Hao’s battle tactic.


 Just using mountain back toad to smash Fang Yuan was likely to fail easily.


 Fang Yuan possessed horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu; he could completely dodge the attack.


 However, the mountain back toad was landing on Li Hao and Li Hao could use position swap Gu to change his position with Fang Yuan. As long as he grasped the proper timing, he could prevent Fang Yuan from reacting in time and be crushed by the mountain back toad.


 With a weight like that of mountain back toad, even if Fang Yuan was not squashed to death, he would absolutely suffer heavy injuries.


 However, the moment mountain back toad jumped in the air, Fang Yuan immediately charged towards Li Hao!


 By using horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu, he soon reached Li Hao.


 "Accursed brat, he actually saw through my plan!" Li Hao was very annoyed right now.


 There was still some distance between Fang Yuan and him now, but if he used position swap Gu now, Fang Yuan would have enough time to dodge mountain back toad’s attack.


 But if he did not use it now and Fang Yuan stuck close to him, even if he used position swap Gu to change positions, it would be too late to escape and he would be crushed to death along with Fang Yuan by the mountain back toad.


 Helplessly, Li Hao activated position swap Gu and changed position with Fang Yuan.


 Bam!


 The mountain back toad landed on the ground, Fang Yuan, as expected, used horizontal charge to dodge.


 He was always paying attention to the cooldown period of horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu. There were three breaths of time interval between them. Taking into account the time taken to charge fifty steps, he would always have a movement Gu to use.


 These small details often determined success or failure.


 Fang Yuan accumulated a rich combat experience in his previous life, allowing him to have no flaws.


 He again charged towards mountain back toad, punching and kicking with an all-out offensive. Beast phantoms also appeared one after another, making his attacks extremely fierce.


 Stones flew about, mountain back toad got into a dangerous situation again and began croaking.


 The audiences who were hooting before fell silent.


 Many watched this scene, startled and their jaws opened wide.


 All-out effort Gu became so powerful and tyrannical in Fang Yuan’s hands, even mountain back toad could only turn into a punching bag and fall into a vulnerable position!


 One side was like wildfire, extremely intense; but at Li Hao’s side, it was quiet and still.


 Li Hao had never expected Fang Yuan to persevere in attacking the mountain back toad so relentlessly.


 His previous opponents had all ignored mountain back toad and tried attacking Li Hao. If Li Hao was defeated, there was no need to worry about mountain back toad.


 This was the strategy that smart people used!


 But Fang Yuan apparently chose the most stupid target to attack.


 He concentrated all his strength on mountain back toad and paid no heed to Li Hao.


 Li Hao was given the cold-shoulder, he felt like he had become a spectator who was not related to the situation; the situation was truly embarrassing!


 Beast phantoms continually flashed and converged in the air. Fang Yuan moved around mountain back toad and attacked fiercely.


 Mountain back toad’s enormous and mighty physique now looked so clumsy.


 "Not good, mountain back toad is coughing out blood!" Li Hao who was watching the scene from afar felt his body go cold.


 Position swap Gu!


 Strange lights flashed in his eyes as he captured Fang Yuan’s image.


 The next instant, Fang Yuan’s field of view had changed greatly, he was moved far away by Li Hao in a split second.


 In contrast, Li Hao took Fang Yuan’s position and was standing beside mountain back toad.


 He placed his palms on mountain back toad and started healing it.


 He was inwardly startled by the injuries on mountain back toad.


 He had fought so many matches on the battle stage, but had never seen such serious injuries.


 "Am I going to lose this match? Losing to such a young junior? No, impossible!" The intense premonition of defeat rose for the first time in Li Hao’s heart.


 Fang Yuan sneered and charged again.


 How could he allow Li Hao to heal mountain back toad so openly in front of his eyes?


 Seeing Fang Yuan charging over, Li Hao gritted his teeth, but he could only give up on healing and retreated back.


 He waited till Fang Yuan had charged in front of mountain back toad before using position swap Gu.


 Like this, he was again standing beside mountain back toad and Fang Yuan was far away.


 But Fang Yuan was not worried and still charged over.


 Li Hao’s healing was repeatedly disrupted while Fang Yuan’s attacks also had no effect.


 Despite this, Fang Yuan still kept on charging over without giving up.


 Several repeated attempts later, it was Li Hao instead who stopped healing; his complexion mixed.


 The audience could not make any sense of this.


 But there were still some smart people.


 "Fang Zheng’s repeated attacks appear to be useless but actually Li Hao’s primeval essence was greatly consumed."


 "That’s right. Although position swap Gu is mystical, it has its flaws and huge primeval essence consumption is one."


 "The further the distance and stronger the target, the more primeval essence Li Hao needs to expend to activate position swap Gu."


 "Fang Zheng possesses the strength of two boars, a crocodile and a bear; the primeval essence consumption of Li Hao to use position swap Gu is definitely a lot. Moreover, he still wanted to heal mountain back toad, even a rank three’s primeval essence can’t support such intense usage."


 Li Hao also realized this and thus stopped his healing attempt.


 He did not have much primeval essence left now.


 If it were his previous opponents, he could still continue with his rank three white silver primeval essence. But his opponent now, Fang Yuan was also a rank three Gu master and had already established superiority in terms of primeval essence.


 Looking at Fang Yuan charging over again, Li Hao hesitated but had no choice but to go ahead.


 Fang Yuan clenched his fists and immediately abandoned the mountain back toad, attacking towards Li Hao.


 Bang bang bang.


 His fists broke the air, the momentum and fierceness they contained were incomparable, like tides striking the cliff.


 Several moves later, Li Hao could not endure it anymore!


 Although he had other Gu, his true core was the mountain back toad and position swap Gu.


 In order to decrease the primeval essence consumption of position swap Gu, he had completely removed the beast phantoms hidden in his body.


 Fang Yuan’s offensive was extremely fierce like the howling storm, making Li Hao have difficulty breathing.


 Li Hao relied on his previous foundation of a strength cultivator to forcefully withstand few moves before he had no choice but use position swap Gu to change places with mountain back toad.


 Fang Yuan did not pursue Li Hao but began attacking mountain back toad.


 Phantoms of boar, brown bear and crocodile flashed one after another.


 Rocks flew about and mountain back toad spurted out large mouthful of blood, counterattacking in a frenzy.


 But Fang Yuan used horizontal charge and vertical crash Gu alternatively; as such, mountain back toad’s counterattacks looked really clumsy.


 "How could it be like this...."


 "Even Lord Li Hao had to fight personally and share the burden with mountain back toad."


 "Fang Zheng’s attacks are terrifyingly fierce, suppressing both Li Hao and mountain back toad."


 The match’s progress was beyond most of the audience’s expectation. Every since Li Hao abandoned strength path and changed into support path, they had never seen him fall into such a predicament.


 Li Hao’s battle tactics were pretty good. The combination of position swap Gu and mountain back toad was brilliant.


 Even Fang Yuan could not crack this battle tactic.


 However...


 He did not need to crack it!


 He had never thought of cracking it, just swinging his arms, and continuing his all-out strategy. No matter who appears in front of me, I will beat them!


 This seems like a foolish move, but actually concealed great wisdom in it.


 Savagery and tyrannical momentum was unleashed like this.


 "This is a good method." Some people’s eyes brightened, "If I were to fight Li Hao in the future, I need to be like Fang Zheng; disregarding everything else and attacking mountain back toad."


 As soon as these words came out, the person’s words was denied and mocked by others beside him.


 "Nonsense! You want to imitate him, is your brain okay? Fang Zheng can do this because he is a strength cultivator and his primeval essence expenditure is low. You are a fire path cultivator, you attacking mountain back toad is exactly what Li Hao would want to see."


 Without primeval essence, a Gu Master’s battle strength was sure to fall sharply and would be almost equal to a mortal.


 In a battle, the side with higher primeval essence was often dominant. And as the gap between primeval essence quantity increased, this dominance increased further.


 The Gu Master who thought of imitating Fang Yuan heard this and immediately choked with no way to retort.


 Someone patted his head and said as if he had comprehended something: "I suddenly see that strength cultivators have their advantages."


 "That’s right." Someone sitting nearby immediately replied, "Strength cultivators’ attacks draws the strength of their bodies, thus strength Gu Masters have a common advantage in that they have little primeval essence consumption."


 "Every cultivation path has its own advantage and disadvantage. Strength path being renowned back in the Antiquity Era was not without reasons."


 Everyone looked at the stage again.


 Li Hao and mountain back toad were retreating step by step under Fang Yuan’s fierce attacks.


 All-out effort Gu’s primeval essence consumption was very small.


 And Fang Yuan’s true attacking power came from his several beast phantoms.


 But these beast phantoms by themselves did not expend any primeval essence!


 This was the most absurd part!


 If it were other Gu Masters in Fang Yuan’s place, they would have been tired after dozens of rounds, but Fang Yuan’s attacks became fiercer the longer he continued.


 His momentum continually rose, his fists carried with it the sound of the wind and were extremely tyrannical; the sound they produced were like the roars of ferocious tigers or the growls of giant bears!


 From Fang Yuan’s performance, the crowd could see the grand and proud demeanour of strength path cultivators from the ancient times!


 His heartbeat pulsed rapidly and his blood raced; Fang Yuan felt more pleasant the more he fought.


 Since rebirth, he had been extremely cautious in his actions which accumulated suppressed feelings in his heart, and now as he punched and kicked fanatically, those feelings were all let out.


 The gloominess in his heart was swept clean.


 No doubt, obtaining all-out effort Gu was a turning point in Fang Yuan’s life.


 Before this, he had to rush about busily, always in danger, not even able to fill his stomach properly. Encountering even a slightly larger problem would require him to think and ponder extensively.


 But after obtaining all-out effort Gu, he finally had the qualification to be proud and could use his fists to resolve many things.


 Like now, he did not need to crack Li Hao’s brilliant battle tactic and could just use his fists to sweep across.


 Demons was cunning but they were even more tyrannical!


 Sweeping the heaven and earth, engulfing the mountains and rivers, blood splashing the world, absolute strength prevails over all schemes!


 You are fierce; I am fiercer than you. You are unreasonable; I am more unreasonable than you!


 Demon! Demon! Demon!


 Kill! Kill! Kill!


 Fang Yuan fought to his heart’s content, his emotions surging intensely inside him; finally, he could bear it no longer and the emotions poured out like a torrent.


 "Because hardships strengthen resolve, the strong-minded will not be lured by worldly affairs. Today I step on grass; later I shall step on mountains and rivers!"


 From today, I will walk on the path of supremacy!


 Sweep the earth and laugh at the world.


 Tread the green mountains; step on the blue seas; bind the blue dragon; assault the sky!


 Bath in difficulties and sharpen the demonic soul; lift the flag and sing in triumph; defy heaven, defy fate, defy the universe!


 Bam!


 A punch ruthlessly struck the mountain back toad, the small hill on its back collapsed, blood flowed out of its body as it was beaten to death by Fang Yuan!


 Horizontal charge, vertical crash!


 Li Hao was sent flying for dozen of steps before he fell down on the ground.


 Plop, he fell on the mud, no longer moving.


 The black mud mixed with dark red blood contaminated his flowery robe.


 He paid with his life for his contempt.


 The battle ended abruptly. Fang Yuan proudly stood on the spot; his masculine, ferocious aura pervaded the scene.


 His declaration still echoed in the battle stage.


 Other than that, it was a scene of silence, no one spoke!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 For those thinking he’ll get the toad, nope the toad is dead.



***
Chapter 292: Law Fragment, Traces of Great Dao


***





 Chapter 292: Law Fragment, Traces of Great Dao


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the secret room, Fang Yuan sat on the cushion, his eyes shut tightly.


 Light silver primeval essence continued to pour into the self-reliance Gu.


 Self-reliance Gu was diving in the primeval sea in Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 It was shaped like a cockroach, a dark-brown colored flat body. There were feelers on its head, and wings on its back.


 This was the rank three healing Gu that Fang Yuan purchased for a huge amount of primeval stones.


 Self-reliance Gu could be said to be the best Gu for strength cultivating Gu Masters.


 The greater the physical strength of the Gu Master, the better the effect of the self-reliance Gu’s healing. In contrast, the weaker the Gu Master, the weaker the healing effect.


 Self-reliance, relying on oneself, it meant obtaining the ability to regenerate and heal using one’s own strength.


 Fang Yuan had the strength of two boars, one bear and a crocodile, now that he used the self-reliance Gu, the healing effect was on par with the flesh-bone Gu. This was not its limit yet, when Fang Yuan gains new strength from more Gu, its effect would surpass the flesh-bone Gu, continually improving.


 But the self-reliance Gu has its weaknesses.


 It could not heal others, only the Gu Master himself.


 This greatly limited its use.


 Moreover, it was expensive, as a rare Gu, it costs forty-five thousand primeval stones! Even more expensive than the sword shadow Gu. Thus, although there were many strength path Gu Masters, few could afford it.


 Different from ancient times, strength path Gu Masters now were of the lowest social class, holding jobs that involve physical work. There were many low rank ones, few high rank ones, and even less outstanding ones. Barely any stood at the peak, in the entire southern border, only Empress Wu Ji was a successful story. But even she relied on the ancient strength path inheritance to do so.


 This was an era where strength path declined.


 Now, Fang Yuan was using the self-reliance Gu to recover his injuries.


 In the battle with Li Hao, he had gotten injured.


 The biggest culprit was not Li Hao, not the mountain back toad, but Fang Yuan himself.


 As he attacked with such a ferocious force, and for such a long time, it caused his muscles and tendons to be overworked, and some of them tore, even the canopy Gu was in bad shape, needing time to recover.


 Thankfully, he had used the iron bones Gu before, thus there was no problems with his bones. If not, even his bones would have broke.


 Normally, when people exerted too much strength, they would pull a muscle. If a cannon is fired too many times, it would be easy to jam up.


 Any kind of strength needed a foundation to contain it. On this aspect, strength path Gu Masters follow the same rule.


 Fang Yuan had the canopy Gu and iron bones, but his strength was too great, unleashing such a flurry of attacks, even his muscles could not take it, there was great stress on his organs, blood etc.


 After this battle, there were lots of hidden injuries in his body.


 Even his sweat had blood traces.


 "Since I started using the self-reliance Gu to heal, this is the tenth hour already. Mostly because of the steel tendon Gu, it is making my healing difficult." Fang Yuan had an understanding of his situation.


 Before this, he had been using the steel tendon Gu to transform and train his body. It caused the tendons in his muscles to gain a layer of black color, shining with a metallic glow, becoming tougher.


 Right now, his tendons were either pulled or torn, to reconnect and heal them, it would be much harder than an ordinary person’s muscles and tendons.


 Why is that so?


 Ordinary people might not know why, only treating this as a natural phenomenon. But Fang Yuan knew clearly, he had been a Gu Immortal after all, he knew these involved the natural laws of heaven and earth.


 Man is the spirit of all beings, Gu is the essence of heaven and earth.


 Whether the Gu worm’s body is large or small, it would contain a law fragment of the Great Dao.


 Steel tendon Gu’s effect is to reinforce the tendons in the Gu Master’s body until they are tough as steel. This caused Fang Yuan’s tendons to contain the corresponding power of the natural law, the traces of Great Dao.


 For the self-reliance Gu to heal, it not only has to recover the body’s tendons, but also has to overcome and overwrite this layer of natural law.


 But thankfully, this law did not clash with the healing law. Otherwise, not only would Fang Yuan not be healed, he would be damaged instead.


 Similarly, the brown bear innate strength Gu, black and white boar Gu, and crocodile strength Gu were the same.


 They contained the Great Dao law fragments regarding "physical strength", when their strength lurk in Fang Yuan’s body, they form into beast phantoms and conceal themselves. Only after he unleashes their true power could they be seen by the naked eye.


 The so called beast phantom, its essence was the Dao mark of "physical strength"— a trace of Great Dao in heaven and earth.


 Take the poison vow Gu as another example.


 It contained the law of restriction, it stays in a Gu Master’s body to restrict them.


 This Dao mark is normally not seen, but under the effect of the eating one’s words Gu, it will be forced to appear, and then exterminated.


 The law contained in the eating one’s words Gu were opposite of the poison vow Gu. But the former was slightly stronger, thus it could overwrite the other.


 Or taking it further, why did the rainbow light Gu, position swap Gu, require Gu Masters to be free of strength modifications?


 It was the same reason.


 The law of strength would interfere with the law of light and the law of space. If the Dao mark of strength is too strong, it would cause the two Gu to fail when utilized.


 "Gu Masters use Gu, but the truth is that they use the Great Dao law fragments within the Gu. Gu is the carrier of the fragment, a tool of heaven and earth. When Gu Masters refine Gu, they are fusing laws, and forming laws. Nurturing Gu, using Gu and refining Gu... Gu cultivation is not a small Dao, but a true Great Dao. In cultivating, Gu Masters learn about nature, and learn about heaven and earth. This is why the hope for immortality, and becoming an everlasting existence still remain."


 Fang Yuan was clear in his heart.


 ...


 "Because hardships strengthen resolve, the strong-minded will not be lured by worldly affairs. Today I step on grass; later I shall step on mountains and rivers!"


 In the study room, Shang Yan Fei muttered, thinking about the poem Fang Yuan recited, showing interest on his face.


 "Because of difficulties, one gain aspirations and resolve. The allure of the mortal world cannot restrict one’s heart. What grand aspirations! Especially that last line, are you treating my Shang clan as grass?"


 "Lord clan leader, the way I see it, Fang Zheng was referring to his opponent Li Hao, being too weak for him." Wei Yang cupped his fists and said.


 Shang Yan Fei shook his head: "It is fine, I am not so narrow minded. But it is a pity I missed a good show. Although I did not see it personally, I can imagine the scene of Fang Zheng unleashing his ability, striking with a grand aura."


 Shang Yan Fei stood at a high point, he had a broad vision, and naturally was broad minded. Towards Fang Yuan’s aspirations, he could understand, and appreciate it.


 Reminded by Shang Yan Fei, Wei Yang recalled the scene of the battle, and exclaimed: "That is indeed so. The battlefield back then, Fang Zheng was extremely ferocious, stunning the spectators, everyone was dominated by his aura and no one said a word!"


 Shang Yan Fei got up from his seat, strolling slowly to the window: "Armies are easily built, but generals are hard to come by. A pity this general is too arrogant, not even placing Shang clan in his eyes. But, he had gone through tough times, managed to survive, and gained much from it, as his cultivation rose rapidly. This caused his nature to develop in that direction."


 "Lord clan leader’s analysis is spot on. Young men would definitely have such ambitions, being lawless and fearless." Wei Yang lowered his head, adding on.


 Shang Yan Fei looked outside the window, squinting.


 Fang Yuan equated Shang clan city to grass, this was an overwhelming aspiration, he was definitely someone with great ambition. But Shang Yan Fei himself did not mind that.


 He was a man standing at the peak, on the top of the whole southern border, he could definitely accept people with ambitions. Furthermore, Shang clan city would not truly become grass just because someone said so.


 What he minded was the first sentence.


 Because hardships strengthen resolve, the strong-minded will not be lured by worldly affairs...


 In this world, there were lots of people with great ambitions but no ability, while people with aspirations and talent were few, one in a million. Those who not only had talent and aspirations, but also a firm will, were almost non-existent!


 Aspiration and talent were not scary, but if they had an indomitable will and determination, that would cause worry.


 Such a person, in history, he would either be called a hero, a villain, or a conqueror.


 Such people, can change history, and create history!


 Such a person, how would he submit to others? How would he allow himself to be used by Shang clan? If he could not be used, and this person walks the demonic path, he would definitely leave his mark in this world, causing storms and disasters in his life. This was not something the righteous path wants to see...


 Thinking so, Shang Yan Fei suddenly said: "I heard, Fang Zheng snatched Li Ran’s opportunity, thus he compensated him two hundred thousand primeval stones to repay the favor. How much does he still owe?"


 Wei Yang replied: "He already paid a hundred and thirty thousand, only seventy thousand remain. But it should be repaid soon."


 Hearing this, Shang Yan Fei’s worry eased.


 He nodded: "That’s true. Someone with ambition would not mind the small details, so what if it is two hundred thousand primeval stones. Hehehe."


 Thinking of how Fang Yuan saved Shang Xin Ci, Shang Yan Fei laughed.


 He was really interesting, doing things with his own principles, repaying kindness and taking revenge for hatred. But he does not have righteous morals nor any restraints, such a nature was dangerous, but there was still hope of recruiting and controlling him.


 Right now he was at the peak of his fame, there was little hope of recruiting him, they had to wait.


 After he faces hardship from reality, they will use kindness to move him, and recruit him under Shang Xin Ci’s wing. With such a helper, Shang Yan Fei would feel assured about her safety.


 "Nevermind, Fang Zheng, let me see how far you can go..." Shang Yan Fei thought in his heart.


 He had a sharp foresight, entirely clear of the situation.


 After Fang Yuan killed Li Hao, the entire battle zone went into a commotion.


 The power of the all-out effort Gu was seen by everyone.


 Many started to realize Fang Yuan was a tough opponent. But on the other hand, it made many experts start to notice and desire the all-out effort Gu.


 Fang Yuan would have a peaceful time for a while, but soon, those days will end.


 According to his nature, he would definitely suffer extensively. At that time, he would know how weak he truly was.


 Using the battle stage, he would be suppressed and polished.


 As Shang Yan Fei predicted, Fang Yuan’s days got easier, as he won without a fight in his subsequent matches.


 Who was Li Hao?


 He was the number one strongest in fifth inner city battle stage, someone about to rise to fourth inner city.


 Even he died by Fang Yuan’s iron fist, who could stop him?


 But a forceful challenge cannot be cancelled, those demonic Gu Masters thinking of taking advantage of the situation were forced to enter the arena.


 At the start, some minded their reputation and tried to spar with Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan heavily injured several people, and after he killed one person, they did not dare to think highly of themselves anymore, once the battle started, they surrendered.


 Nineteen, twenty, twenty-one victories...


 Fang Yuan went onto the stage no longer to battle, but just to collect primeval stones.


 It could be said to be the easiest time of his life.


 And during this period, a group of pursuing Bai clan Gu Masters arrived at the foot of Shang clan city.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Here comes Bai clan, here comes another chapter in 2 hours!



***
Chapter 293: Heaven is blind


***





 Chapter 293: Heaven is blind


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "We’ve finally reached Shang clan city." Staring at the mountain of buildings, Bai Feng sighed.


 He was a Bai clan elder, when he was young, he roamed the southern border, and had once came to Shang clan city. But this time round, he was already old, the buildings were all unfamiliar to him, and even his goal was to arrest the two demonic Gu Masters.


 "Do you guys think those two demonic scoundrels really chose this direction?" Bai Lian sounded worried.


 "It should be this direction. We split into a few groups at the place where the footless bird landed, but the other directions were all dead ends. Only this path left behind traces." Tie Dao Ku said.


 He was uncertain in his heart.


 Although Tie clan was the number one investigator in the southern border, he was an attacking type Gu Master. Moreover, the southern border had many forests and mountains, complex terrain that made it easy to hide oneself and difficult to trace them.


 "Maybe the two of them died long ago along the way, becoming food for wild beasts." Someone said optimistically.


 There was a huge possibility in this, they had found many traces of skeletons along the way, and all the remains of the caravan assaulted by beast hordes.


 "I do hope they are alive!" Bai Zhan Lie gritted his teeth, his grandfather was killed by Fang and Bai, he wanted to kill them with his own hands, taking revenge for that intense hatred in his heart.


 "Alright, let’s enter the city first. If there are no discoveries, we shall spend some primeval stones to send a letter to clan leader, and see what orders she has for us." Bai Feng took the first step.


 The few of them arrived at the city gate looking like travellers on a long journey.


 Coincidentally, this gate was the one Fang and Bai had once gone through.


 "To enter the city, each person has to pay ten primeval stones." The city guard stopped them from entering.


 Bai Feng took out a yellow pear token, waving it.


 The guard looked at it, and after inspecting it, said: "Yellow pear token can exempt three people from the fees."


 Bai Feng’s group of six handed in thirty primeval stones.


 "This brother, did you see the two of them entering the city?" Bai Zhan Lie pointed at an arrest warrant on the wall, asking.


 This was the arrest warrant for Fang and Bai.


 But the surface of this arrest warrant had been covered by another new arrest warrant, almost half of the surface was covered.


 This was common.


 Once in a while, new arrest warrants would appear.


 The city guard’s expression changed, howling at Bai Zhan Lie: "What are you saying? A city gate with me guarding, how can there be a demonic Gu Master entering? Do you think I am blind? This is slander, you are slandering a righteous young man from Shang clan!"


 Bai Zhan Lie’s expression froze.


 Clan elder Bai Feng quickly apologised, in Shang clan city, even if he was a Bai clan elder, he had to lower his head.


 The city guard saw Bai Feng’s rank three cultivation, and did not dare to pursue the matter, only muttering under his breath.


 Only until Tie Dao Ku showed an unhappy expression, and displayed his identity: "Enough, shut up. Do you think my Tie clan is unclear of what your Shang clan is like?"


 The city guard stopped speaking.


 After facing this initial display of authority, Bai clan entered the outer city grimly.


 "Let’s get some food, we are all tired after these few days of travelling. We need to rest, it will not affect our mission. I know a good restaurant in fifth inner city, it is at the battle zone, I had participated in it back in the day, and reached fourth inner city." Bai Feng recommended.


 This suggestion was well received.


 The gang arrived at fifth inner city, at the battle zone. Bai Zhan Lie, Bai Lian and the other juniors were instantly awed by the atmosphere of the battle zone.


 As they walked, they could hear the people’s excited conversations.


 "Tan Jing finally took revenge, and defeated Shi Nan Sheng. Shi Nan Sheng vowed to take revenge, their grudge is growing."


 "Sang Kong controls the virus cloud moth, his battle strength has risen again, he can almost dominate the fifth inner city."


 "Dominate? Hehe, he will have to wait until Gu Yue Fang Zheng ascends to fourth inner city."


 ...


 "Gu Yue Fang Zheng!!!"


 Bai clan’s gang stared with wide opened eyes, like they were struck by lightning. They quickly stopped, and stared at the talking passerby.


 They scared the shit out of him.


 After three minutes.


 On the battle stage, Fang Yuan walked up to the stage. His opponent was a middle aged man, tall and burly, thick waist and shoulder, with a long moustache on his face, looking extremely fierce and aggressive.


 Ding!


 The bell rang and the battle officially started.


 "I admit defeat!" The middle aged man shouted at the first second. He was swift and direct, causing the audience to feel unsatisfied.


 "Again?"


 "Aren’t you embarrassed, admitting defeat before fighting."


 "Embarrassment is better than dying, in the entire fifth inner city now, who dares to fight against Fang Zheng? The all-out effort Gu is too powerful!"


 The crowd was noisy as usual.


 The battle ended as soon as it started.


 The hosting Gu Master took both their vine information Gu and edited the information inside before returning it to them.


 The middle aged man turned to leave, admitting defeat was a humiliation, but circumstances forced him to, after all Fang Yuan was cruel and ruthless, he never spares his opponents. He did not dare to fight just to save his reputation.


 Fang Yuan did not leave immediately, but took out forty thousand primeval stones and handed them to Li Ran.


 This caused everyone to go into discussions again.


 "Another forty thousand, he really gave it!"


 "Although this Gu Yue Fang Zheng is ruthless, he keeps his word. Two hundred thousand, he has repaid most of it already. Only thirty thousand remain."


 "Li Ran used these primeval stones to purchase Gu worms, he is starting to display his strength in the battle zone. I am so envious."


 "Repaying kindness and taking revenge for hatred. From this aspect, I truly respect Gu Yue Fang Zheng."


 "With this win, he is at twenty-nine net wins. Just one last match, and he would be in fourth inner city."


 "The faster the better, how dares to challenge him? Even Li Hao died by his hands..."


 ...


 "Gu Yue Fang Zheng, after all these hardships, we’ve finally found you!" Among the crowd, Bai Zhan Lie gritted his teeth, as his face contorted with anger.


 His companions also showed an ugly expression.


 They had chased after him for so long, suffering along the journey. In the end, they found that the person they wanted to arrest had been living luxuriously in Shang clan city, making a name for himself.


 Before this, they had continuously guessed if he had died under the beast hordes, digested into faeces and defecated.


 The scene now, was a huge contrast to their expectations.


 Not only did Fang Yuan not have problems, he was living well, even changing his Gu worms and raising his battle strength and cultivation.


 What were they supposed to feel!


 "Oh heaven is blind, how can such a vile scoundrel live so well?" Bai Feng raised his head and cried out.


 "His luck is too good, saving the illegitimate daughter of Shang clan leader and receiving the purple thorn token! In Shang clan city, we can do nothing to him, he is protected by Shang clan!" Bai Lian gritted her teeth, she had learnt much from the passerby.


 The enemy who killed the two young masters were right before them, but there was nothing they could do to him.


 "Not only him, even that Bai Ning Bing received the purple thorn token. Now, she has also joined the battle stage, and has good battle records." A companion beside her sighed.


 "What world is this, evil people live well while good people die. Sigh!"


 "Actually, it is not like we have no way to deal with them. They could join the battle stage, so can we." Tie Dao Ku spoke with a low voice, his gaze sharp as daggers.


 He had heard from Bai clan leader that Fang Yuan had the charred thunder potato mother Gu.


 Right now, he could confirmed that Fang and Bai were the ones who killed his young master!


 But arresting them was impossible now, so why not just kill them! That way, young master’s revenge can be taken, and Tie Dao Ku can return to Tie clan.


 "That’s right! This is a good idea." Bai Feng’s eyes shone, as his spirits were lifted.


 Using the rules of the battle stage, even if Fang Yuan had the purple thorn token, he could not be protected. Even if they could not kill him, taking away his all-out effort Gu would halt his growth.


 The truth is, his growth speed was too scary, it struck fear in them. He cannot be allowed to grow anymore!


 "Wait, where is Bai Zhan Lie?" Bai Lian suddenly asked.


 ...


 Fang Yuan walked out of the battle stage, as numerous people gave way to him.


 Numerous gazes landed on him, there were fear and respect, indifference and animosity.


 "Although I killed many Gu Masters, my reputation is not bad. Every time I give Li Ran primeval stones, it is a performance that improves my reputation. Out of the two hundred thousand, only thirty thousand remain."


 Fang Yuan walked as he considered his options.


 After battling Li Hao, he earned three Gu worms, but did not gain the mountain back toad or the position swap Gu.


 He beat the mountain back toad to death, and the position swap Gu is Li Hao’s vital Gu, it perished after Li Hao died.


 But that battle had many spectators, Fang Yuan earned over six thousand primeval stones.


 This month, his consecutive victories earned him enough to return forty thousand to Li Ran and still save a small sum of primeval stones for himself.


 Because of his actions, and Li Ran’s response, Wu clan did not do anything to Fang Yuan for now.


 This earned him precious time for development.


 "I have twenty-nine victories now, just one more and I’d be in fourth inner city. The pressure there is much higher, with experts everywhere, but wins also give me much more reward. After using the steel tendon Gu, I can increase the number of my beast phantoms already, but..."


 To increase the number of beast phantoms, it is a long process, there will only be effect after two to three months.


 After getting to fourth inner city, Fang Yuan’s pressure would be greater, he needed more strength to deal with the situation.


 "A large size auction will be held soon, and there is an instant success Gu up for bidding. If I can get it, I would be able to obtain new beast phantoms overnight, but my primeval stones are too few, I don’t even have the qualification to participate in the auction..."


 Money is always insufficient when one needs to use it!


 Just as Fang Yuan was considering who to borrow from, a young man appeared and blocked his path.


 "Gu Yue Fang Zheng, do you recognise me?!" Bai Zhan Lie screamed.


 "Zhan Lie!"


 "Zhan Lie, don’t be rash."


 Bai clan and gang arrived, forming a semi circle around Fang Yuan.


 A stand-off!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Heaven isn’t blind, Bai clan is evil and got punished, and the kind Fang Yuan was rewarded for his selfless act of saving Shang Xin Ci.



***
Chapter 294: Crimes have to be punished!


***





 Chapter 294: Crimes have to be punished!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan slightly furrowed his eyebrows and lightly glanced at the group.


 He had some impression of Bai Zhan Lie; the number one genius from Bai clan’s younger generation, they had even drank together at one time.


 Bai Lian was even more familiar, she had accompanied him for some time, using honey trap on him. Unfortunately, how could beauty shake Fang Yuan’s heart? The result was that Fang Yuan played her at her own game.


 Others such as Bai Feng, Tie Dao Ku and so on, Fang Yuan did not recognize them.


 Even so, Fang Yuan knew this group of people’s origins and motives.


 This was the victim’s family coming to visit.


 "Justice has long arms, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, you slaughtered my Bai clan’s two young clan leaders, you will not escape justice even if you escape to Shang clan city!" Bai Feng shouted.


 "Fang Zheng, the trap you buried killed my Tie clan’s young master and clansmen. This hatred is absolutely irreconcilable, I, Tie Dao Ku, will take your head!" Tie Dao Ku’s expression was flared up as he pointed at Fang Yuan’s nose and roared.


 The disturbance here immediately attracted the attention of nearby passerbys. To go where the crowds were, it was human nature; more people began to pay attention.


 "Oh, you are a Tie clansman? Strange! How could I have no idea what you are talking about if I killed your clansmen?" Fang Yuan sneered.


 "Stop denying it! You have the charred thunder potato mother Gu, you dug the pitfalls with extremely sinister intentions. My Tie clan group stepped into your pitfall, the explosions blew up even their corpses. We have been chasing your all the way, who could it be besides you?" Tie Dao Ku’s eyes seemed to be almost shooting out flames, wishing he could immediately cut Fang Yuan into pieces.


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan was dazed for a moment before he started laughing, "So it was like that, it seems I did the right thing by digging those pitfalls. Thank you for telling me this good news and making me happy."


 "You!" Tie Dao Ku opened his eyes wide, he was seething with anger, "You admitted it! You actually admitted it! Good, very good, Fang Zheng, you are dead meat. You dared to kill my Tie clan’s young master, you have made an enemy out of Tie clan!"


 "So what?" Fang Yuan shrugged his shoulders and sarcastically said, "Laughable, I dug those pitfalls to deal with the grass skirt monkeys. But you guys stepped on them, this can only be blamed on your Tie clansmen for not having eyes. Moreover, what crimes did I commit for you guys to tail after me? Courting your own death, hehehe, it is good that they died, it is fabulous that they died..."


 The surrounding people were dumbstruck.


 "He provoked a Tie clansman so directly?"


 "Has Fang Zheng gone crazy? Tie clan is also one of the lords of southern border and isn’t any weaker than Shang clan."


 "Tie clan has captured demonic Gu Masters from everywhere and its famous demon suppression tower is the nemesis of the demonic path. Fang Zheng actually killed a young master of this clan!"


 "He has the purple thorn token and knows he is safe! As long as he stays in Shang clan city, he would be a distinguished guest of Shang clan. Even if Tie clan leader came, Lord Shang Yan Fei would need to protect him. If he didn’t protect Fang Zheng and the news spread out, it would signify that Shang clan is afraid of Tie clan. Hehe..."


 The discussion of the surrounding people calmed down Tie Dao Ku who was burning in anger.


 Fang Yuan possessed a purple thorn token and his cultivation was now rank three; dealing with him was not as easy as before.


 "Hmph, Fang Zheng, don’t think you are safe by hiding here. You want to rely on the battle stage to become Shang clan’s external elder? In your dreams! I will tell you, as long as I Bai Feng am here, you will never be able to dominate the battle stage!" Elder Bai Feng said in a gloomy tone.


 Tie Dao Ku followed immediately: "Fang Zheng, I will deal with you in the battle stage. There is no escape for you, the huge crime you have commited must receive severe punishment!"


 "Oh, you guys want to stop me in the battle stage?" Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a trace of cold light.


 He was not afraid of these people, even though Bai Feng, Tie Dao Ku, Bai Zhan Lie and Bai Lian were all rank three Gu Masters.


 If they were going to deal with him through the battle stage, they could not display their superiority in numbers.


 "It is just that my current situation...."


 Fang Yuan mumbled inwardly then suddenly chuckled and said to Bai Feng: "Your Bai clan obtained Bai Gu inheritance but are still not satisfied and want to deal with me? Without me, how could you have obtained the inheritance? Hmph, it seems you don’t want to know the whereabouts of your two young clan leaders."


 The Bai clansmen immediately revealed astonished expressions.


 From Fang Yuan’s tone, it seemed the two young clan leaders were not dead...


 "Fang Zheng, what do you mean?" Bai Feng immediately asked in bewilderment.


 "Fang Zheng, don’t try to deceive us with lies. We have searched almost everywhere in Bai Gu inheritance ground but haven’t found even a trace of the two young clan leaders." Bai Lian coldly shouted.


 "It was me who found the Bai Gu inheritance, does Bai clan think it has more understanding of the place than me? Ridiculous!"


 Fang Yuan disdainfully scoffed and continued: "Why would I retreat while carrying those two burdens? Can’t you think with your brains? Deceive you? Hmph, I am not even afraid of Tie clan, why would I fear your puny Bai clan?"


 "Fang Zheng, if the two young clan leaders are still alive then this will just be a misunderstanding, our Bai clan... is not an unreasonable clan." Bai Feng picked his words carefully to coax Fang Yuan into revealing the whereabouts of the two young clan leaders.


 "You want to know? Hehe, fine. It just so happens that I am starving, how about you treat me to a meal? Let’s go to third inner city’s most famous Shi Zi restaurant." Fang Yuan indifferently said.


 Bai clansmen looked at each other.


 The whereabouts of the two young clan leaders was extremely important since it affected the future of Bai clan.


 Despite Bai clan having extreme hatred towards Fang Yuan, elder Bai Feng gritted his teeth and nodded: "Alright, let’s go there!"


 Shi Zi restaurant was not just a simple restaurant, but was a luxurious brothel.


 This restaurant introduced women from foreign lands like Northern Plains, Eastern Seas and Western Desert; the women were all enchanting, with plump butt and large breasts. Another speciality of this restaurant was their lion meatball and was served on a human.


 Lion’s meat, tiger’s meat and all kinds of precious ingredients were made into meatballs and displayed on top of a beautiful woman in between her breasts.


 The name lion meatball held deep meanings. It was not only to eat the food, but also to ’eat human’.


 The reason why Fang Yuan wanted to visit this place was not because he was interested in lion meatball, but because this restaurant had a strong background and contained many secret private rooms. Many Shang clansmen would often choose a private room for their private affairs, concealing their names and had no worries about news leaking.


 Fang Yuan chose a secret room and sat along with everyone.


 A feast was laid before them, the aroma of the dishes assailed their nostrils. However, they did not order the signature dish, lion meatball.


 "Say it, where are our two young clan leaders?" Bai Feng impatiently asked the moment he sat down.


 "Before I tell you, I would like to ask this Tie clan Gu Master to stay outside for a moment." Fang Yuan gazed at Tie Dao Ku.


 "Why?" Tie Dao Ku’s gaze was sharp as knife, as he ruthlessly cut off Fang Yuan. A bad feeling emerged in his mind.


 "Because this is a private affair between me and Bai clan!" Fang Yuan’s tone was unyielding, "Besides me, everyone else should be Bai clansmen, otherwise I guarantee I won’t say a word!"


 Bai Feng hesitated, the matter concerned the two young clan leaders, he had to be careful about it, thus he looked at Tie Dao Ku.


 Tie Dao Ku snorted and annoyedly left the secret room, closing the door shut.


 The sound produced in the secret room was isolated from the outside.


 "Say it, where are the two young clan leaders, don’t even think of deceiving us! This is Shang clan city, there are many Gu worms that can verify your words." Bai Feng sternly asked.


 Fang Yuan lifted a wine cup and sipped at it: "Whereabouts? Of course, they are both dead, you guys are really naive! Since I made an enemy out of your Bai clan, I will naturally eliminate all threats!"


 "What!"


 "You dared to toy with us?


 "Fang Zheng, you are courting death!!"


 The Bai clansmen stood up furiously, their flaming anger pressed on towards Fang Yuan.


 They were full fury but could not take any actions.


 This was not Bai clan’s territory, Fang Yuan possessed a purple thorn token and also had impressive strength. They would definitely have to pay a catastrophic price to kill Fang Yuan. Most importantly, if they killed him like this, it was making an enemy out of Shang clan!


 Your Bai clan killed my Shang clan’s esteemed guest in Shang clan city, hehe.


 Bai clan was now facing the crisis of their spirit spring drying up, they were in a precarious situation. Now, after obtaining the Bai Gu inheritance, many forces were eyeing it covetously, if they provoked a titan like Shang clan on top of that, the consequences would be too dire to imagine!


 Fang Yuan calmly sat on his seat, he raised his eyes and looked at everyone, then indifferently said:


 "I actually admire you guys. Your Bai clan’s spirit spring is drying up and are in deep trouble, yet you guys still have the mood for leisure and came chasing after me. Hehe, you are really amazing."


 These words were like a bolt of lightning which fiercely struck their hearts, causing tides to surge in elder Bai Feng’s heart.


 He was horrified as he blurted out: "This... how do you know this?!"


 This information was sealed off by Bai clan’s higher ups, even Bai Zhan Lie and Bai Lian did not know it. But Fang Yuan laid bare the secret with one sentence, how could it not frighten Bai Feng?


 "Of course it was from your noble clan’s two young clan leaders. Before I killed them, they knelt and begged for forgiveness, trying to use this information to obtain my trust and exchange for their lives." Fang Yuan talked nonsense, anyway, dead men tell no tales.


 "Impossible! This information is only confined to clan leader and few elders. The two young clan leaders are young and ignorant, how could we let them know this?!" Bai Feng immediately retorted.


 Fang Yuan curled his lips: "Maybe they heard it when they were playing around? After all, their mother is your clan leader. These are just minor details."


 "Lord clan elder, is what he said about the spirit spring drying up true?"


 "How could this be, if the clan’s spirit spring dries up..."


 Bai Lian, Bai Zhan Lie and others questioned one after another, their expressions worried and frightened.


 Spirit spring was the foundation of a clan, there was no need to mention its importance. If the clan lost the spirit spring, no matter how strong it was, it would only be rootless weed.


 Bai Feng immediately came back to his senses by their questions and inwardly knew he had messed up.


 Maybe Fang Yuan was only guessing, the two young clan leaders were young, their credibility were not high.


 Bai Feng felt immense regret and wished he could give himself a tight slap. He was impatient and could not hide secrets. Otherwise, when he was young, he would not have been driven out of the clan by his father to force him to mold his character.


 These years, he had cultivated some shrewdness but in the end, a leopard cannot change its spots.


 But honestly, he could not be blamed. Spirit spring was too important, Bai Feng was carrying this burden in his heart. The pressure was accumulating like a volcano and burst out due to Fang Yuan’s one sentence.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 This is heaven punishing Bai clan for their crimes...



***
Chapter 295: Actually, I was a victim too


***





 Chapter 295: Actually, I was a victim too


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bai Feng’s expression was gloomy and his gaze kept on flashing. He was thinking of denying this but Fang Yuan saw through his plan.


 "Don’t even try to cover it, it’s no use. As the spirit spring continues to dry up, the primeval stones produced will also decrease sharply. Bai clan has been concealing it well, you have either used your remaining stock in the storage or traded to fill up this gap. But this will definitely leave traces, as long as someone carefully investigates it, they will find out." Fang Yuan was calm and comfortable.


 Bai Feng tightly clenched his fists, glaring at Fang Yuan like he wanted to swallow him alive.


 Looking at the appearance of this elder, even a stupid person would realize the truth.


 "Our clan’s spirit spring is drying?" Bai Lian was dazed, leaning on her chair listlessly.


 Bai Zhan Lie bit his lips, going silent.


 The others also did not speak, they were astonished and terrified. The atmosphere in the secret room turned extremely oppressive.


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan chuckled, "Your Bai clan is really in danger. Even a stronger clan will collapse if their spirit spring dries up and they don’t find a new spirit spring. Now, you have obtained Bai Gu inheritance, the forces around you are all coveting it; tell me, what will happen if I spread this secret information?"


 "No!" Bai Lian lost color in her face and immediately interjected.


 The others also thought of the seriousness of the matter and their expressions turned grave.


 Now, Bai clan had obtained Bai Gu inheritance, their strength rose due to the benefits gained from Fang Yuan’s discovery. The few neighbouring large clans were staring at them covetously, but also held their guard.


 If the news of the spirit spring drying up was exposed, Bai clan would lose their deterrence and become a paper tiger; the surrounding forces were sure to make their move!


 Those forces would never want to see Bai clan survive this ordeal and because of the Bai Gu inheritance, rise in power and suppress them.


 Hence, this information had to be guarded!


 Bai clan’s gang were startled awake by Fang Yuan, gaining some understanding of the situation. Bai Zhan Lie and others fixed their gazes at Fang Yuan, their eyes shining even more fiercely and emitted killing intent.


 "Want to kill me?" Fang Yuan sneered and shook his finger, "Since I am meeting with you alone, I have naturally made thorough preparations. In truth, if you hadn’t come to find me, I would have gone to find you."


 These were not senseless words. The Bai clansmen had no choice but to restrain their killing intent and retract the ominous glint in their eyes.


 "Alright, let’s get down to business now." The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips slightly curled up as he adjusted his sitting posture.


 He pointed his hands down and said: "Take a seat and let’s discuss it."


 "Discuss what, what’s there to talk about with you? Hmph!" Bai Feng’s expression was gloomy, but despite saying so, he still sat down.


 The remaining clansmen hesitated for a while before sitting down.


 The tense situation immediately eased a little.


 "Of course we are going to discuss the fees to keep me silent. Was it easy for me to lead you here? Wasting my time and energy, you should compensate me! Primeval stones, I want primeval stones. Give me three million primeval stones and I can promise you I won’t reveal this information."


 The Bai clansmen immediately stood up again when they heard Fang Yuan.


 "You dare to threaten us!"


 "You killed our two young clan leaders, and dare to demand primeval stones?!"


 "Fang Zheng, don’t go too far. At worst, I will stake my old life and take you down with me!!"


 The group roared and growled in anger.


 "Hahaha." Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed. He then stood up and a cold light blossomed in his dark eyes as he looked at the group.


 "That’s right, I am threatening you! You don’t agree? Then I will simply leak this information. What did you say, you want to die together with me? Hmph, even if I die, this information will be leaked to the world. At that time, you will become the sinners of the clan; because you didn’t agree to my request, your clan will be besieged by the surrounding forces!"


 "You, you, you..." Elder Bai Feng was angered to his limit as he speechlessly pointed at Fang Yuan.


 The other clansmen also glared at Fang Yuan with furious eyes while gritting their teeth, but no one moved.


 "You what?" Fang Yuan sneered at Bai Feng, his tone full of disdain, "What can you do to me? Kill me? I have a purple thorn token, do you dare to try it? I know you are all courageous, not afraid of death. But your clan is the most important. If your family and friends die, it will be all because of you!"


 The Bai clansmen clenched their fists, standing stunned on the spot.


 "Ahh—!" Bai Zhan Lie suddenly raised his head and shouted, he then lifted his fist and smashed it down.


 Due to his furious punch, the whole banquet table was smashed and the dishes crashed to the ground.


 He felt deep hatred!


 His grandfather Bai Zhan Wen had died because of Fang and Bai. This hatred was irreconcilable!


 Because of this, he joined the pursuit group, constantly running about, now that he finally found the killer...


 The enemy was clearly in front of him, but he could not do anything! Fang Yuan was clearly within his reach, but he could not exact revenge!


 Not only could he not exact revenge, he still had to endure Fang Yuan’s threat.


 His chest burned with anger, an anger that threatened to burn the sky and was already burning his heart. But he could not move, he did not dare to imagine the consequences if he moved. His life was a minor thing, but the whole clan might face a calamity because of him!!


 "No need to get angry. Actually, in this whole event, I was also a victim." Fang Yuan’s tone relaxed and said with a sigh.


 "Just think of it, Bai Gu inheritance was originally mine, but your Bai clan stole it from me. Your Bai clan chased after me and Bai Ning Bing, we were forced to kill Bai Hua and Bai Sheng to make it easier to escape. Later, I suffered serious injuries and landed on Zi You mountain, having close encounter with death all along the way. Do you think it was easy for me?"


 "Your Bai clan’s power is huge and I can’t afford to offend it. I could only curl up in Shang clan city, but you still won’t let me go. Tell me, what should I do? I am not someone who is unreasonable, three million primeval stones, that is the lowest I will go. I am very sincere, I have told this secret to only a few people and haven’t spread it outside. I also intentionally sent the Tie clansman outside in consideration for your Bai clan."


 Fang Yuan’s expression was very sincere.


 "Three million primeval stones, you are demanding an exorbitant price!"


 "Fang Zheng, let’s be fair, how did our Bai clan treat you! We treated you nicely with food and accomodation, but what came out of it? You repaid our kindness with enmity!"


 "Our clan’s two young clan leaders died in your hands, elder Bai Zhan Wen also died because of you. Many of our expert clansmen also died or got seriously handicapped while protecting you on your travels around Bai Gu mountain!"


 The Bai clan’s group all had different expressions; some were extremely angry, some were sneering and some were crying, but they all had a similarity — their deep hatred towards Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed, he gave a cold smile: "It seems you are still not aware of the situation, I tried to give you face, but you don’t want it? Very well."


 Fang Yuan stood up and turned to leave.


 Bai clansmen immediately fell into panic.


 "Wait, wait a moment." Bai Feng was desperate as he sidestepped and blocked Fang Yuan.


 "I will tell you honestly, I am going to go sell this information now. I believe Shang clan’s Feng Yu Manor will give a good price for it. Can you guess how much they are going to pay me?" Fang Yuan smiled sinisterly.


 "Fang Zheng, don’t go too far!" Bai Zhan Lie roared and quickly walked towards Fang Yuan and stared at him dead on.


 Fang Yuan nonchalantly said: "You want to attack me? You want to put your clan in danger?"


 Bai Zhan Lie’s inner fire was stumped, as he stood stunned.


 Slap!


 Fang Yuan took this chance and slapped. He was very strong and with just a little strength, he sent the energetic Bai Zhan Lie retreating five to six steps.


 "What do you think you are doing?!" Bai clansmen immediately flared up and surrounded Fang Yuan.


 "Do you all want to become the sinners of your clan?" Fang Yuan snorted, his words were like ice, dousing the Bai clansmen’s surging anger.


 "You unappreciative scum." Fang Yuan pointed at Bai Zhan Lie, "If I don’t teach you a lesson, do you really think you are the Heavenly Emperor?"


 Fang Yuan showed no restraint in berating Bai Zhan Lie in front of the Bai clansmen.


 He next looked at everyone: "You are all idiots! If I wanted Bai clan to face a calamity, it just takes one sentence from me! A wise man succumbs to circumstances , you still can’t see the situation clearly? Make a move if you want. Come, even if I die, having your Bai clan accompany me in death won’t be so bad."


 Fang Yuan was completely surrounded, but his attitude was still unbridled.


 Instead it was Bai clansmen, who were bigger in numbers, that had to give in while gritting their teeth and clenching their fists.


 Bai Zhan Lie held his swollen face, his eyes bloodshot. This humiliation almost caused the anger in his his heart to burst up to the nine heavens. The veins in his forehead bulged out as he tried his best to maintain the final sliver of reason left in his mind.


 The clan was their weak spot; Fang Yuan targeted this and also showed an attitude that was unafraid of death, causing Bai clan fall into a hopeless situation where they could only tolerate Fang Yuan.


 "I will give you thirty breaths of time to consider." Fang Yuan continued.


 The group of Bai clansmen immediately fell into a struggle.


 They did not want to lower their heads to Fang Yuan, this murderer. However, if they did not lower their heads, their clan would be in danger.


 They were at a loss and all of them looked towards elder Bai Feng.


 Bai Feng’s clenched fists slowly loosened before he again clenched them and unclenched after a while.


 This continued again and again, showing the struggle in his heart.


 Thirty breaths of time passed by, but Fang Yuan looked like he had forgotten it.


 Bai Feng was impatient, but he only opened his mouth after five minutes, breaking the silence.


 "Three million... is too much. We can’t agree to this. Moreover, we don’t have that much money on us!" His voice was hoarse like a guy who was about to die of thirst in desert.


 He listlessly loosened his hands, having no more strength to clench them again.


 For the clan, he had no choice but to give priority to the overall situation. Despite wishing he could cut Fang Yuan into pieces, he chose to lower his head for the moment.


 The other Bai clansmen also felt their hearts relieved after hearing his words. Their killing intent towards Fang Yuan sank into the shadows, becoming thicker and deeper.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "The three million does not need to be paid in full, just take it slowly, for now hand over five hundred thousand."


 "Five hundred thousand? Why would we carry so many primeval stones with us?!" Bai Feng refuted.


 Fang Yuan’s brows raised: "You can borrow from loan sharks, pawn your belongings or even sell Gu worms... no matter what you do, I need five hundred thousand primeval stones within a day. Moreover, I do not want to see any of Bai clan’s people staying in Shang clan city!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Sweet sweet justice.



***
Chapter 296: Auction


***





 Chapter 296: Auction


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "What are they doing inside, it has already been over an hour..." Outside the secret room, Tie Dao Ku was standing with his arms crossed, the doubt in his heart increasing with time.


 The secret room isolated sound but it was not firm. In the case where a fight broke out, he would be able to immediately sense it.


 The problem, however, was that it had been calm and quiet since the start, making Tie Dao Ku unable to figure it out.


 Creak.


 Just as he was thinking this, the door opened from the inside.


 "Brother Dao Ku, please come inside, we have finished our talk." A Gu Master of Bai clan informed.


 Tie Dao Ku entered the secret room, the first thing he saw was the table smashed by Bai Zhan Lie and all kinds of dishes scattered on the ground.


 Tie Dao Ku could not help but raise his brows.


 Clearly, this feast could not be enjoyed anymore. Even if it could, the Bai clansmen present there did not have any appetite.


 Their faces were ashen and their expressions sluggish as if they had suffered heavy injuries.


 Only Fang Yuan’s complexion was normal and even looked healthier than normal.


 Just now, he had reached an agreement with the Bai clansmen and everything was settled by using poison vow Gu on the spot.


 "What happened?" Tie Dao Ku was bewildered.


 "I will leave first, take care." Fang Yuan left these words and walked out of the secret room.


 "Fang Zheng, just wait for me at the battle stage!" Tie Dao Ku growled.


 Fang Yuan ignored him and walked away, disappearing from everyone’s sights.


 "What exactly happened here?" Tie Dao Ku was very puzzled. How could talking for a while make all these Bai clansmen’s expression change, he could not feel any flames of hatred in them.


 "Sigh...." Bai Feng heaved a deep sigh.


 He raised his head and looked at Tie Dao Ku, his gaze complex: "Brother Tie, something happened and it is not convenient for me to speak of it. We are withdrawing, we cannot go against Fang and Bai anymore."


 "What?" Tie Dao Ku cried out involuntarily, revealing an incredulous expression.


 "Our Bai clan has little assets, we cannot afford to take risks. Take care!" Bai Feng stood up and walked straight out of the secret room.


 "You don’t have to be worried, he is relying on Shang clan, but isn’t my Tie clan also one of the lords of the southern border?" Tie Dao Ku hurriedly tried to persuade them. To deal against Fang and Bai, it was better with more people. If Bai clan left, he would be all alone!


 However, how could he know the situation behind this?


 His persuasion was of no use, Bai clan was bent on leaving and he was not able to stop them anymore.


 Looking at the image of the Bai clansmen leaving, Tie Dao Ku’s expression turned extremely cold and mumbled to himself: "The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting; Fang Zheng, you made a good move! But don’t think I, Tie Dao Ku, will give up just like this. Hmph!"


 His will was firm, others might have given up, but he still chose to persist.


 He decided to register his name at the battle zone right away. He would hunt Fang Yuan in the battle stage!


 "Sir, please stop." A waiter ran over and politely stopped Tie Dao Ku with a smile on his face: "You haven’t paid the bill."


 "...what?"


 ...


 "Five hundred thousand primeval stones, how can we prepare such a large sum of money within a day?" Walking on the spacious street, Bai Lian voiced out her worries.


 "With my identity as an elder of Bai clan, I can go to the loan sharks to borrow three hundred thousand. As for the remaining two hundred thousand... I will have to pawn small tornado." Bai Feng understood the situation.


 The other Bai clansmen were moved.


 Bai Zhan Lie cried out: "Lord Elder, small tornado Gu is your core Gu, are you really going to pawn it?"


 Bai Feng let out a bitter smile.


 "Even with elder pawning small tornado Gu, it won’t be enough to get two hundred thousand. Add in my lotus cloth Gu." Bai Lian pursed her lips.


 With this, the remaining Bai clansmen also understood.


 "Pawn my fountain thoughts Gu as well."


 "My little wind drill Gu as well."


 "I will contribute my three forked bone spear..."


 Bai Feng slowly nodded: "You all have the spirit of sacrificing for the clan, there is no worry that Bai clan won’t flourish. Today’s disgrace will be paid a thousand times over in future. But now, we still need to think of the clan. I decided on this, so I will take all the responsibility for this matter once we return to the clan."


 "Lord Elder!" The group was stunned.


 They could not take their revenge and had to instead sign a disgraceful and unfair treaty. Although it was the best choice, there would definitely be heavy pressure and criticism when they returned to the clan.


 Political struggles existed everywhere.


 However, Bai Feng was going to bear the responsibility for the whole affair, no doubt he was protecting the political prospects of Bai Lian, Bai Zhan Lie and the others.


 Bai Feng revealed an affectionate smile and sighed: "No need to say anything, I am already old, the clan’s future lies on your shoulder. How could we gain anything without giving and sacrificing? It is because of countless people sacrificing and enduring humiliation, that the clan is able to thrive, and preserve the smile of our family members."


 "Yes!" Bai Lian, Bai Zhan Lie and others nodded, realization dawned on their minds.


 Their ashen expressions gradually disappeared and were replaced with a gaze that was glowing brighter and brighter.


 ...


 Three days later, in a large scale auction.


 "Ladies and gentlemen, you are looking at a frost breath Gu. Rank three Gu worm, able to breathe out cold air which has the effect of inflicting frostbites and slowing your opponents. Frost breath Gu’s biggest advantage is that every activation only consumes five percent of light snow primeval essence. The starting bid is twenty-three thousand primeval stones!" On a round platform, the hosting Gu Master was speaking through sound amplify Gu.


 "Twenty-five thousand."


 "Twenty-eight thousand."


 "Thirty thousand!"


 After a round of intense bidding, the frost breath Gu was sold for thirty eight thousand primeval stones.


 Fang Yuan calmly looked down at the circular stage from his seat.


 He was sitting in a private room at the auction; others could not see him. This was the benefit of having a purple thorn token.


 In small scale auctions, he could use the purple thorn token to buy auctioned goods in advance. He was not able to do that for the large scale auctions.


 "Please take a look, this is a flame heart Gu. Its shape is like a miniature volcano. After refining it, it resides in the heart of the Gu Master. As everyone knows, its ability is to strengthen fire type Gu worm’s attacks. Rank three flame heart Gu, starting bid of thirty thousand primeval stones!" The hosting Gu Master shouted loudly from the platform.


 He had just finished speaking, when someone immediately made a bid: "Thirty-five thousand!"


 The first bid immediately raised the bid by five thousand primeval stones, showing a clear assertiveness.


 But this could not stop interested parties.


 "Thirty-six thousand!"


 "Thirty-eight thousand."


 "Forty thousand..."


 The price finally stopped at forty-two thousand.


 "Looks like these people are quite rational. This is a reasonable price..." Fang Yuan watched this from the private room, evaluating the situation.


 Shang clan city frequently traded, this type of large scale auctions were held at fixed intervals. The Gu Masters living in Shang clan city were all used to it and were smart when bidding in auctions.


 No one was foolish.


 Of course, there were occasional extravagant participants.


 Fang Yuan had observed for a long while, today’s auction did not seem to have such a person.


 This was his luck and also others’ luck.


 If there had been such a person, Fang Yuan would have to start bidding and empty out these people’s capital early. This type of battle of wits and contest of force was child’s play to Fang Yuan.


 All the Gu showed in the large scale auctions were rare and precious. All of them were rank three or above, there was almost none below rank three.


 Besides the Gu worms, there were also rare Gu food, rare Gu refinement materials, Gu refinement recipe, information about some inheritances, perfect looking gambling rocks; there were also female slaves, male slaves, captured beast kings and so on.


 Frost breath Gu and flame heart Gu were sold for about thirty to forty thousand; this price could only be considered to be low compared to other auction goods.


 Soon, Fang Yuan saw a rank four grass tree army Gu being sold for two hundred and fifty thousand primeval stones.


 Grass tree army Gu could turn every plant and tree within a certain range of the Gu Master into an offensive method. In the terrains of Southern Border, it was an absolute killing weapon.


 Ordinary rank four Gu could cost up to a hundred thousand primeval stones. Grass tree army Gu’s price already reached the price of an ordinary rank five Gu.


 Fang Yuan carried five hundred thousand on him right now, but at this auction, it really was not much and could only buy two grass tree army Gu.


 Instant success Gu was a rank four rare Gu.


 After a bidding competition, Fang Yuan successfully bought it with over one hundred and eighty thousand primeval stones.


 Next, he spent a total of eighty-three thousand primeval stones to buy a white silver relic Gu and a golden shield Gu.


 He did not make any bids after that.


 Primeval stones could not be spent recklessly and should be spent in useful areas. Currently, all-out effort Gu was his core, he also had self-reliance Gu. He lacked a bitter strength Gu; this Gu was not cheap, moreover it was extremely rare, rarely seen even at Shang clan city.


 Why?


 Because the fusion success rate was extremely low, so there were only a small number of people who used it.


 Gu worm’s transactions also depended on the supply and demand of the market. With low demand and high production costs, the supply would naturally be low.


 "If I can’t buy bitter strength Gu, then I can only try refining it myself. It is just that its success rate really causes a headache."


 "I got the white silver relic Gu, but there is no hurry to use it. If I was cultivating alone, it would be better if I used it earlier, but now that I have Bai Ning Bing to rely on. I will leave the white silver relic Gu to use for later."


 "I have used over two hundred and seventy thousand primeval stones today, now just over two hundred and twenty thousand remains. I will accumulate them for the super sized auction held every two years in Shang clan city."


 "Li Ran told me that Bai clan’s group has indeed left Shang clan city. Although I extorted three million out of them, I can’t underestimate this clan. Suffering in silence with the mentality of sacrificing, no wonder they rose to power abruptly in my previous life. Right now, they are using the excuse of exploring Bai Gu inheritance to recklessly search for the spirit spring in Bai Gu mountain. The progress is a lot faster than in my previous life, I have no choice but to be vigilant against them."


 "Bai clan has already chased me to here, would Tie clan be far off? Tie clan, demon suppression tower... as for that Tie Dao Ku, he is of no worry for the moment."


 Just as Fang Yuan was making future plans, at the entrance of Shi Zi restaurant.


 Eighteen foreign girls stood in two rows, laughing and chatting with each other.


 They wore revealing clothes and the fragrance of their makeup filled the air. They had plump breasts and looked sultry.


 They had no need to solicit customers, just standing there was the best signboard, attracting countless male Gu Masters to loiter around and enter.


 With a grim face, Tie Dao Ku was standing at the side with several other Gu Masters, guarding the entrance.


 Humiliating!


 The shame in his heart had reached its limits.


 To think that Shi Zi restaurant’s banquet was so expensive, without any money to pay for it, he could only work to write off his debt.


 "Look at what a grand Tie clan’s Gu Master has fallen to, I am actually forced to do this type of thing! The restaurant has background and doesn’t care that I am a Tie clansman. Sigh! I hope no one sees me, absolutely no acquaintances..." Tie Dao Ku prayed desperately.


 "Eh! Isn’t this brother Tie Dao Ku? What are you doing here?" A voice arrived.


 Tie Dao Ku was immediately stunned.


 A familiar person...


 Familiar...


 Person...


 "Aaaah! Fang Zheng, just wait!" Veins bulged out of Tie Dao Ku’s forehead as he roared furiously in his heart.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Tie Dao Ku, the expert at raising flags.



***
Chapter 297: Instant Success Gu


***





 Chapter 297: Instant Success Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Yin cloud Gu."


 In the secret room, Fang Yuan sat on the cushion, muttering as he pointed his finger forward.


 Suddenly, a Gu came out of his aperture like a flash of light.


 The moment it appeared, it lightly exploded, turning into a dark black cloud.


 This cloud sank quickly, as it circulated within itself, in the blink of an eye, it landed on the ground, and placed Fang Yuan above the cloud layer.


 Fang Yuan sat on the black cloud, it was softer than the cushion, but slightly colder.


 He was not surprised, stretching out his index finger and pointing to the air.


 "Yang cloud Gu."


 A white light tore through the air as it exploded into pure white mist.


 Once the white cloud appeared, it wanted to rise, but sensed the black cloud below Fang Yuan.


 The two cloud layers had a formless attraction to each other, as the black and white clouds continued to roll internally, looking after one another.


 One was below Fang Yuan, while the other was above his head.


 The gloomy cloud was like ink, while the bright cloud was like foam, as the two converged, lightning appeared.


 Traces of blue lightning quickly flashed between these two clouds.


 Initially, there was one or two traces, but they soon multiplied, growing in numbers, in a few breath’s time, they formed into a field of lightning.


 Fang Yuan had already activated the canopy Gu, his body covered in a white armor.


 At the same time, he activated the all-out effort Gu as he casually stretched out his arm, and a wild boar phantom appeared behind him, becoming a giant boar image in the air.


 Crack crack.


 Once the boar phantom appeared, the lightning bolts acted like sharks attracted to blood , shooting towards it.


 In an instant, the boar phantom was forcefully suppressed, shrinking to the size of a stone mill. Lightning circulated in its body, like deep blue chains that trapped it.


 The rest of the lightning hit Fang Yuan’s body, but was blocked by the white armor.


 Fang Yuan recalled the all-out effort Gu, but this boar phantom did not vanish, like a caged bird, trapped firmly.


 Under the constant attack of the lightning cage, the boar phantom started to show signs of disappearing.


 Lightning, combining destruction and purification into one. After a thunderstorm, new life grows. The power of lightning specialized in destruction, and contained the destruction law fragment.


 At this point, Fang Yuan was using the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu to gather lightning and remove one of his wild boar strength.


 It had been three days since that auction.


 Although the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu was rank three, it was an ordinary Gu bought in the shop. Other than this, he also bought some material, and after failing once, he refined the eating one’s words Gu and removed the poison vow Gu on him.


 Fang Yuan had once used the black and white boar Gu on Qing Mao mountain, to gain the strength of two boars.


 The rank three all-out effort Gu can only summon one beast phantom at a time. After it reaches rank four, there are stronger beast phantoms available. Thus, the strength of two boars would be redundant and repetitive.


 Now that Fang Yuan had excess money, he decided to optimize his body.


 To get rid of this boar phantom, it would take some time, at least nineteen days. The cooperation of the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu to summon lightning was the most common and cheap method.


 Beast phantoms are the law fragments lurking in a person’s body. To get rid of them, it would take some effort.


 Fang Yuan carefully used the Yin cloud Gu and Yang cloud Gu, as both clouds moved rapidly, like two thick carpets filling the entire secret room.


 One white cloud covered the ceiling. One black cloud covered the floor.


 In the middle, lightning struck, bolts of blue lightning connected the two clouds and trapped the boar phantom as it slowly disintegrated.


 A soft ’crack crack’ sound, different from loud thunder, could be heard continuously.


 To get rid of this boar phantom, it would take a while, but now Fang Yuan called out another Gu.


 This Gu was like a dragonfly, three pairs of wings, palm size. It had four colors that shone brilliantly: jade green, sapphire blue, gold and bright red.


 This was the instant success Gu, its body containing the Dao mark of time. As the name suggests, it can speed up the flow of time, it was a rank four consumable Gu.


 Fang Yuan split his mind into three, controlling the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu, activating his primeval essence, and injecting them into the instant success Gu.


 His primeval sea level fell drastically, eighty, seventy, sixty percent...


 Instant success Gu was a rank four Gu, with his rank three initial stage cultivation, it was tough for Fang Yuan to activate it.


 When his light silver primeval essence fell to thirty percent, Fang Yuan halted his primeval essence usage, and the heavenly essence treasure lotus slowly opened up, as natural essence gushed out from it, instantly infected by Fang Yuan’s aura and becoming his light silver primeval essence.


 His primeval sea level started to rise, forty, fifty, sixty percent...


 Rinse and repeat, after his primeval sea level fell and rose several times, the instant success Gu was finally full, and once activated, it gave off a dazzling light show.


 This colorful display of lights shone on the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu and the beast phantom, dying the secret room with a rainbow color.


 The boar phantom’s disintegration accelerated.


 Originally, the speed of disintegration was almost unnoticeable by the naked eye. But now, like a snowball rolling down a mountain, the speed increased drastically.


 After more than ten breaths’ time, the wild boar phantom was completely destroyed.


 After confirming it, Fang Yuan quickly stopped using the instant success Gu, and kept his Yin Yang dual cloud Gu.


 He could return the Yin Yang dual cloud Gu back to the shop, with the purple thorn token, as long as it is within three days, Fang Yuan can return the Gu and get back the same amount he paid. It was safer than borrowing a Gu from people, and he would not make any loss.


 If he borrowed a Gu, the initiative is in their hands, with just a thought, they can take back the Gu in an instant, there would be nothing Fang Yuan could do.


 As for the instant success Gu.


 After the lights were dimmed as much as possible, its three pair of wings only had two left, and its entire body was slowly vanishing.


 Once this Gu was used, it could not be stopped, the lights will continue to shine and accelerate time accordingly. Fang Yuan reducing the light intensity would only prolong its remaining time.


 "Again."


 Fang Yuan made use of his remaining time, next, he activated the galloping horse strength Gu.


 This Gu was rank three, able to modify a Gu Master’s body and form a horse strength phantom for him.


 Under the influence of the galloping horse strength Gu, Fang Yuan’s body felt numb as the fragment of the strength law started to reside in his body.


 This process would last two to three months normally, it was time consuming.


 But now, Fang Yuan still had the instant success Gu.


 He breathed in deeply, releasing the restraints on the instant success Gu, and a dazzling light shone on him immediately.


 The numb feeling intensified at once, the two to three months of torture assaulted him, turning into a painful numb feeling.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, after five minutes, his body was drenched in sweat.


 But the horse strength phantom had successfully taken root in his body. After removing the strength of a boar, he added the strength of a horse!


 The instant success Gu’s light dimmed again, it had lost another wing in this process, it only had one pair of wings plus another half a piece.


 But Fang Yuan paid a much greater price.


 Instant success Gu had a great drawback, that is, in this short period, he lost three months of lifespan!


 "Again!"


 Fang Yuan wiped away his sweat, ignoring the intense pain in his body and used the Gu again.


 He had to make the best of his time, while the instant success Gu was still around, he had to make the best out of it.


 Green bull labor Gu!


 The dazzling light shone on his body again.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his eyebrows squeezing tightly, as his pain was even greater than earlier, like giant waves crashing on the shore.


 It was five minutes again, but this time, it was much harder to endure.


 Finally, through Fang Yuan’s determination, he endured through this period. His body gained the strength of a bull!


 The instant success Gu now, had two wings left, both tattered and torn. Its entire dragonfly body was turning translucent, like a hologram floating in the air.


 Fang Yuan felt an intense headache, his ears were buzzing and his heart was beating quickly.


 "Barely any time left..."


 He breathed in deeply, forcing himself to focus, as he activated the stone turtle strength Gu.


 But this time, the process only lasted half the time before the lights dimmed, and vanished, as the instant success Gu’s time was used up.


 The secret room fell into complete darkness after the lights vanished.


 The primeval sea was left with less than thirty percent of primeval essence, but under the help of the heavenly essence treasure lotus, it started to rise slowly.


 Heavenly essence treasure lotus was a rank three Gu, it was a very strong assistance to the recovering of Fang Yuan’s primeval essence.


 Fang Yuan breathed out deeply, feeling fatigue assault him, almost draining his entire body.


 Although he was seated on the cushion, his body was swaying, and he had difficulties sitting.


 Activating this instant success took half a year’s lifespan from him. It was a heavy price, but he managed to remove the boar phantom, and gain the strength of a bull, horse, and half a turtle!


 Thankfully, he was still young, he had enough lifespan to spare.


 Fang Yuan’s battle strength rose sharply!


 A day later, on the battle stage, Fang Yuan had his thirtieth match.


 Ding.


 The bell announced the start of the battle.


 "I admit defeat!"


 His opponent shouted, ending the battle.


 Thus, Fang Yuan obtained his thirtieth victory. In fifth inner city, he had thirty consecutive battles, thirty net wins, and rose to fourth inner city!


 No one was surprised by this result.


 The Gu Masters in fifth inner city battle stage saw him leave and sighed in relief.


 ...


 "I will return this sum of money to you!" Tie Dao Ku said with a serious expression, his attitude extremely firm.


 "Just a small matter, don’t mind it. Brother Tie, what plans do you have now?" His friend smiled.


 Tie Dao Ku showed a determined expression: "Gu Yue Fang Zheng is my target, I will not stop until I arrest him. I am going to participate in the Shang clan battle stage!"


 After saying bye to his friend, Tie Dao Ku came to the battle zone alone, but heard a nightmare.


 "What, Fang Zheng went to fourth inner city? Damn it!"


 Tie Dao Ku clenched his fist, indignant: "Fang Zheng, do you think you can escape? Hmph, if you went to fourth inner city, so will I. Not mentioning third inner city, but do you think fifth inner city can stop me? I have to hurry, I shall have my first match today!"


 "I refined the ice crystal Gu as my vital Gu. Coupled with the vitality Gu to prevent the backlash from the energy of the ice crystal, this way, my core is completed. For close range, I have ice edge Gu, and for long range, should I use snowball Gu or icicle Gu?" Bai Ning Bing thought along the way as she walked to the battle stage.


 "Eh? It’s you!" Tie Dao Ku saw Bai Ning Bing walk onto the stage, and was stunned before cheering: "Great! Heaven has eyes, for me to encounter you on the first match!"


 Bai Ning Bing heard this, and raised her beautiful jewel-like blue eyes, and spoke in her usual cold tone: "Who are you?"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 I’m not sure what is their obsession with heaven and eyes...



***
Chapter 298: Bai Ning Bing vs Tie Dao Ku


***





 Chapter 298: Bai Ning Bing vs Tie Dao Ku


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Honestly speaking, Bai Ning Bing did not know who Tie Dao Ku was.


 When Fang and Bai left Qing Mao mountain, Tie Dao Ku and gang were constantly lagging behind them. Even during Bai Gu mountain inheritance, the eventual battle did not involve Tie Dao Ku, nor did Fang and Bai meet him.


 Only until a while ago, when Tie Dao Ku and Bai clan came to Shang clan city, did he see Fang Yuan in person for the first time.


 But after that, Fang Yuan lured them to Shi Zi restaurant, and after a conversation, Bai clan took out all they had and ran away after giving him five hundred thousand, leaving Tie Dao Ku behind, arrested by Shi Zi restaurant and forced to be a guard outside the door.


 Bai Ning Bing did not know of his existence.


 But Tie Dao Ku recognised Bai Ning Bing.


 From the Bai clan arrest warrant, he had already engraved their appearances deep into his heart.


 Now that he saw Bai Ning Bing, he was exhilarated.


 Heaven is kind to me, heaven has eyes, giving me a chance to take revenge so quickly!


 But after his exhilaration, came intense rage.


 Bai Ning Bing’s ’who are you’ triggered the rage, hatred, humiliation, grievance in Tie Dao Ku, pouring out of a volcano like molten lava!


 You murderer, killing my young master, causing me to nearly die, and caused me to be forced into being a guard for a brothel, causing me to be seen by a friend, and losing my reputation.


 These were all caused by you, you culprit, And you, you don’t know who I am!


 "Ahhhh!" Tie Dao Ku screamed in fury, his neck turning red from shouting, as intense killing intent burst out of his body.


 Ding!


 The battle started, and Tie Dao Ku did not hesitate, charging towards Bai Ning Bing.


 Feeling her enemy’s intense killing intent, Bai Ning Bing squinted as she snorted coldly, rushing towards him as well.


 The two got closer rapidly, almost instantly appearing before each other.


 Iron hand Gu! Hand blade Gu!


 At once, Tie Dao Ku’s hands became iron, and the edges of his palms became sharp blades.


 Ice edge Gu!


 Bai Ning Bing placed her palms together, and split them apart, instantly forming a blade of pure ice.


 Clang!


 A crisp sound, and the iron hand blade collided with the frosty iceblade.


 The two crossed swords, and as they travelled five to six steps, Bai Ning Bing twisted her waist and flicked her wrist; three icicles flew towards Tie Dao Ku’s back.


 Tie Dao Ku growled, forcefully turning around his body and swinging his palms around, smashing the icicles into bits, then ferociously charging towards Bai Ning Bing again.


 Bai Ning Bing’s gaze became serious.


 After that short exchange, she had understood that this was a fierce opponent.


 "Very good, I can use him to assess the quality of my Gu set." Bai Ning Bing’s battle intent rose.


 She was not a monster like Fang Yuan, without such a massive pool of experience, she could only trial and error on her own. Entering the battle stage, one was to earn primeval stones, and two was to develop her own unique set of Gu worms.


 Swift shadow Gu!


 At this time, Tie Dao Ku’s speed increased, leaving a trace of shadows behind him like a tail.


 His acceleration allowed him to reach Bai Ning Bing in a moment.


 "So fast!" Bai Ning Bing’s pupils shrunk.


 Tie Dao Ku had already stretched out both arms, raising them high above his head, then splitting down, like an axe, chopping towards Bai Ning Bing.


 Even before he hit his target, the wind already blew Bai Ning Bing’s silver hair into the air, as her face felt a chill.


 The arms were like two sharp blades expanding in Bai Ning Bing’s vision.


 Tie Dao Ku first used iron hand Gu, then used the hand blade Gu to cause the edges of his palm to become sharp as a blade.


 Not only this, the two sides of his forearm also became dull blades.


 Tie Dao Ku’s attack was strong and heavy, with unparalleled sharpness, even a huge rock could be broken, not to mention a fragile human body.


 Even with her ice muscles jade bones, Bai Ning Bing did not dare to take it head on, forced to dodge.


 Bai Ning Bing retreated as she guarded with her iceblade.


 Tie Dao Ku rotated his arms, like a moving windmill, sending his hand blades slashing towards her.


 Clang clang clang...


 Iceblade and hand blade collided and continuously gave off a loud noise.


 Bai Ning Bing created another iceblade, dual wielding, as she retreated and blocked Tie Dao Ku’s furious assault.


 Ice edge Gu was the advancement of the rank two iceblade Gu, it had a tougher body and sharper edge.


 But Tie Dao Ku also used rank three Gu, using the combination of iron hand Gu and hand blade Gu, with the hand blade Gu was the core of his entire Gu set.


 At once, ice shards flew into the air, as the iceblade was filled with cracks.


 Tie Dao Ku whipped up a steel blade tornado, he was older and more experienced than Bai Ning Bing, with his anger unleashed, he attacked without rest, forcing Bai Ning Bing to retreat over a hundred steps.


 Tie Dao Ku was picked by the Tie clan young master and acted as his right hand man, he had to have some outstanding ability.


 If that Tie clan young master became the clan leader in the future, Tie Dao Ku would be like Wei Yang, promoted to an elder in the clan!


 Bai Ning Bing was fiercely suppressed, she was bound to lose if this continued. There were numerous cuts on her body as blood poured out.


 "This cannot go on... frost breath Gu!" Bai Ning Bing activated her primeval essence, injecting them into her tongue.


 There was a six sided ice flower symbol on her tongue, it was the insignia of the frost breath Gu.


 Her cheeks puffed up as she exhaled a breath of icy wind.


 The light blue icy wind engulfed Tie Dao Ku, causing his arms and half his chest to have a layer of frost.


 Coldness assaulted him, as Tie Dao Ku shivered, like he was doused with a bucket of icy water in the hot summer weather, causing his attacks to slow down.


 Bai Ning Bing quickly jumped back, pulling distance from Tie Dao Ku.


 Tie Dao Ku still wanted to get closer to her, but why would Bai Ning Bing give him the opportunity?


 Icicle Gu!


 Snowball Gu!


 Many icicles and snowballs formed, shooting towards Tie Dao Ku, attacking him like a torrent, as Tie Dao Ku’s assault was forcefully terminated.


 Bai Ning Bing breathed out in relief, Tie Dao Ku’s momentum was broken, as she finally caught her breath.


 "This person is obviously bad at long range and specializes in close range. But how could I lose in sword technique? Ice crystal Gu!"


 Bai Ning Bing was arrogant and proud, her silver hair fluttered as a fierce light shot out of her jewel-like blue eyes.


 The cuts earlier had already stopped bleeding, this was the effect of the ice muscles to stop bleeding.


 Ice crystal Gu was Bai Ning Bing’s vital Gu, once activated, the sound of water freezing could be heard all over Bai Ning Bing’s body.


 Her flesh and blood vanished, converted into a diamond-like crystal form.


 At a glance, she was like an ice sculpture, her expression disappeared, her cold appearance became even more emotionless. Her eyes stopped blinking and on the surface of her eyes, there was a thick layer of transparent frost.


 Her body grew slightly, her height increasing by two to three inches, and her entire aura had a dominating coldness.


 Tie Dao Ku’s ferocious attacks earlier gave her no time to activate the ice crystal Gu, but now she finally could.


 When Gu Masters use Gu, they would have to multitask.


 Be it battles or refinement, this was so. Even the strong Fang Yuan could only do three things at once with no error, he could not split his mind into four for a long time, otherwise mistakes would occur.


 Earlier, Bai Ning Bing had placed all her attention on Tie Dao Ku’s attacks, she concentrated extensively and could not think of anything else. If she activated her ice crystal Gu during that period, she would definitely be distracted and expose a weakness. If Tie Dao Ku made use of it, the consequences would be severe.


 Making any changes would require attention, in contrast, doing the same thing only needed one thought.


 "It is my turn now."


 She lightly shouted, taking huge steps and carried a cool killing intent, charging at Tie Dao Ku.


 Clang clang clang...


 The two collided and unleashed their attacks.


 Fighting offense with offense!


 Bai Ning Bing held her iceblades and waved them around, as Tie Dao Ku used his arms as blades, more agile and flexible.


 In a few breath’s time, they had unleashed over a hundred attacks, the white iceblade and the black steel hand blade, struck lightning fast, almost turning into a blur black and white silhouette.


 The surrounding spectators were not many, seeing this, they breathed in deeply and were shocked.


 Evenly matched!


 Bai Ning Bing had turned into ice crystal, her body was made of hard ice, when Tie Dao Ku hit her, he could only make a small scar on the ice.


 In contrast, Tie Dao Ku had a very outstanding defensive Gu, causing him to turn into a black iron man, when the iceblades hit him, they create slashing marks.


 But gradually, Tie Dao Ku felt increasing pressure.


 Bai Ning Bing had stop defending, and concentrated on attacking, thus, her attacks became increasingly sharper.


 "This person is improving so much amidst battle. She had such outstanding battle talent, she is using me as a practice dummy to refine her sword technique!" Tie Dao Ku was stunned in his heart, he could feel Bai Ning Bing’s attacks, becoming more refined and precise under pressure, as their force increased.


 His inner thoughts caused his movements to slow, and finally, Bai Ning Bing found her chance to strike.


 "A chance!" Bai Ning Bing’s eyes shone brilliantly, as her right hand slashed towards Tie Dao Ku’s brain.


 Tie Dao Ku could not dodge in time, thus had to defend against it. He was very confident of his defense, every close range Gu Master would not have weak defenses, as long as his eyes stayed intact, there was no issue.


 But at this time, Bai Ning Bing activated a Gu in her aperture.


 Ice explosion Gu!


 Bam!


 The iceblade in Bai Ning Bing’s right hand exploded intensely.


 This change caught Tie Dao Ku off guard, as the force of the explosion tore through his defenses.


 He subconsciously closed his eyes, as an intense pain assaulted him.


 "Oh no, it’s a trap!" Tie Dao Ku’s heart sank, he had a rich battle experience, meticulous and courageous, encountering this, he did not fluster but quickly used the swift shadow Gu to move backwards.


 Bai Ning Bing did not let go of such an opportunity, also activating her movement Gu and chased after him, hacking and slashing.


 Tie Dao Ku could hear her movements, with his experience and keen senses, he blocked most of Bai Ning Bing’s attacks.


 But Bai Ning Bing held the upper hand, at this moment, there was little hope of Tie Dao Ku turning this around.


 As he retreated, he barely opened his eyes, finding his left eye blind and his right heavily injured, as his vision was dyed red.


 "I admit defeat!" He screamed his throat out.


 "The battle has been decided, both sides stop now!" The hosting Gu Master quickly announced.


 Bai Ning Bing laughed coldly, attacking more urgently.


 But suddenly, a huge invisible force pulled her and Tie Dao Ku apart. In Shang clan city battle stage, there were obviously defensive measures.


 As long as the hosting Gu Master reacted in time and acts, there will hardly be any killings on purpose.


 "Hmph!" Bai Ning Bing showed displeasure, she felt this force holding onto her, not allowing her to move.


 She had to stop.


 Tie Dao Ku breathed roughly, removing his defense and quickly healing himself.


 He also had a healing Gu, but it could not heal his left eye, he could only stabilize his right eye’s condition and try to preserve it.


 "This scoundrel is truly shameless, I got tricked by her and almost died. Damn it! Too hateful!" Tie Dao Ku still had some afterfear mixed with rage and hatred.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Heaven has eyes but Tie Dao Ku doesn’t... anymore.



***
Chapter 299: Shut up, you fat pig!


***





 Chapter 299: Shut up, you fat pig!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "This match is over. I have consumed seventy percent of my primeval essence, only twenty percent is left..." After obtaining victory, Bai Ning Bing left the battle stage.


 She summarized her battle learnings while walking.


 She would summarize every match she fought. The battle with Tie Dao Ku today, although she felt a pity that she was not able to kill him, her gains were quite great.


 "The battle just now was intense but it lasted only a brief period. However, it expended a lot of my primeval essence, come to think about it I have A grade aptitude primeval essence recovery speed. During an intense battle, my set of Gu worms clearly has high primeval essence consumption issues."


 Many Gu Masters faced difficulties in this aspect when they organized their Gu worms.


 Who did not like powerful Gu worms? But often, those Gu worms with higher efficacy had higher consumption rates of primeval essence.


 Of course there were Gu worms who were powerful and consumed less primeval essence. But they were all rare Gu worms and were very expensive.


 Bai Ning Bing had extra money on hand, but it was not a lot. She was smart and after quickly realizing her situation, she started saving money.


 Before, she would spend money like water and had no clear concept of the value of primeval stones. That was because the clan spent all their efforts in cultivating her.


 Now, she was in charge of her own money during in this period of time, her awareness had a significant transformation.


 While Fang Yuan was growing, Bai Ning Bing too was improving rapidly in all aspects.


 "It would be good if I had Fang Yuan’s heavenly essence treasure lotus. At least in rank three stage, there would be no need to worry about primeval essence expenditure." Bai Ning Bing thought of this, inevitably having a feeling of jealousy.


 Fang Yuan walked the strength path. Strength path Gu consumed the least primeval essence and with his ninety percent A grade aptitude, he had an abundant source of primeval essence. Heavenly essence treasure lotus could not display its true value in his hands, it was simply casting pearls before a swine!


 "What if I buy heavenly essence treasure lotus from Fang Yuan?"


 Bai Ning Bing shook her head, quickly throwing away this impractical thought from her mind.


 She understood too well what kind of person Fang Yuan was.


 She had never seen him suffer a loss, if someday she was able to take heavenly essence treasure lotus from his hands, then it would definitely be after she pays a heavy price.


 "Without the help of the heavenly essence treasure lotus, I can only reduce the Gu worms on me."


 After carefully thinking it, Bai Ning Bing decided to give up on snowball Gu.


 Snowball Gu was a high tier Gu in rank three and she had planned to use it as a long range attacking method.


 However, this Gu expended quite a bit of primeval essence.


 It was still okay if she only used it one time. But how could she only send out one snowball in the midst of intense battle?


 Five to six snowballs after, her primeval essence consumption would amount to a lot.


 "I will give up snowball Gu and keep icicle Gu. Icicle Gu might only be rank two, but it can also restrict the opponent. It would be a threat if I use it with ice explosion Gu."


 Ice explosion Gu was a rank three Gu which could detonate ice and form an instantaneous destructive power.


 The larger, older, and colder the ice, the greater the power of the explosion.


 She was able to establish her dominance in the battle against Tie Dao Ku because of this ice explosion Gu.


 Of course, if the ice explosion spread towards Bai Ning Bing, she would also receive injuries. But if she turned her body into ice crystal, the severeness of injuries would fall to a low level.


 Thinking of the splendid battle just before, Bai Ning Bing licked her lips in excitement.


 A normal ice path Gu Master pursued defensive or trapping abilities. Only those like fire path Gu Masters or thunder path Gu Masters focused on explosive strength.


 However, Bai Ning Bing did the very opposite. The inspiration for it was the ice explosion Gu and she had not expected the results to be so good, beyond her original estimation.


 "Ice explosion Gu is brilliant and very effective in battle, I will continue to make full use of it later." Bai Ning Bing inwardly planned.


 She used to advocate a direct and straightforward fighting style; fierce and swift, slashing everything with her ice wind. However, she was influenced after being in contact with Fang Yuan all the time, and now was interested in making treacherous moves.


 She was interested in everything splendid in this world.


 "Ice crystal Gu, Ice edge Gu, Icicle Gu, Ice explosion Gu...can this set defeat Fang Yuan?"


 Bai Ning Bing considered this, considering Fang Yuan as her number one imaginary enemy.


 "Fang Yuan walks the strength path, he has all-out effort Gu and is much more domineering in close combat than that guy just before. With my current methods, it won’t be easy to win against him. Unless I can regain my killer move."


 Bai Ning Bing’s killer move was her self created ice blade storm. She had created this using revolving Gu paired with whirlwind Gu and ice blade Gu, forming the icy tornado.


 But now Bai Ning Bing’s vision had widened, this move was already old fashioned. Ice blade storm could bully rank two, but would be substandard in rank three realm.


 These days, she had been thinking of ways to improve and polish her killer move, but was not able to get any ideas.


 She suddenly thought of something and her pace quickened: "Oh right, today is Fang Yuan’s first battle after advancing to fourth inner city. It shouldn’t be too late if I go see now!"


 ...


 "Kill, kill him!"


 "Zhu Ba, finish this kid quick!"


 "The way I see it, Zhu Ba doesn’t even need to make a move and this Fang Zheng kid won’t be able to bear it."


 "Hehe, this kid is in trouble. He ran into Zhu Ba who happens to subdue his strength path on his first match!"


 The battle stage was lively and full of people.


 "Fang Yuan’s match has attracted many spectators. Well, the battle zone doesn’t have any restriction regarding the spectator’s cultivation. As long as the Gu Master has money, he can come watch." Bai Ning Bing arrived to the battle stage and looked around her before concentrating towards the stage.


 This was a mid-scale battle stage and the terrain was ordinary stone tiled floor.


 Fang Yuan and a heavily built Gu Master were fighting fiercely. According to the spectators’ comments, Fang Yuan’s opponent should be that Zhu Ba.


 Zhu Ba was huge, almost three meters tall. His whole body was full of fats, making his head and limbs look smaller. He was like a enlarged version of the Earth’s sumo wrestlers.


 In this world, whether it was a Gu Master or a mortal, their height normally did not cross two meters. Zhu Ba’s height was clearly the result of using some Gu worm.


 This was quite normal in fact.


 Many flying type Gu Masters would make their bones hollow to reduce the weight. Some earth burrowing Gu Masters would use bone shrinking Gu to turn into a dwarf; like this, their energy consumption would be much lower when drilling a tunnel.


 Bai Ning Bing did not have much knowledge about Zhu Ba, but from the continuous comments of the spectators around her, he understood Zhu Ba’s methods.


 Zhu Ba was a defensive Gu Master.


 The fats in his body provided him with a strong defense.


 Fang Yuan moved around Zhu Ba, punching and kicking him. When Zhu Ba received the strikes, the fat on his body shook like water ripples and dispersed the force of the attacks onto all parts of his body. Then with the use of a Gu, this force was gathered together and through a counter-shock method, it was returned back to Fang Yuan.


 According to sources, Zhu Ba received his Gu from a demonic inheritance. It was uncertain because he had never exposed the amount of Gu he had and their names.


 However, his method of fighting made people helpless, particularly effective against strength path Gu Masters.


 "Fang Zheng, take a rest, it is no use. I can send eighty percent of the force of your attacks back at you through counter-shock. Punches and kicks do nothing to me, instead you will be injured. Have you still not realized it?" Zhu Ba spoke in a low muffled voice.


 He directly sat on the battle stage, letting Fang Yuan attack him, giving an immovable presence.


 Boar phantom, brown bear phantom and crocodile phantom constantly flashed above Fang Yuan. It was the reappearance of the scene when he viciously beat the mountain back toad, but Zhu Ba was indifferent.


 No matter how much strength you used, the other did not even glance at you, who would not be discouraged by such a situation?


 However, Fang Yuan persevered and continued to move and attack Zhu Ba without saying a word.


 It had been like this since the match started and by now, fifteen minutes had passed.


 "Puff!" Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and suddenly took back a step, stopping his attacks.


 Blood seeped out from the corners of his lips; the counter-shock force from Zhu Ba jolted his organs, inflicting internal injuries on him.


 He had iron bones, steel tendons, canopy Gu and there was also golden shield Gu, but this shock passed through all his defense and attacked his internal organs.


 His internal organs were not strengthened at all, even though he was healing them with self-reliance Gu, the injuries were getting heavier.


 Fang Yuan stopped his offensive, the counter shock force also dissipated. Several breaths later, his internal organs were completely healed.


 The offensive resumed!


 He took a strong step and began his attacks; his fists smashed like a meteor, bringing with it the sound of the wind. The fats in Zhu Ba shook once again, creating ripples and sending it back.


 "Fang Zheng, you have a healing Gu, but so do I. You are suffering eighty percent of the attack, while I only receive twenty percent of the damage. Your consumption is more than mine, it is better to just admit defeat." Zhu Ba continued to persuade.


 Fang Yuan only attacked, without replying.


 When blood started seeping out again, he stopped the offensive and used self-reliance Gu to recover.


 Although he eliminated the strength of a boar, he added in bull strength, horse strength and half a turtle strength; self-reliance Gu’s effect had surpassed flesh-bone.


 This state continued to persist and the spectators were starting to get bored, some even yawned.


 "Too boring..."


 "I really wonder why Fang Zheng is putting in so much effort."


 "Today, Zhu Ba also looks somewhat abnormal, why hasn’t he attacked?"


 "Hasn’t this been his style all along? First defend and waste his opponent’s primeval essence and fighting spirit, then make his move, beating down his opponent."


 "The problem lies here, Fang Zheng has too much energy, he has been attacking for so long with no results but he doesn’t look the least bit discouraged. He is a strength cultivator, so his primeval essence consumption is also small. When will this stalemate end?"


 "You guys can’t see what is going on? Zhu Ba is playing with the newbie."


 These words immediately caused the surrounding people to laugh.


 To these Gu Masters who hung out in the battle zone all year round, Fang Yuan was indeed a very inexperienced newbie.


 "Fang Zheng, there is no meaning in continuing this. I have no interest in your all-out effort Gu, I don’t want to bully a newbie as a senior. It will be better for you to retreat, I promise I won’t choose your Gu worms." Zhu Ba chuckled.


 He had received Fang Yuan’s attacks which contained the boar’s collision force, the crocodile’s biting force and the brown bear’s smacking force, but he was still able to laugh.


 "What kind of strength is this!"


 "Indeed worthy of being rank eight in fourth inner city."


 "His strength is the real deal."


 The audiences were truly moved.


 "Shut up, you fat pig!" Fang Yuan suddenly shouted.


 The battle stage went silent.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Guess what happens. 1. The pig shuts up. 2. The pig dies. 3. ???



***
Chapter 300: Fang Yuan vs Zhu Ba (1)


***





 Chapter 300: Fang Yuan vs Zhu Ba (1)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "He... he actually dared to scold senior Zhu Ba?"


 "This newbie is too arrogant."


 "Lord Zhu Ba, teach him a lesson, let him know the depths of heaven and earth!"


 After the short silence, the audience flared up.


 "Young man, you should learn humility. I tried to persuade you with good intentions; nevermind if you don’t listen to it, but you still cursed me. How can a person behave like this? In the end, you will run into walls everywhere and no one will help you." Zhu Ba sighed.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: "Are you concerned about me, or are you just afraid to attack? More likely, you can only passively defend my attacks. Your ability to send counter-shock force to injure me while defending is really amazing but how many Gu are you controlling to maintain such a defense? At least three? Can’t concentrate enough to attack while defending? I have already seen through your tricks, do you think I am like those idiot spectators?!"


 As he spoke, the spectators got furious and started shouting.


 "What nonsense is this!"


 "He dares to call us idiots, my insight is much wiser than yours."


 "This kid is overflowing with arrogance. Senior Zhu Ba, he is treating your kindness as dirt, please quickly teach him a lesson."


 Zhu Ba’s expression changed and said in a grave tone: "Young man, since you are so ignorant, I will teach you a lesson to teach you reality. This is a good thing for you."


 He then moved.


 This movement was not a small action!


 His whole body curled into an enormous meatball and rolled towards Fang Yuan.


 At the same time a pale black blade aura wrapped around the enormous ball.


 As the enormous ball rolled, stone slabs split open and stone fragments flew. The crushing attack fused with the sharp blade aura, further increased in might making people feel the urge to dodge.


 "It appeared, Lord Zhu Ba’s killing move — rolling blade meat!" The Gu Master spectators shouted with excitement.


 Bai Ning Bing’s gaze concentrated: "A movement type rolling meat Gu with blade aura Gu? A normal person would not be able to unleash such power but Zhu Ba’s enormous body can amplify his attacking strength!"


 "Couldn’t endure it anymore?" Facing Zhu Bai’s violent offense, Fang Yuan was not afraid but pleased instead, his lips outlining a trace of madness.


 Vertical crash Gu!


 Boar phantom!


 Abruptly, he charged straight towards the giant ball!


 "Has this kid gone mad?"


 "Facing this attack head-on, does he not want his life?!"


 "Someone is going to die!"


 The audience were stunned.


 The two sides collided; meat ball’s charge immediately slowed down while Fang Yuan was sent flying before falling heavily on the ground.


 "Look, this is what happens when you overestimate yourself."


 "Eh? This kid didn’t die!"


 Fang Yuan wiped off the bloodstains on the corner of his lips and jumped up.


 The giant ball charged towards Fang Yuan again. Fang Yuan gave a loud laugh before charging again.


 Thump.


 A dull thud and Fang Yuan was sent flying again.


 Thud!


 Sent flying once more.


 Thud!!


 Sent flying yet again!!


 "This match is already set. Fang Zheng might have all-out effort Gu, but he unfortunately met an opponent who counters him." Someone commented, gloating in Fang Yuan’s misfortune.


 "It is difficult to overcome Zhu Ba’s killer move. As his rolling speed increased, his striking force also became stronger. Actually, Fang Zheng’s method was correct, to stop Zhu Ba’s momentum immediately. But the way he chose to do it was too forceful." Another spectator sighed and shook their head.


 "I have never seen such a stupid guy. Choosing to ram into Zhu Ba like this, most of the strength is returned back to him as counter-shock." Another spectator scoffed.


 "This kid shouldn’t be able to get up anymore. Eh? He actually got up!"


 Fang Yuan was sent flying again and again, but also stood up each time.


 His injuries were not light, but self-reliance Gu gave him potent sustainability.


 "Still so stubborn, then die!" Zhu Ba let out an angry roar and fiercely rammed at Fang Yuan.


 Vertical crash Gu!


 Fang Yuan did not change his battle tactic. Boar phantom flashed above his head.


 The two sides collided like meteors.


 However, this time, Fang Yuan was not sent flying, instead his fist wedged deeply into the meatball. Rather it was the meatball that shook violently, as blade aura moved rampantly and slashed Fang Yuan like a dark waterfall.


 Fang Yuan was ruthlessly sent flying, as the blade aura was completely expended.


 Canopy Gu suffered heavy damage, the white light armor flickered weakly before dissipating completely.


 Fang Yuan’s whole body was bathed in blood, deep and long injuries on all parts of his body as if he had been hacked by countless sharp knives. He was not like Bai Ning Bing with the defense of her ice muscles, but still the tendons in his body were mostly intact and there was also no damage to his bones.


 Self-reliance Gu!


 Fang Yuan activated it and his blood loss immediately came to a stop, new flesh grew and the wounds began healing. However, the recovery of his tendons were slightly slower.


 Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flashed as she analyzed inwardly: "Without the canopy Gu, it would be difficult for Fang Yuan to win this battle by just relying on self-reliance Gu’s recovery... eh?"


 Right at this time, golden rays of light flashed around Fang Yuan.


 The light condensed and formed into a light armor: Golden Shield Gu!


 "This kid has quite a few defensive Gu!"


 "First it was canopy Gu and now it is golden shield Gu; both are great defensive rank three Gu. This kid is rich!"


 Golden shield Gu could not be used at the same time as canopy Gu; it was always stored inside Fang Yuan and now it showed itself for the first time.


 Bai Ning Bing was slightly dazed before coming back to her senses. She had gotten many new Gu worms, Fang Yuan certainly would also do the same. To Fang Yuan, golden shield Gu was slightly better than canopy Gu since it was more suitable for his strength path methods.


 "Even if you have golden shield Gu, the result remains the same." Zhu Ba’s deep voice came from within the meatball.


 The meatball charged towards Fang Yuan, sending him flying again.


 "How many times do I have to say it till you understand? You can’t defeat me, you will only bring disgrace upon yourself if you continue." Zhu Ba sighed.


 "Enough, how long are you going to keep acting?" Fang Yuan stood up and wiped the bloodstains on his lips. Others felt no hope for him, but he saw victory waving at him!


 It was time.


 Fang Yuan lowered his eyes, covering his pupils which were flashing with a sharp light.


 Charge!


 He again charged head-on.


 "Ungrateful kid, then I shall show it to you the true difference between us." Zhu Ba rolled towards him.


 Horizontal charge Gu.


 Fang Yuan suddenly charged horizontally and evaded.


 Vertical crash Gu.


 After charging fifty steps, he quickly turned his direction and charged.


 Howl!


 In the moments before collision, he activated all-out effort Gu; a brown bear phantom flashed.


 Under this attack, the meatball’s skin and flesh folded over and over like the waves in river and sent the counter-shock back towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was sent back several steps before he charged forward again.


 He unleashed violent attacks while constantly moving around the meatball, all his punches and kicks were targeted at different areas. This greatly raised the difficulty for Zhu Ba to defend.


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s attacks were fiercer than ever before!


 Zhu Ba controlled his Gu worms frantically till he was no longer able to cope with it. The meatball trembled crazily but this time, it was not able to return even a bit of the force as counter-shock.


 Howl!


 Zhu Ba was extremely furious, he cancelled his meatball form and turned back to his human form. Blade aura formed again and flew towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed at this; the more Gu Zhu Ba used, more difficult it would be for him to control all of them.


 Zhu Ba’s mind was already in a mess!


 The opponents he faced before would admit defeat after being struck several times. Even those persevering ones lost their fighting spirit after experiencing Zhu Ba’s rolling attack.


 But unfortunately, he met Fang Yuan.


 There were many types of men in this world. Some loved their family and some had high ambitions.


 Among them, there was a type of man: After he has a clear goal and ambition, he cannot be stopped even if the whole world turned against him!


 Fang Yuan was such a man!


 No one could stop him, not to mention just merely this Zhu Ba.


 Horse phantom!


 Vertical crash Gu!


 His speed increased suddenly, rapidly charging fifty steps. Horse strength increased his speed by thirty percent more than boar strength.


 Horse hooves hit the floor and sped forward!


 Zhu Ba did not expect Fang Yuan to still have this trump card and due to being caught unprepared, his blade aura hit the air behind Fang Yuan.


 As for Fang Yuan, he was already right before Zhu Ba.


 There were no words. Just...


 One punch!


 This punch was incomparably powerful, exploding even the air around it, the heavy recoil from the punch destroyed the stone tiles under Fang Yuan’s feet into countless shards and even shook the whole stage.


 Zhu Ba’s fats trembled violently to disperse the force of the punch around his body before attempting to return eighty percent of the force back to Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan immediately followed with another punch.


 Zhu Ba’s physique was huge and was poor at agility. The punch ruthless hit his body.


 "I... I... counter-shock!" Zhu Ba opened his eyes wide as he did his best to manipulate several Gu in his body.


 However, he had just used all his concentration to manipulate blade aura Gu, and now he was activating other Gu at the same time; it might be okay if he was at peak condition, but right now his mind was in disarray and his mental state had already weakened due to manipulating all the Gu for such a long time.


 A flaw appeared.


 The fats on Zhu Ba’s body that was shaking like water ripples stopped.


 His defense crumbled!


 He was still dispersing the force of Fang Yuan’s previous force and so had to stiffly endure this punch.


 An intense pain assaulted him, causing his head to spin. The dispersing process of the force of Fang Yuan’s punch was broken. Eighty percent of the force exploded in all parts of his body.


 Backlash!


 In that instant, Zhu Ba’s heart suddenly stopped due to the intense pain!


 Fang Yuan’s fierce gaze flashed, he had been waiting for this moment for so long and he finally created it forcefully.


 Grabbing the opportunity, and strike!


 Punches were thrown out like the wind. Bear phantom, boar phantom, crocodile phantom and horse phantom flashed in turns in mid-air.


 Wind whistled, beast phantoms roared, golden armor covered Fang Yuan’s whole body as his punches exploded out with unrivalled fierceness.


 Under everyone’s astonished gazes, the ’giant’ Zhu Ba was beaten into retreating and howling in pain by the ’dwarf’ Fang Yuan.


 However, Zhu Ba’s extremely obese body forced him to become a punching bag.


 Fang Yuan’s vigor rose continually, his unyielding ferocity birthed a feeling in all the spectators that this person could not be stopped.


 The intense pain surged like a tsunami and struck Zhu Ba head-on, almost drowning his consciousness.


 His thoughts were in a mess and he found it even more difficult to activate his Gu to increase his defense.


 Fang Yuan firmly held the upper hand and Zhu Ba was already starting to show the white part of his eyes.


 "How can this be? Just now, it was clearly..."


 "Was Fang Zheng right about him?"


 The audience were in an uproar, the shocking swap of their predicament stupefied them.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 No worries, the fight ends next chapter. Place your bets on whether he dies.



***
Chapter 301: Fang Yuan vs Zhu Ba (2)


***





 Chapter 301: Fang Yuan vs Zhu Ba (2)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Looking at the number eight expert in fourth inner city senior Zhu Ba, beaten till he vomited blood by a newcomer, this scene overturned many people’s expectations!


 But Zhu Ba was still an experienced veteran, he suddenly shouted, stretching out both arms and tightly hugged Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan felt that he was wrapped by cotton, the fat meat squeezed at him from all directions, causing him to be unable to move.


 He punched and kicked, hitting flesh with every hit. Zhu Ba’s bones were broken, and his flesh was beaten to pulp, mashed under his skin.


 But Zhu Ba gritted his teeth, forcefully trapping Fang Yuan. He was almost beaten senseless by Fang Yuan, but the only clear thought on his mind reminded him, if he let this monster out, he would be in deep trouble.


 As the space around him was squeezed, Fang Yuan snorted, showing no fear as he activated the all-out effort Gu.


 A green bull phantom appeared in mid air.


 "A new beast phantom!" Bai Ning Bing saw this and her pupils shrunk.


 "Secretly, Fang Yuan had already grown this powerful. If I go against him, with just my Gu worms, I’m afraid..." Bai Ning Bing’s heart sank.


 The bull strength was strong and lasting, Fang Yuan stretched out his arms and pulled Zhu Ba’s fat arms that were tightly coiled around him.


 Comparing strength, how could Zhu Ba be his match.


 Zhu Ba tried his best, his arms were shivering, and sweat poured down like rain, but he could not stop Fang Yuan.


 "Damn, damn it, if he gets loose, I am done for!" Zhu Ba felt an intense feeling of unease, the intense premonition of death was causing him to feel extremely scared.


 "I... I admit defeat!" He screamed.


 Compared to his life, what was fame?


 The hosting Gu Master immediately used the battle stage to forcefully separate the two.


 "The battle has been decided, Fang Zheng wins, Zhu Ba loses!" The hosting Gu Master announced.


 The crowd gasped.


 "He actually won!"


 "Zhu Ba is just a paper tiger, pretending to be strong on the outside, I was almost fooled by him."


 "Zhu Ba can’t even beat a newcomer, how can he be the number eight expert, this is truly shameful for our fourth inner city battle stage..."


 Zhu Ba’s pathetic state now, destroyed the image he had painstakingly built up over the years.


 Bai Ning Bing heard the chattering, and shook her head internally: "Zhu Ba has been an expert for many years, he is definitely strong, unfortunately he met Fang Yuan. Zhu Ba’s fighting style was countering his opponent’s attacks. First using defense to waste his opponents’ primeval essence and stamina, then counterattacking to win. But he fought against Fang Yuan, this monster, as a strength cultivator, coupled with the heavenly essence treasure lotus, he has endless primeval essence. Stamina is also his forte as a strength cultivator... the two countered each other in different aspects, but the tougher one won!"


 Speaking of which, it was rather ironic.


 Bai Ning Bing changed her style, becoming more scheming and devious. Fang Yuan was also changing, from his former scheming style, he started fighting with raw power, a forthright style that goes all in.


 The two seemed to have swapped styles.


 Zhu Ba fell and admitted defeat, losing to Fang Yuan, his reputation was completely tarnished.


 "Good job." Below the stage, Wei Yang laughed as he said to Fang Yuan.


 This was Fang Yuan’s first battle in fourth inner city, thus Wei Yang came to watch.


 Fang Yuan’s performance was out of Wei Yang’s expectations.


 Wei Yang was very concerned about Fang Yuan, one because of the clan leader’s orders and mission, but also because of their friendship.


 "Maybe you were born for the strength path." At the banquet, Wei Yang exclaimed.


 He patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders: "I walked on the strength path in the past, but failed. Now, I see hope in you, do you know, many eyes are watching you now. Continue walking on this path without doubt!"


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 He knew his circumstance.


 He had just risen to fourth inner city, and met Zhu Ba, defeating him. Getting famous overnight, many were taken aback.


 This battle had just ended, but he had received many people’s forceful challenge.


 These people were mostly strength path Gu Masters, coming after his all-out effort Gu.


 The better he performs, the greater the value of the all-out effort Gu, and the more greed it attracts. Right now, those that were coming for him were all experts in fourth inner city.


 Henceforth, his predicament would only get tougher.


 But the tougher it got, the more his battle intent surged, as Fang Yuan felt his blood burning.


 Just this level of risk and difficulty, what are they? How can they stop me, Fang Yuan’s advancement!


 "In this world, nobody is capable of ending my ambitions!"


 Eight days later, he fought Jin Bian Yuan, after fighting evenly for a while, he unleashed his beast phantoms, destroying Jin Bian Yuan’s core defensive Gu worm, killing him on the spot.


 Ten days later, Liao Hua Dong who is famed for aggressive attacks, fought against Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan fought attack with more attacks, taking him down head-on. If not for the hosting Gu Master, Liao Hua Dong would have been dead.


 Seventeen days later, Zhong De who has the strength of five tigers fought an exciting match against Fang Yuan, but was beaten like a dead dog, lying on the ground, motionlessly.


 ...


 Time continued to pass by, as Fang Yuan won again and again.


 There were many experts in fourth inner city, but Fang Yuan’s growth was insane.


 Be it cultivation, addition of new Gu worms, or other these aspects.


 The more he won, the more primeval stones he received.


 He fought his way through, advancing bravely, every match was a treat to watch for the spectators.


 But on the other hand, he was very vigilant. He had never looked down on any opponent, getting all the information he needed beforehand. With Wei Yang and Li Ran, one having authority while the other one has an underground network, Fang Yuan could gather all the information necessary before a battle.


 He was not a brainless brute, he only accepted four matches a month. Although forceful challenge was a rule, to prevent intentional targeting, the challenged Gu Master can have eight days of rest time after every match.


 Fang Yuan used this time to prepare himself adequately, ignoring the taunting from others. He focused on cultivating, the battle stage’s purpose was to assess and train himself, as well as a source of revenue.


 He had become famous.


 His victories caused his name to spread wide.


 The strongest newcomer in history!


 The star of hope in reviving strength path!


 The ferocious and ruthless beast!


 ...


 Many titles were bestowed onto him, depicting his traits: Newcomer but has an amazing win record, owns the all-out effort Gu, ruthless and cruel, never letting go of an enemy he can kill, and others.


 Three months passed like this.


 This day, in the secret room.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing sat opposite each other.


 Bai Ning Bing placed both palms on Fang Yuan’s back, injecting her snow silver primeval essence into him.


 The primeval essence were converted over by the flesh bone unity Gu, after some losses, they were injected into Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 In the aperture, primeval essence ebbed and flowed, as waves crashed and assaulted the aperture walls.


 Swish swish swish...


 The tides rose and fell, never ending.


 The white light walls were assaulted and started to change.


 A moment later, the light walls were replaced by water walls, as the white light flowed like water, causing the aperture walls to become thicker and stronger.


 From rank three initial stage, he advanced to middle stage!


 Fang Yuan only used a few months.


 This was all due to the flesh bone unity Gu and Bai Ning Bing. The higher the Gu Master’s rank, the larger the difference between their cultivation across small realms. Bai Ning Bing was rank three peak stage, it was very helpful to Fang Yuan.


 This speed, if exposed, would cause a great commotion. Even Fang Yuan who was knowledgeable felt secretly shocked.


 But Bai Ning Bing, who was a former ten extreme physique and had a monsterous cultivation speed, did not feel any shock towards Fang Yuan’s advancement.


 If Bai Ning Bing was rank four, using the light gold primeval essence, Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed would be increased further.


 Feeling the change in Fang Yuan’s aura, Bai Ning Bing knew he had succeeded and retracted her palm.


 "So how, in a few days, you will reach fourth inner city battle stage. Are you interested in raising your cultivation to rank four?" Fang Yuan turned around and asked.


 The higher Bai Ning Bing’s cultivation was, the faster he could cultivate himself.


 "No need, if you can stand firm with rank three cultivation and fight your way through, so can I." Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, not showing any nice expressions Fang Yuan.


 But at the end, she added: "My aptitude rose again, reaching ninety-two percent. At this rate, when are you going to give me the Yang Gu?"


 "Oh. That’s fast..." Fang Yuan was shocked, he knew a lot about the ten extreme aptitude, but the details were not in-depth.


 Even though poison vow was removed, Bai Ning Bing still served a huge purpose.


 "You don’t have to worry, with me around, I can protect your life. We used the poison vow Gu before, even if you don’t trust me, surely you trust the Gu’s power?"


 "Hmph." Bai Ning Bing did not rebuke him, these last few months she spent with Fang Yuan were the most peaceful period of her life. As the two worked hard together, and with the poison vow Gu allowing them to form an alliance. But it seems..."


 "This guy, he’s growing faster and gaining more rewards." Regarding this, Bai Ning Bing had a clear understanding of their differences.


 Her improvement was large, but his was larger.


 These few months, Fang Yuan not only gained the strength of a turtle, but also used the rank three bronze skin Gu, giving his skin another layer of defense.


 Rank two bronze skin Gu can only give the Gu Master’s skin increased defense for a limited period of time.


 The rank three bronze skin Gu, used one’s own body and grants this defense to their body permanently.


 Now, Fang Yuan’s skin is bronze color, like he had undergone a sun tan.


 Iron bones, steel tendon, bronze skin, with golden shield Gu, Fang Yuan’s defense was at initial success stage, even among third inner city battle stage, it is sufficient to deal with any strong foe.


 As for the canopy Gu, Fang Yuan had already sold it. It overlapped with the golden shield Gu, and did not suit Fang Yuan’s fighting style.


 Just as Fang Yuan advanced to middle stage, a group of people arrived outside Shang clan city.


 "Shang clan city... Gu Yue Fang Zheng is inside huh." Tie Ruo Nan thought as she walked ahead of everyone.


 "Tie Dao Ku greets young master." Tie Dao Ku rapidly paid his respects.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Can’t they leave Fang Yuan in peace... these people are truly unforgivable.



***
Chapter 302: Tie Ruo Nan


***





 Chapter 302: Tie Ruo Nan


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Tie Dao Ku, what happened to your eyes?" Tie Ruo Nan saw Tie Dao Ku wearing a black eyepatch and asked in surprise.


 Tie Dao Ku showed an embarrassed expression, speaking the truth: "My eyes were injured by Bai Ning Bing."


 A few months ago, he had a battle with Bai Ning Bing, and suffered a great setback.


 Losing his left eye, his battle strength fell drastically, and with the hand blade Gu mercilessly taken by Bai Ning Bing, he was no longer her match.


 But Tie Dao Ku did not give up.


 He had a determined heart, gritting his teeth and relied on the battle stage, along with taking some jobs of escorting and investigating, to survive in Shang clan city.


 He was like a lone wolf licking his wounds, as he observed Fang and Bai secretly, slowly gaining back his strength as well as reporting to the clan.


 Precisely because of his letter, Tie Ruo Nan brought a team here personally.


 "Bai Ning Bing... actually injured you. Tie Dao Ku, your intel had some errors, why did you not mention this in your letter?" Tie Ruo Nan frowned, slightly unhappy.


 How could I have the face to say it...


 Tie Dao Ku laughed bitterly, he was a rank three Gu Master, he had his pride and dignity.


 But towards Tie Ruo Nan’s accusation, he lowered his head, answering: "It was my mistake."


 He was a proud man, but he was very respectful to Tie Ruo Nan.


 It has been two years.


 Two years ago, Tie Xue Leng’s death was reported to the clan, causing them to fall into deep sorrow.


 A rank five Gu Master was a great strength, standing at the peak of the mortal realm, even a huge clan like Tie clan would feel pain in losing one.


 Moreover, this was the divine investigator Tie Xue Leng.


 His name spread throughout the southern border, he was a symbol and a flag for Tie clan.


 Tie Xue Leng’s death was a loss to Tie clan, but also a loss to the entire righteous faction.


 Just as the clan grieved, Tie Ruo Nan, as Tie Xue Leng’s daughter, stood up.


 She had been following her father, roaming the southern border. After returning to the clan, she challenged the Tie clan thirteen halls, defeating her foes in the arena battles and becoming one of the eight young masters in Tie clan. After taking over Tie clan’s internal affairs, she cracked many cases, corruption and greed could not hide from her, as she brought the criminals to justice.


 TIe Xue Leng fell, but Tie Ruo Nan rose, taking over her father’s duty, and became the new rising star for the last two years in Tie clan.


 Tie Ruo Nan’s name started to travel wide, and even Tie Dao Ku, someone who was far away in Shang clan city, heard about her stories.


 Tie clan and Shang clan had different policies, even if Tie Ruo Nan fails to attain the position of Tie clan leader, she will still be an important member, a great general protecting the mountain.


 She was young, but already rank three upper stage. Her title of genius was true to its name.


 Be it Tie Ruo Nan’s current or future achievements, it was worth Tie Dao Ku’s respect.


 "Tie Mu, go see to his injuries." Tie Ruo Nan waved her hand, saying.


 Tie Mu had a delicate face, he was the healing Gu Master in the team. He quickly went forward and checked Tie Dao Ku’s eyes in front of everyone.


 In just a few breath’s, Tie Mu reported: "His eye is crippled, there is nothing I can do. To heal it, a rank five Gu Master is needed."


 He was being humble, merely twenty-eight years old but already rank three peak stage, he was a clan elite from Tie clan’s side branch.


 Many people tried to recruit him, but he decided to serve Tie Ruo Nan instead.


 These few years, Tie Ruo Nan had taken the role of young master, and her forces expanded, recruiting many talented elites into her faction, TIe Mu was only one of them.


 "In Shang clan city, there is a rank five expert named Doctor Su Shou. Tie Dao Ku, take this money and go heal your eyes." Tie Ruo Nan took out a primeval elder Gu, and threw it to Tie Dao Ku.


 "Thank you young master." Tie Dao Ku took the Gu and showed a grateful expression.


 Doctor Su Shou’s treatment fee was extremely expensive, he had scrimped and saved these few years, to save up enough money to heal his eyes.


 But a hundred thousand primeval stones was not a small sum. Commodity prices in Shang clan city is high, and Tie Dao Ku had to buy a hand blade Gu, he had no opportunity to save enough money.


 He straightened his back: "I have already reserved a garden estate for young master to stay in, please follow me."


 But Tie Ruo Nan waved her hand: "No rush, bring me to Nan Qiu garden, in your report, you mentioned that Fang and Bai stayed at Nan Qiu garden right?"


 "Erm... yes, that is so." Tie Dao Ku was stunned, not expecting Tie Ruo Nan to be so direct.


 "Lead the way." Tie Ruo Nan instructed.


 "Yes."


 Tie Ruo Nan had a swift and decisive nature, but a moment later, she was denied entry.


 "Sorry, my two masters are cultivating in their secret rooms." Nan Qiu garden’s doorboy respectfully said.


 "What, scared? Trying to hide inside!" Tie Dao Ku snorted in disdain.


 The doorboy had been specially trained by Shang clan, he had great qualities, after giving Tie Dao Ku a look, he remaining guarding the door firmly, not letting them through.


 Tie Ruo Nan was one of the young masters of the great Tie clan, she would not make a fuss towards a child.


 She smiled, taking out an invitation, passing it to the doorboy: "No worry, pass them my invitation letter. I have some relationship with your masters, we will come again at night."


 "I will definitely convey Lord’s message, but they are in closed cultivation, I cannot guarantee when they will come out. They might not come out by dinner time." The doorboy reminded before they left.


 Until dinner time, when Tie clan came again, they were rejected once more.


 "I think this Fang and Bai are afraid of young master’s grandeur, hiding inside afraid to show up."


 "Maybe they are trying to display their authority, specially targeting us."


 Tie clan gang guessed, speaking in indignance.


 They had visited twice, but were treated like this. Did they really think so highly of themselves? Even Shang clan young master would need to leave his work and come to attend to the group.


 "Do not be anxious, we will come again tomorrow morning." Tie Ruo Nan calmed the gang, handing out another invitation as she showed an expression deep in thought.


 On the second morning, Nan Qiu garden closed shut again.


 Tie clan gang’s emotions were surging, almost breaking through by force, but were halted by Tie Ruo Nan, who handed out another invitation.


 The group had just left, and Fang Yuan came out of his secret room.


 "Tie Ruo Nan?" Hearing the servant’s report, Fang Yuan gave a weird look.


 He knew that this woman was Tie Xue Leng’s daughter, didn’t she die on Qing Mao mountain?


 Tie Xue Leng flew out of the bronze mask of the mountain giant puppet Gu, using the steel hand Gu to save Tie Ruo Nan. Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were engaging in a fierce fight at that moment, his vision obstructed by the white form immortal snake, thus he did not see it.


 After the fog dispersed, he was attacked by the crane group, the scene was a mess and he did not have a second to rest. Even until Bai Ning Bing self-detonated, Fang Yuan did not see Tie Ruo Nan.


 Thus, in Fang Yuan’s impression, he had always thought that the Tie clan father and daughter had died on Qing Mao mountain.


 "To think this Tie Ruo Nan is still alive, not only that, she even became Tie clan young master." Fang Yuan held the three invitations, taking a look and frowning deeply.


 Seeing this name, he felt a strong killing intent oozing out of his heart.


 This person is too much of an eyesore!


 A survivor of Qing Mao mountain, had interacted with himself and Gu Yue Fang Zheng, a huge threat to himself.


 If his true identity was exposed, it would affect his current peaceful lifestyle, and the haven he had painstakingly crafted in Shang clan city would be lost.


 But this Tie Ruo Nan, Fang Yuan could not do anything to her.


 Tie clan young master, in Shang clan city, he was not permitted to kill her.


 "I am still too weak, if I was rank six like back then, I could kill this small-fry with one finger." Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 Although his battle strength surged, and his growth was astounding, killing Tie Ruo Nan had consequences the current him could not bear.


 In fact, he could not even use his own name at this point.


 There is always a mountain higher than a mountain, an expert stronger than another expert. Rank five was only the mortal realm peak, yet he was merely rank three.


 Fang Yuan quickly sorted his thoughts, eliminating her was the most direct method, but it could not be used, thus he had to think of a way to deal with this unwanted guest.


 "The matter on Qing Mao mountain was not exposed, seeing Tie Ruo Nan’s action, she must not know anything. Otherwise, she would not come with just this group to arrest me."


 "She sent out three invitations and purposely displayed her determination of wanting to meet me. It seems she wants to learn what happened back then from me. After all, her father died on Qing Mao mountain."


 "Then the matter now is, I am using Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s name now, will she suspect my true identity?"


 "If she has suspicions, how do I get rid of her doubts?"


 "Or even worse, if my identity is exposed, how do I salvage it? From Shang Yan Fei’s findings, I have an ordinary aptitude, only my brother is A grade aptitude, how do I explain the change in my talent..."


 Fang Yuan’s brain rapidly worked.


 He was a sly schemer, having a vigilant nature, he always considered the worst outcome, and this huge crisis was no different.


 He quickly thought of a countermeasure.


 "If I really get to that stage, I will sell the blood skull Gu to Shang Yan Fei. He had been collecting the blood sea true inheritance, if I sell the blood skull Gu to him, he would be able to raise Shang Xin Ci’s aptitude. He dotes on her so much, using the man triumphing heaven Gu for her to change her fate. He will not reject this deal."


 Handing over the blood skull Gu, would allow Fang Yuan to explain the reason why he concealed his identity.


 But unless the matter had progressed to the worst stage, Fang Yuan would definitely not sell the blood skull Gu.


 "The blood skull Gu is a divine Gu to raise geniuses for a clan. If I sell it to Shang clan, Shang clan’s forces would expand rapidly. Although the blood skull Gu has no value to me anymore, it is another story for others."


 Fang Yuan did not know Fang Zheng was still alive now, and was experiencing a rapid growth in strength.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 It’s time to use Fang Yuan’s greatest talent.



***
Chapter 303: I really want to kill her


***





 Chapter 303: I really want to kill her


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan could not help but think again: "According to Tie clan’s reaction, Tie Ruo Nan probably has no idea the blood skull Gu is in my hands. Maybe my A grade aptitude now is the greatest facade I have."


 Regarding this, Fang Yuan was spot on.


 The truth is, Tie Ruo Nan had never suspected Fang Yuan’s identity.


 The reason was obviously aptitude.


 Tie Ruo Nan had always assumed that Fang Yuan was the Desolate Ancient Moon physique. Regarding the weakness of the ten extreme physique, she had learned much about it in Tie clan. After such a long time had passed, if it was really Fang Yuan, he would’ve died long ago.


 Furthermore, from Tie Dao Ku’s reports, Fang Yuan’s fighting style of being brave and forthright, was also a testament to his identity.


 In Tie Ruo Nan’s mind, Fang Zheng was the one with such a style, as for that devious Fang Yuan, how could he fight with such ferocity?


 On Tie Ruo Nan’s fourth visit, she finally met Fang Yuan.


 In the living room, only Fang Yuan and Tie Ruo Nan were present, the rest were sent away.


 "To think that you and I would meet under such circumstances." Tie Ruo Nan exclaimed.


 Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng were twins, they looked almost identical.


 She exclaimed, but Fang Yuan was even more emotional, sighing deeply: "The past is the past. Let it stay that way, I do not want to mention it again."


 Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone sharply: "No, some things cannot be forgotten. My visit this time is for the matter back then. You must know how my father died, please tell me the truth!"


 Fang Yuan looked at Tie Ruo Nan deeply, she showed no fear, staring right back at him. Her gaze showed a strong determined spirit.


 Her eyes and eyebrows were sharper than before, as she did not roam around these few years, her slightly dark skin had turned pale, and together with her aquiline nose and red lips, it displayed the image of a heroic female general.


 No doubt, she was a beauty. Although no match for Bai Ning Bing and Shang Xin Ci, her body had great shape, especially the long legs. Coupled with her unique disposition, it caused her to shine among people, and lure the conquering desire of men.


 But Fang Yuan was not concerned with her appearance, from her gaze, Fang Yuan sensed that she had no doubt about his identity.


 This was good.


 Then next, the problem was how to explain the matter back then.


 Fang Yuan knew, if he did not give a proper explanation, Tie Ruo Nan would not let go.


 Regarding this, Fang Yuan had his measures.


 Thus, he sighed: "Every time I think about Qing Mao maintain, my heart aches. You may have lost a father, but I lost a clan, every single one of my family, and was forced to roam in the wilds. Although Shang clan city is good, it is after all a foreign land, there is no feeling of home."


 Saying so, his eyes turned red.


 Seeing Fang Yuan act like this, Tie Ruo Nan’s tough as steel gaze softened.


 As people in similar circumstances, both of them were victims. But compared to her, Fang Zheng who had lost all his clansmen was no doubt more pitiful.


 "Do you know? You killed a young master from my clan, if I had not stopped them, you would have been trialed by my clan already." Tie Ruo Nan changed the topic.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed, rapidly explaining: "I know about the matter regarding Tie Dao Ku, it was not intentional! I dug the traps to deal with the grass skirt monkeys. Who asked your Tie clan to tail after me and fall into my trap? They were asking for death, how can you blame me!"


 "A life for a life, it is perfectly justified, no?" Tie Ruo Nan’s expression turned solemn.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart: "If that is the case, how many lives would I need to repay them?"


 His face showed a cold smile too: "Tie Ruo Nan, after so many things had happened, we are no longer naive kids. Your Tie clan has no justification in this matter, the reason you did not act is because of the purple thorn token in my hand, is that not the case?"


 Tie Ruo Nan replied honestly: "The purple thorn token is the main reason. But it can only protect your safety in Shang clan city, once you leave, we will not let you go. If you can tell me the truth behind the matter back then, I can assure you, as long as I live, Tie clan will not pursue you for this matter."


 Fang Yuan’s heart was slightly shocked.


 This Tie Ruo Nan seemed to have developed well these few years. Even as a Tie clan young master, not many had this level of authority.


 "If you do not believe me, we can use the poison vow Gu." Tie Ruo Nan continued.


 Poison vow Gu again?


 To speak the truth, Fang Yuan was already getting sick of refining the eating one’s words Gu.


 "The truth is nothing much, now that you are Tie clan’s young master, can you not guess it?" Fang Yuan lowered his head, secretly observing Tie Ruo Nan.


 He used this to probe her, but Tie Ruo Nan did not seem to notice it.


 The young girl smiled: "Actually, even if you do not say it, I have an idea already."


 Fang Yuan’s tone changed: "You know?"


 Tie Ruo Nan sighed slowly: "The ten extreme physique is not a secret to the high-tier clans in the Gu Master world. Causing that scene and sealing the entire Qing Mao mountain in ice, even a rank five Gu Master cannot do it. But what I did not expect is, your brother was not the Desolate Ancient Moon physique, but the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique."


 "What?" Fang Yuan called out in his mind, but his expression remained the same, only squinting appropriately.


 "Why did she think I am the Desolate Ancient Moon physique?" Fang Yuan felt weird at the absurdity of her claim.


 "Wait... no wonder back then, the Gu Yue clan leader protected me for no reason. Don’t tell me, they thought my cultivation speed was due to the ten extreme physique?" As he considered this, many things started to make sense.


 "If she thinks so, then the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique is my greatest cover. This means she had never doubted my real identity. As long as I do not show a flaw in my pretense later..."


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s face showed a complicated and painful expression.


 He did not speak, only sighing.


 The more he speaks, the more loopholes he creates, words lead to mistakes!


 Tie Ruo Nan looked at his expression and affirmed her guess, as her tone became softer: "Fang Zheng, I know the pain in your heart is very complicated. The only who ruined your home, causing you to roam outside, and murdered your entire clan, was your own brother Fang Yuan..."


 Fang Yuan stopped her words, his eyes turning red: "Stop speaking, since you know so clearly, why must you ask me now."


 "But I need a clear answer, all these were my assumptions!" Tie Ruo Nan gave a forceful gaze.


 Fang Yuan nodded, as tears fell silently.


 Tie Ruo Nan seeing this, could not force him further, only saying dejectedly: "Do you know, I had rushed back to Qing Mao mountain, seeing the snow that engulfed the mountain, my heart was a mess. I know my father was killed by Fang Yuan, if he was still around, the hatred of killing my father is greater than the heavens, I will definitely kill him for revenge. But he is already dead..."


 "So what if I am not content with the outcome? I want to be filial to my parents but it is too late, I want to kill the murderer but he is already dead. It is the greatest regret in life!" Tie Ruo Nan sighed, not knowing that her mortal enemy was right in front of her.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, showing displeasure: "Fang Yuan is after all my brother, he is already dead, what more do you want?"


 Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes shone: "I want to know some things. Back then, my father had received a mysterious letter, I know what is written in it. It says that the Gu Yue village contained a blood sea inheritance, thus my father disregarded his injuries and rushed to Qing Mao mountain immediately. Do you and Bai Ning Bing know about it?"


 Fang Yuan shook his head: "If I obtained it, I would’ve used it already. Why would I suffer so much on this journey?"


 Tie Ruo Nan stared at Fang Yuan with deep meaning: "The blood sea inheritance brings endless disasters. Back then, the demonic path Gu Master blood sea ancestor left this vile inheritance behind. Getting to the root of the problem, my father’s death was also due to this inheritance. Fang Zheng, if you really received this inheritance, I hope you can hand it over to me, and let me compensate for some of my regrets."


 Fang Yuan shook his head: "No means no."


 Tie Ruo Nan was solemn, before speaking: "According to my reports, you have a Gu in your possession that gives off a strong blood aura, you used to use it as a long range attack. But after you converted to a strength path cultivation, you no longer use it. Why is that?"


 Fang Yuan was stunned, before realizing.


 "You are suspecting me of taking the blood sea inheritance, but wanted to conceal it? Hmph, you mean this Gu?"


 Fang Yuan willed, and took out the blood moon Gu from his aperture, tossing it to Tie Ruo Nan.


 "This is the blood moon Gu from my clan, did you not see my brother use it before? Back when the explosion occurred, my clan leader and Bai clan leader worked together and protected me and Bai Ning Bing at the expense of their lives. The clan leader handed me his remaining Gu, and during the journey with Bai Ning Bing, many Gu died of hunger, but only this blood moon Gu remained became it was easy to feed."


 Fang Yuan’s words not only answered Tie Ruo Nan’s enquiry, but even explained why he and Bai Ning Bing were able to escape from the icy hell.


 Tie Ruo Nan inspected the blood moon Gu, her expression turning relaxed: "So that’s it. Your clan leader was courageous, in order to protect the bloodline, he sacrificed himself, he is truly noble!"


 Fang Yuan snorted: "That is why I have to live better, and rebuild Gu Yue village. Whoever dares to stop me, I will end his life!"


 This explains why he was so cruel and ruthless in the battle stage.


 "Although we did not spend much time together, I can evidently feel that you have changed." Tie Ruo Nan looked at Fang Yuan, she was only reminiscing and did not suspect him.


 After encountering such a trauma, most people would change, that was normal.


 Fang Yuan looked at her plainly: "People change, didn’t you change as well?"


 Tie Ruo Nan shook her head: "I have just been walking on my own road."


 After that, both of them went silent.


 Long after, Tie Ruo Nan spoke: "I will bring Tie Dao Ku back. I promise you, Tie clan will no longer pursue this matter. Relying on Shang clan and rebuilding your clan is a good method, many people succeeded, and I wish you success as well."


 After saying that, the young girl stood up and left decisively.


 Fang Yuan looked at her leave, his eyes squinting.


 He had an obscure premonition, this Tie Ruo Nan was not simple, she might bring him great problems in the future.


 "I really want to kill her in advance..." Fang Yuan was filled with helpless regret.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 I hope Fang Yuan can rebuild his clan soon. Poor thing.



***
Chapter 304: Bitter Strength Gu


***





 Chapter 304: Bitter Strength Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Tie Ruo Nan really left. And like she said, she took Tie Dao Ku with her.


 Fang Yuan understood very well what kind of person Tie Dao Ku was.


 Being able to fight intensely with Bai Ning Bing for such a long time, he clearly was an expert and could not be looked down upon. Now, he had been recruited by Tie Ruo Nan.


 "This Tie Ruo Nan must be eliminated, leaving her alive will be an enormous threat." Fang Yuan had an intense premonition in his heart, because Tie Ruo Nan, him and Bai Ning Bing had a common point —


 They were people who found the road they want to walk on in life.


 Such people had great willpower and courage, as long as they didn’t die prematurely, they were sure to have huge accomplishments.


 Tie Ruo Nan also had A grade aptitude along with the support of Tie Clan.


 She was one of the eight young masters of Tie Clan, just this alone, Fang and Bai could not compare with her even with the purple thorn tokens.


 "If our growth continues like this, she will gradually throw me and Bai Ning Bing far away. Only through the three kings inheritance, can I decrease the gap between us." Fang Yuan made a plan.


 With a normal development, Fang and Bai were not Tie Ruo Nan’s match. The latter was one of the young masters of Tie Clan, the resources she received were so much that Fang and Bai could not even begin to compare.


 Only by walking on an uncommon route, by taking risks and shortcuts, could they decrease this gap.


 The three kings inheritance and the great demonic righteous battle of Yi Tian mountain were such ’shortcuts’.


 Spring came and left; autumn left and returned.


 The river of time continued to flow ceaselessly and over a year passed.


 Nan Qiu garden, secret room.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on a cushion, beads of sweat seeped out of his forehead, as he gritted his teeth and endured.


 He was refining Gu and it was the crucial moment.


 A red, orange and green sphere floated in mid-air; the size of a basket. Its lights tinged Fang Yuan’s face with a variety of colors.


 Doing four tasks at once!


 "Stone turtle strength Gu, go."


 Following Fang Yuan’s will, a darkish light flew out of his aperture and pierced into the three colored light sphere.


 The addition of stone turtle strength Gu immediately created an intense reaction in the three colored light sphere.


 The light sphere which had red, orange and three colors, now had a dark light mixed into it.


 The four colors contended against each other but no one could overwhelm the other, and the battle became chaotic.


 For a moment, the four colors moved fiercely, just like boiling water which was being stirred by a large hand.


 Boom.


 Suddenly, there was a small explosion.


 The light sphere burst apart and formed a four colored rain. The light rain came fast and left just as quickly; in a blink of an eye, the secret room was submerged in darkness.


 Everything disappeared.


 "Failed again..." In the eerie darkness, Fang Yuan sighed softly.


 Blood slowly seeped out from his nose and due to the failure in refining Gu, his soul also received a backlash, causing him to have a burst of dizziness.


 This was already the fourth failure.


 "A year and a half has gone, I have advanced to third inner city from the fourth. However, I haven’t been able to buy bitter strength Gu."


 Fang Yuan knew the reason.


 One was because bitter strength Gu was extremely rare and also very expensive; it rarely appeared even in Shang clan city.


 Second was because Shang Ya Zi was the one who managed the shops and was obstructing Fang Yuan from the dark.


 Shang Ya Zi was one of the young masters of Shang clan and was in control of the stores in Shang clan city. Fang Yuan wanted to buy bitter strength Gu, and Shang Ya Zi possessed all kinds of ways to obstruct Fang Yuan.


 Two years ago, Fang Yuan arrived at Shang clan city and had extorted Shang Ya Zi. And after this was done, Shang Ya Zi relied on Bai Gu inheritance to pass the clan’s examination and maintain his young master position. Although he was hindered by poison vow Gu - not being able to make fatal moves against Fang Yuan - this way of taking revenge was still allowed.


 Shang Ya Zi was after all Shang Yan Fei’s son, each loss he suffered made him wiser. After the setbacks he suffered, he roused his spirit, wiped away his decadence, became cautious in indulging in wine and women, and became more shrewd.


 He relied on the clan’s system to deal with Fang Yuan, using more hidden means that even the purple thorn token Fang Yuan possessed was of no use.


 Purple thorn token holders were considered Shang clan’s esteemed guests. But in the end, they were outsiders and could not compare to Shang Ya Zi who was Shang clan’s young master.


 Since he could not buy bitter strength Gu, Fang Yuan could only attempt to refine it himself.


 However, the success rate in refining bitter strength Gu was really very low.


 Counting in today’s attempt, Fang Yuan had already tried the fusion four times and in the process lost brown bear strength Gu, galloping horse strength Gu, green bull labor Gu and stone turtle strength Gu.


 Apart from these, he had also lost precious supplementary materials and large amounts of primeval stones.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan was able to keep on winning at the battle stage and earn resources, allowing him to bear the cost of Gu refinement failure.


 "Sigh, this time is also a failure... I can only wait for my injuries to recover before I try again." Fang Yuan sighed.


 Gu refinement required prudence.


 Failure to refine a Gu could inflict backlash on the Gu Master’s body and soul. Injuries on the body were easier to resolve; but because of multitasking, the soul suffered damage which was extremely troublesome to deal.


 The higher the rank and rarer the Gu was, the more severe the consequences of failure.


 Thus, refinement Gu Masters would often be seriously injured or become bedridden because of Gu refinement failures, and sometimes the backlash even led to deaths.


 It was not that Gu which could heal the soul did not exist, but they were all extremely rare and were usually kept secretly by the large clans.


 The injuries to his soul this time would inflict light dizziness to Fang Yuan for over a month.


 This dizziness would affect Fang Yuan’s battle strength and such a minor gap could be fatal in a battle between experts.


 Thus Fang Yuan usually attempted this after an interval of a month to let his soul have enough time to recuperate.


 Gu refinement failed but today’s cultivation was not over.


 Fang Yuan waited in meditation; a short while later, he heard a knock from outside. He opened the door and welcomed Bai Ning Bing.


 Over this course of a year and a half, Bai Ning Bing made rapid progress and also reached the third inner city, having assembled a set of Gu worms. She was on par with Fang Yuan and rarely suffered losses. They were called the two new stars of this generation in the battle stage and received attention from many people.


 The two did not speak and only nodded to each other.


 Bai Ning Bing sat cross-legged on the opposite cushion and placed her palms against Fang Yuan’s back, pouring her snow silver primeval essence.


 Bai Ning Bing was intentionally suppressing her cultivation and thus, was still at rank three peak stage.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was advancing rapidly and was now only half a step away from rank three upper stage.


 Four hours later, Bai Ning Bing stopped injecting the primeval essence and withdrew her palms.


 Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.


 His aura was even more abundant and there was a vague feeling of fullness. This was the sign of cultivation close to breaking through.


 "My cultivation is getting close to rank three upper stage, I will breakthrough within a few days." Fang Yuan calmly analyzed in his mind.


 "After I breakthrough to upper stage, I will use the white silver relic Gu and directly push my cultivation to rank three peak stage. Like this, I can catch up to Bai Ning Bing, and also ease Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure on the aperture."


 Spring Autumn Cicada was Fang Yuan’s vital Gu and was also a rank six Gu.


 Over this course of a year and a half, it had been continually absorbing the water of the river of time and its aura was growing stronger as it recovered, creating a pressure on Fang Yuan’s aperture again.


 But the situation this time was many times better than the one on Qing Mao mountain.


 Fang Yuan’s cultivation was advancing rapidly, and with a rank three aperture, it was not as pressing as back then on Qing Mao mountain.


 All this should be attributed to bone flesh unity Gu and Bai Ning Bing.


 Cultivation ended; Bai Ning Bing stood up and left the secret room immediately.


 During the whole process, she did not say a word and her expression was cold as ice.


 Fang Yuan was also not someone who spoke a lot. Over this year and a half, the two were already used to interacting like this.


 Fang Yuan inwardly pondered: "When I reach rank three peak stage, Bai Ning Bing’s primeval essence won’t be of much help to me. But from this long period of interaction with her and from the minute changes in her aura, I can vaguely feel that she isn’t far from rank four realm."


 Even if Bai Ning Bing was trying her best to delay her cultivation, the curse of the ten extreme physique had not disappeared and started showing its effect.


 According to what Bai Ning Bing said, her aptitude had raised by two percent again and was now at ninety-three percent.


 Another seven percent increase would reach hundred percent and she would regain her northern dark ice soul physique.


 "If she reaches rank four, her yellow gold primeval essence would be of great help to me in breaking through to rank four realm."


 "In some aspects, she and I are in similar circumstances. I have Spring Autumn Cicada and she has northern dark ice soul physique..."


 Seven days later, Fang Yuan received good news from Wei Yang.


 An auction!


 "A rarely seen disaster appeared at Ju Feng mountain and destroyed Ju clan. The remnants of Ju clan had submitted to Shang clan city and are auctioning large amounts of their clan’s collections to maintain their livelihood. Thus, there will be an auction held soon."


 After saying this, Wei Yang intentionally said to Fang Yuan: "Brother Fang, your luck has come. I have investigated and found there is a bitter strength Gu being auctioned this time."


 Wei Yang was clear of Fang Yuan’s demand for bitter strength Gu. Fang Yuan had even requested him to make inquiries before.


 "The main thing is everyone in Shang clan city are viewing this auction with importance, it will be difficult for young master Shang Ya Zi to play tricks." Wei Yang added.


 The conflict between Shang Ya Zi and Fang Yuan was no secret to Shang clan’s higher ups.


 "Bitter strength Gu!"


 "Ju clan!"


 Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened.


 Ju clan had centuries of foundation, there was sure to be many useful things up for bidding now that they were selling their properties. Bitter strength Gu which Fang Yuan had not obtained despite searching all over for it, was one of them.


 "I have accumulated close to a million primeval stones in the course of this year and a half. I have a huge chance of successfully buying the bitter strength Gu."


 "Cases like Ju clan’s destruction aren’t rare. In this world, besides human disaster, there are also natural disasters. Strong wind blows throughout the year in Ju Feng mountain, although it is a spiritual mountain possessing spirit springs, the environment is really bad. There could be many treasures in Ju Clan’s storage."


 "I need to participate in the auction!" Fang Yuan immediately decided.


 ...


 "What, Ju Clan has a bitter strength Gu?" In a study, Shang Ya Zi slowly furrowed his brows.


 He was holding a document on one hand; the document contained most of the details of the auction.


 And his other hand was on the table, his index finger knocking on the surface.


 "To think Fang Zheng’s luck is so good, I did everything to obstruct him and it seems he is still going to obtain the bitter strength Gu. Even father is paying attention to the auction this time, it won’t be easy for me to interfere."


 "But, Fang Zheng... I won’t let you get the bitter strength Gu so easily. I will also participate in the auction and make sure you suffer a huge loss!"


 Shang Ya Zi could not help but let out a cold snort at the thought.


 He had always kept a grudge due to Fang Yuan’s extortion.


 He was a narrow-minded and petty person, refusing to see Fang and Bai gain fame and status. He could only ease the hatred in his heart by seeing Fang and Bai’s pain and suffering.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Sorry this is late, my windows update took 3 hours :(



***
Chapter 305: Auction (1)


***





 Chapter 305: Auction (1)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Strong winds blow continuously throughout the year on Ju Feng mountain, since its creation, Ju clan village had been facing the threat of hurricanes.


 Ju clan village is situated at the top of Ju Feng mountain, having hundreds of years of history. Contesting the natural disaster as mere humans, the clan often faced the threat of extermination, but they pulled through every time. But this time, they faced a giant hurricane that is rarely seen in a hundred years.


 Ju clan village could not longer defend themselves, and was destroyed by the disaster.


 The terrifying hurricane destroyed the spirit spring, and many people in Ju clan died. After losing their village, they could only leave and come to Shang clan city, seeking refuge in hopes of rebuilding their home in the future.


 Commodity prices are high in Shang clan city, to live, they had to sell their assets.


 To Ju clan, this was a disaster, but to others, this was a rare opportunity.


 Although Ju clan was a small size clan, they had their secrets for being able to live on Ju Feng mountain and fighting the natural disaster for hundreds of years without falling.


 Ju clan selling off their assets made this auction very attractive to people.


 Once news got out, it attracted most people’s attention in Shang clan city.


 Seven days later, the auction was held.


 At the auction, it was overcrowding with people and there were zero empty seats in the large hall. The private rooms on higher floors were all sold out as well.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, using their purple thorn tokens, snatched a private room for themselves.


 Fang Yuan opened a slit in the curtain of the room, standing at one side feeling the rowdy atmosphere of the hall.


 At this time, the auction had not started yet, and nearly a thousand people in the hall were talking among themselves, making a great commotion.


 "Sigh, what a pity for Ju clan. After hundreds of years, they finally lost to the hurricane. Man really cannot contest the strength of the natural elements." Someone exclaimed.


 "This is nothing much, new clans rise up and old clans get eliminated. Just like a few years ago, the three clans on Qing Mao mountain were wiped out together. Ju clan’s demise was nothing extraordinary." Someone felt indifferent.


 "Ju clan’s tragedy is our happiness. I hear there are lots of good stuff in this auction." Someone was gloating at the clan’s disaster.


 "So many Ju clansmen entered Shang clan city, this will cause great disturbance to Shang clan city’s economy." Someone predicted the future.


 At this moment, there was a huge commotion.


 "Look, that is Shang clan young master Qiu Niu."


 Fang Yuan followed the voice and looked, seeing Shang Qiu Niu walk in from the entrance, taking large strides in.


 He had a muscular build and his steps were stable. He was thirty years old now, as Shang Yan Fei’s eldest son.


 "Greetings to eldest young master Qiu Niu!"


 "My respects to eldest young master."


 "It is our honor to be able to see eldest young master in person."


 At once, many people rushed up and paid respects to Qiu Niu.


 "Hello everyone." Qiu Niu did not speak much, smiling lightly as he calmly faced the situation.


 Finally, he walked into a private room under everyone’s gaze.


 The auction house became quiet again.


 But soon after, a commotion rose again.


 "Young master Chao Feng and Fu Xi are here too!"


 "They had a great relationship since young, as expected, they came here today together."


 The fourth son Shang Chao Feng, still had a messy hair and a wild aura. The thirteenth son Shang Fu Xi was refined and delicate, looking like a scholar.


 The two talked as they entered the private room together. Their servants opened a path for them along the way, and they did not care about the surrounding people.


 Fang Yuan looked with a cold expression, squinting.


 In his memory, Shang Chao Feng almost managed to get the Shang clan leader position, he was Shang Xin Ci’s greatest competitor. He was wicked and devious, and had decisive courage, this was somewhat like Shang Yan Fei.


 Shang Fu Xi was his greatest supporter, willingly going under him and had wits, being good at planning. In the future, when the righteous demonic battle at Yi Tian mountain occurred, he schemed and employed strategies that caused great damage to the demonic Gu Masters, gaining fame instantly.


 The two, one was capable and the other was good at scheming, complementing each other. The former controlled the Gu battle zone while the latter controlled the auction zone. They were both important domains in Shang clan city, being fully developed. Right now, these two were the third largest faction among the ten contesting young masters.


 Before Shang Chao Feng and Shang Fu Xi entered their room, another group of people came.


 Shang Pu Lao, Shang Suan Ni, and Shang Bi Xi walked in full of smiles as they spoke.


 These three were the eighth, ninth, and tenth children of Shang Yan Fei. Because of benefits, they formed into a small alliance. They were the second largest faction among the contesting young masters as they had a strong collective force and were temporarily suppressing Shang Chao Feng and Shang Fu Xi.


 Shang Pu Lao controlled the brothels in Shang clan city, he was a casanova and womaniser. Shang Suan Ni was in charge of restaurants and silk stores, having a large mouth and wide nose, two traces of yellow smoke came out of his nose when he breathed. Shang Bi Xi was short and fat, but was also a strength path Gu Master. His core Gu was the turtle tire Gu, having the strength of ten turtles.


 Shang Suan Ni and Shang Bi Xi were strong experts in cultivation, while Shang Pu Lao had literary talent and fate with women. With the three as the head, two fighters and one scholar, they had great coordination.


 The three young masters did not choose a room, but sat in the hall.


 Shang Pu Lao had great interpersonal communication skills, everywhere he went, people followed. He spoke casually among the people, blending in perfectly, causing the scene to be even more liven.


 On his left and right, Shang Suan Ni and Shang Bi Xi stood like two guardians.


 "Shang Yan Fei’s children are all dragons and phoenixes among men !" Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 He had a clear understanding of Shang clan’s ten young master situation now.


 Right now, there were three factions among the young masters.


 The first, was Shang Qiu Niu. He was Shang Yan Fei’s eldest son, with just this identity, he had many Shang clan elders and clansmen supporting him.


 The second, was Shang Pu Lao, Shang Suan Ni, and Shang Bi Xi, the three gathered into a strong force and were currently the center of attention.


 The third was Shang Chao Feng and Shang Fu Xi, hiding their strength and awaiting a chance to rise up.


 As for the others, Shang Ya Zi was a loner, having little influence. Shang Chi Wen was bubbly and vibrant, but had no ambition. Shang Pi Xiu had great talent, but was too scheming...


 "I want to help Shang Xin Ci ascend to the throne, we cannot compete with the three factions. Although Shang Xin Ci can cultivate, a forcefully awakened aperture only has C grade aptitude, this is not a weak foundation, but zero foundation."


 Shang Xin Ci was Shang Yan Fei’s illegitimate daughter, and her mother was from Zhang clan. Zhang clan and Wu clan were very close, having much grudges with Shang clan. This was Shang Xin Ci’s political weakness.


 "Every year, during the young master assessment, there is a great opportunity for Shang Yan Fei’s other children to rise up. In my memory, Shang Xin Ci only became Shang clan young master after six years. But this is too long, if I want to make use of her, I have to get her up there as soon as possible. This year’s assessment is a chance." Fang Yuan evaluated in his heart.


 To get Shang Xin Ci into power, he had to deal with Shang Yan Fei’s other children. Since he could not deal with the three large factions, he will have to deal with the others.


 On this aspect, Fang Yuan had a plan every since he entered Shang clan city.


 Just as he thought about Shang Xin Ci, she arrived.


 Numerous eyeballs were attracted to the entrance of the auction house.


 "Shang clan’s two beauties!"


 "Really pretty..."


 "Young master Shang Chi Wen looks cute and innocent, but coming with Lady Shang Xin Ci, she loses out in terms of appearance."


 The people discussed.


 Shang Xin Ci and Shang Chi Wen held hands and spoke as they entered the auction house.


 Shang Chi Wen wore a colorful dress, her face was like peach, soft and tender. Shang Xin Ci wore a green skirt, her black hair silky and her eyes shining like the moon. Her skin was white as snow and her lips were pink and tender. She looked elegant and graceful, gentle like water, when she smiled, it was pure and flawless, a perfect beauty. It caused people’s gaze to become dazed.


 Beside the two of them, there were four servants.


 Two of them were Tian Lan and Xiao Die, Shang Xin Ci’s personal servants.


 The servants blocked the excited young men in the hall, as Shang Xin Ci and Shang Chi Wen walked towards Fang Yuan’s private room.


 "Brother Hei Tu, Sister Bai Yun." Shang Xin Ci greeted, unable to hide the joy and excitement in her voice.


 Shang Yan Fei used the man triumphing heaven Gu to forcefully awaken her aperture. These two years, he used a lot of precious Gu worms to raise her aptitude. From the lowest twenty percent D grade aptitude, it slowly rose to C grade fifty-nine percent, a step away from B grade.


 Shang Yan Fei paid such a huge price to nurture her, and taught her personally, Shang Xin Ci felt his fatherly love, and her hatred vanished into thin air, enjoying the love and bliss.


 Shang Yan Fei chose many Gu Masters to teach her. Shang Xin Ci stayed home for most of the time, studying more about Gu Master cultivation of her own accord. She was smart and mature, having faced some difficulties, she desired strength but was not arrogant, had strict goals for herself and improved by leaps and bounds, causing Shang Yan Fei to be extremely pleased.


 This auction was a rare chance to relax, she had accepted Fang Yuan’s invitation and wanted to come alone, but met Shang Chi Wen along the way.


 "Fang Zheng, I came uninvited, are you going to chase me out?" Shang Chi Wen laughed as she followed Shang Xin Ci into the room.


 "How would I dare to, please take a seat." Fang Yuan invited her with a smile.


 Bai Ning Bing sat at one side, hearing this, she did not turn around, but remained expressionless.


 Shang Chi Wen gave this ice beauty a curious look, thinking: "Outsiders say Bai Ning Bing is cold and arrogant, it seems they were right."


 Next, she looked at Fang Yuan.


 "Actually, this Fang Zheng is also extremely arrogant. After reaching third inner city, and winning all his battles, never having a single loss, many forces started recruiting him. Shang Chao Feng, Shang Qiu Niu, Shang Pu Lao and others, they even held a banquet and invited him personally, but were rejected. These two being together... truly birds of a feather flock together."


 Shang Chi Wen controlled Shang clan city’s battle stage, she was extremely clear of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s situation.


 Fang and Bai had never lost a battle since they joined the battle stage, they had overwhelming talent and were the most famous people in the battle zone. Their fame even rivalled the two great rank four Gu Masters, Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu.


 Anyone could tell that their future was promising, if any of the Shang clan young masters get their assistance, it would be a huge boost to their force.


 But she, Shang Chi Wen, had no ambition, thus she did not send any invitations to them.


 "Brother Hei Tu, it has been a while, are you doing fine? I heard you fought with a Gu Master called Teng Jiu Long..." Shang Xin Ci sat beside Fang Yuan, her gaze fixed on him as she asked in concern.


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly: "It has only been ten days since we met, why is it ’been a while’? As for Teng Jiu Long, he could not even stop my advancement before losing. In this battle stage, only Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu are a threat, the rest are nothing to be worried about."


 Fang Yuan’s calm words displayed his extraordinary pride and self-confidence, as Shang Chi Wen listened with shining eyes, and Shang Xin Ci’s heart was moved once again.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 If Fang Yuan can remember all of these young masters and their names, so can you.



***
Chapter 306: Auction (2)


***





 Chapter 306: Auction (2)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 As time passed, more and more people entered the auction house.


 "Look, that is one of the five generals of Shang clan, White Light Swordsman!" Someone shouted.


 Wei Yang’s title was the White Light Swordsman, he came as well.


 "I have already checked, the bitter strength Gu you want is the thirteenth item. But, Shang Ya Zi is already in the fifth private room. I heard he purposely withdrew all of his assets, you have to be careful brother Fang Zheng." Wei Yang walked into the private room, giving Fang Yuan important information.


 According to logic, the sequence of the auction items should not be revealed, and the identities of the guests should be kept secret as well. But as one of the five great generals of Shang clan, Wei Yang controlled the intelligence agency Feng Yu Manor, thus it was easy for him to get all the information he wanted.


 Wei Yang patted Fang Yuan’s shoulders, still feeling worried: "Shang Ya Zi is not here for fun, he has at least one million and two hundred thousand primeval stones on hand. The bitter strength Gu is a treasure for strength path Gu Masters, other than Shang Ya Zi, there are two more people who are your greatest competitors, one is Shang Bi Xi, the other is Ju Kai Bei, you have to watch out."


 Tenth son Shang Bi Xi had the turtle tire Gu, having the strength of ten turtles, he was a strength path Gu Master not inferior to Fang Yuan. He controlled the Shang clan city’s substitute refinement zone, although there was not much profits there, his eighth brother Shang Pu Lao controlled the brothels and ninth brother Shang Suan Ni controlled the restaurants and silk stores, they earn buckets of primeval stones everyday. If Shang Bi Xi wants the bitter strength Gu, as an alliance mate, the two of them would surely help.


 Other than them, there was still Ju Kai Bei.


 He had rank four cultivation, dominating third inner city battle stage.


 What did rank four cultivation mean?


 In an ordinary clan, he would be a clan leader!


 Ju Kai Bei was a rank four Gu Master, but remaining in the battle stage and rejected all of the invitations sent to him by all sorts of forces.


 "I will not leave the battle stage unless I defeat Yan Tu!" He declared.


 Yan Tu was also a rank four Gu Master, and was the same as Ju Kai Bei as ’half the sky of battle stage’. Both of them vowed to defeat each other, and only after they became a true number one would they leave the battle stage gloriously.


 Yan Tu is a fire path Gu Master, he would not have any desire for the bitter strength Gu. But Ju Kai Bei was a genuine strength path Gu Master, he had won numerous battles, only losing occasionally to Yan Tu, he had to have a lot of primeval stones on him!


 Thus, be it Shang Bi Xi or Ju Kai Bei, they were Fang Yuan’s competitors.


 "I have some spare money here, use them for now." Next, Wei Yang passed Fang Yuan a primeval elder Gu.


 Shang Chi Wen gasped, slightly surprised.


 She knew Wei Yang and Fang Yuan were close, but did not think their relationship was so deep!


 She had investigated earlier, this auction had a light type Gu that would be useful to Wei Yang. To think he would hand his primeval stones over to Fang Yuan just for his sake.


 Looking at the elderly’s cheerful expression, this primeval elder Gu had nearly a million primeval stones!


 This means that Wei Yang gave up on his own Gu.


 "Brother Wei, this..." Fang Yuan showed hesitance, as he also revealed a look of gratitude.


 "Say no more, accept them. I am only lending them to you, not giving them. From now on, I am your creditor." Wei Yang laughed loudly, not giving Fang Yuan a chance to reject, forcing the primeval elder Gu onto him.


 Shang Xin Ci at the other side also took out a primeval elder Gu.


 "Brother Hei Tu, this is mine."


 In her primeval elder Gu, the cloud elder was frowning and upset, from that, one can deduce that there was around a hundred to three hundred thousand primeval stones in it.


 This was the pocket money Shang Yan Fei gave to her every month. She scrimped and saved, accumulating them and handed them all to Fang Yuan now.


 "If I speak anymore, it will be hypocritical. I accept it all, I will definitely repay you later!" Fang Yuan laughed heartily, cupping his fists and keeping the primeval stones.


 Shang Xin Ci smiled lightly, not thinking about Fang Yuan’s repayment. Even if she had to give these to him, she would not feel upset. But she knew, with his temper, he will not accept such a ’gift’, thus she could only ’lend’ him.


 "That’s the way." Wei Yang nodded.


 He had high hopes for Fang Yuan, and liked his clear definition of kindness and grudges.


 At one side, Shang Chi Wen hesitated, but eventually did not take out her primeval elder Gu.


 Her gaze was flickering with light, as she changed the topic: "Look, Ju Kai Bei is here."


 At the entrance of the auction house, a strong and muscular man appeared.


 He was at the prime of his life, eight feet tall. His skin was tightly wrapped around his muscles, layers after layers. When he walked, every step was the exact same distance, showing his strict and disciplined nature.


 He was like a tower, tall and straight, giving off a sense of pressure to his surroundings. It caused people to move away from him, but also look at him with respect and reverence.


 He was Ju Kai Bei.


 Rank four Gu Master, the peak of experts in third inner city battle stage!


 "Senior Ju, my clan’s young master Shang Ya Zi invites you to the fifth private room."


 "Lord Ju, my clan’s young master Pu Lao is already in fourth private room, and has prepared a banquet."


 "Sir Ju Kai Bei, this is the invitation from my clan’s young master Chao Feng, please accept it."


 ...


 At once, many servants crowded over, representing their young masters and sent out invitations to Ju Kai Bei.


 But Ju Kai Bei snorted coldly, not looking at them, walking to the first row of the hall and sitting down.


 The servants looked at each other before helplessly leaving.


 Time passed, and after Ju Kai Bei, another important person arrived.


 This person was neither fat nor thin, not tall or short, had a common face but his features were strange.


 The left of his face was bright red, and the right was pale blue. The two colors split his face into two portions, from the center of his nose, two colors split on both sides.


 "He is Shang Bu Li, to think he came." Wei Yang told Fang Yuan immediately.


 "It is him indeed. "Fang Yuan nodded slightly, having a clear picture in his mind.


 Shang Bu Li, titled ’Two faced man’, was the number one general under Shang Yan Fei. He had rank four cultivation, controlling Gu worms of fire and ice.


 He was Shang clan’s most important subject, and was a clan elder in Shang clan, in charge of the trading of servants in Shang clan, his authority was higher than that of Wei Yang.


 When Shang Bu Li appeared, it attracted many greetings and bootlicking. He had a proud expression, squinting as he walked slowly between the people, enjoying the feeling of being praised to the heaven.


 His authority was greater than the ten young masters.


 The young masters can only control some of Shang clan’s businesses, but as the number one subject of Shang clan, Shang Bu Li controlled the entire slave trade market in Shang clan.


 "Shang Bu Li, can you walk faster, dragging your steps like this, are you a man?" At this time, an unhappy tone complained.


 With Shang Bu Li’s position, in Shang clan city, he was second only to the clan leader, who dared to be so rude to him?


 Shang Bu Li heard this, and his heart shuddered, shrinking his head as he turned around, bowing to the person speaking: "Lord Doctor Su Shou, Bu Li pays respect to you."


 The person who came was Doctor Su Shou.


 She was one of the four great doctors of southern border, and had rank five cultivation, she had once treated Fang Yuan’s injuries.


 She still wore a white shirt, and her face was covered in a white veil, preventing others from seeing her appearance, but her body curves could not be hidden.


 Shang Bu Li did not dare to look at her body, shifting his gaze to the floor beside her feet.


 Doctor Su Shou and clan leader Shang Yan Fei had a complicated relationship, she had a high position in Shang clan. As Shang Yan Fei’s ’rumored lover’, even if Shang Bu Li had a million guts, he would not dare to disrespect her.


 "Just don’t block my path." Doctor Su Shou snorted coldly, bringing her eight white shirt servants and walking past Shang Bu Li, entering a private room and vanishing from everyone’s sight.


 Shang Bu Li rubbed his nose, laughing bitterly, there was nothing he could do in front of Doctor Su Shou.


 Not long after, many people appeared again.


 Yan Tu who shared the same fame as Ju Kai Bei, Shang Yan Fei’s fifth general Yi Huo, Yi Bu Hui elder from Yi clan, Fei Luan Feng elder from Fei clan, and others.


 "This auction is a gathering of experts. There are established Gu Masters, new generation rising stars, lone warriors, and leaders of large clans. Among them, I wonder how many will become my obstacle?" Fang Yuan thought.


 "Sorry for the long wait everyone, the auction officially starts now!" The hosting female Gu master had a young beautiful appearance as she stood on the stage using the sound amplify Gu.


 She knew everyone was impatient, thus she spoke quickly, and started introducing the first item.


 Frost arrow Gu.


 Rank four Gu, shaped like a drain fly, its body was blue like ice, and its mouth was long and needle-like.


 This kind of ice type Gu was a treasure in Ju clan village. It was like Gu Yue clan who collected many types of moon type Gu.


 "Once the frost arrow Gu is activated, frost energy gathers and it shoots out an arrow of ice to quickly assault the enemy. As everyone knows, its greatest advantage is low primeval essence consumption, even a rank three Gu Master can use it. The base price is seventy thousand primeval stones!" The female Gu Master quickly introduced.


 "Seventy-five thousand."


 "Eighty thousand!"


 "Eighty-five thousand!"


 ...


 The bids continued to rise, until ninety thousand, and the speed decreased drastically. Gu Masters’ bids increased by three thousand, compared to five thousand at the start.


 After the hundred thousand benchmark, the three thousand increment shrunk to one thousand.


 "A hundred and ten thousand. " Bai Ning Bing said.


 "The esteemed guest from ninth private room bid a hundred and ten thousand!" The hosting Gu Master raised her pitch, this was the first time a guest from a private room had bid.


 "A hundred and twenty thousand." Shang Ya Zi’s voice came out of fifth private room.


 Bai Ning Bing squinted, calling: "A hundred and thirty thousand."


 Shang Ya Zi quickly followed: "A hundred and forty thousand."


 Bai Ning Bing gave Fang Yuan a glance, saying: "A hundred and fifty thousand."


 Fang Yuan shrugged.


 This bid was obviously Shang Ya Zi finding problems with them. Bai Ning Bing was in the same room as Fang Yuan, thus she was targeted by Shang Ya Zi, she was really under fire for no reason.


 "A hundred and fifty thousand for a frost arrow Gu... hmph, I want you guys to suffer!" In fifth private room, Shang Ya Zi laughed sinisterly, not bidding anymore.


 Although Bai Ning Bing bought the frost arrow Gu, she paid forty thousand extra.


 "It seems Shang Ya Zi is here with a vengeance." Wei Yang sighed.


 Shang Xin Ci also frowned, feeling worried for Fang Yuan.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 How will Fang Yuan deal with this evil villian?



***
Chapter 307: Auction (3)


***





 Chapter 307: Auction (3)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Take a look everyone, this is a thousand year wind willow." The female Gu Master pointed at the item on the stage and introduced.


 "Wind willow is a rare type of plant that is used in refinement as material. It only grows in a location where there is sufficient wind energy to sustain its growth. Because Ju Feng mountain has winds all year round, they can produce large amounts of wind willows."


 "An ordinary wind willow is only a few decades old, or a few centuries. But the current auction item, it is a thousand years old, able to be used in rank five Gu refinement! The base bid is fifty thousand primeval stones, the auction starts now."


 Once she said so, people started bidding.


 "Fifty-five thousand!"


 "Fifty-eight thousand."


 "Sixty-five thousand."


 "Seventy thousand."


 The bids went up, as many people participated, most of them were professional refinement Gu masters.


 A thousand year wind willow is rarely seen, even Ju clan who had lived on Ju Feng mountain for hundreds of years, had only eighteen remaining.


 Wind willow did not have tree branches, there is only the roots underground, and one stem.


 When the winds blow, this sole stem would sway with the winds, like seaweed underwater.


 The thousand year wind willow on the stage had been coiled up, but its length definitely exceeded a hundred meters.


 Fang Yuan tried to intervene and bid, but that Shang Ya Zi immediately raised the bid by five thousand.


 Eventually, a refinement master obtained the wind willow, spending almost a hundred thousand.


 "The thousand year wind willow is the eighth item, during this period, whenever I bid for something, Shang Ya Zi would interfere. If I do nothing, he would remain silent too. It seems his sole purpose here today is to oppose me." Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, gaining a deeper understanding of Shang Ya Zi’s narrow-mindedness.


 Time continued to pass.


 Ninth item, tenth item...


 "What is displayed next is the twelfth item. This is a chasing wind Gu, rank four movement Gu, it allows the Gu Master to have the speed to chase after winds. Base bid is a hundred and eighty thousand." The female Gu Master’s delicate voice reverberated in the entire auction house.


 "A hundred and ninety thousand."


 "Two hundred thousand!"


 "Two hundred and twenty thousand!"


 "Two hundred and fifty thousand!"


 ...


 Chasing wind Gu was a popular auction item, once it appeared, the first climax of the auction house appeared.


 Many people participated and bid, even the quiet private rooms started to bid for the item.


 Wind, light, lightning, cloud, these four types of Gu were outstanding movement Gu worms. Chasing wind Gu was a rank four Gu, it gave a great boost to the Gu Master’s speed.


 Fang Yuan tried to bid, but Shang Ya Zi immediately followed after.


 Fang Yuan no longer said anything, as their bids were buried under the other people’s voices.


 At times, new competitors entered the bidding, but more people gave up after seeing the absurd prices.


 When the chasing wind Gu’s price rose to three hundred and fifty thousand, only two Gu Masters were left competing.


 One was Yi clan elder Yi Bu Hui, the other was Fei clan elder Fei Luan Feng.


 Yi clan and Fei clan did not have a good relationship, the two competed as sparks arose.


 Eventually, the chasing wind Gu was bought by elder Yi Bu Hui using four hundred and forty thousand.


 Although Fang Yuan had over two million primeval stones, he did not participate.


 Chasing wind Gu contained the Dao mark of wind, if he used it, his beast phantoms would cause a huge disturbance to the Gu, causing the effect to weaken. Thus, chasing wind Gu was not a good choice for Fang Yuan.


 "If this was the rank four fairy wind Gu, I would buy it, too bad this was merely a chasing wind Gu."


 Fang Yuan had a recipe, he could use fairy wind Gu, seven shining stars Gu and a few other materials to refine the fixed star Gu, which was the main ingredient in refining fixed immortal travel Gu.


 Dream Travel, Carefree Travel, Fixed Immortal Travel, Liquor God Travel, these were the four great movement Gu.


 All of them were rank six Gu.


 Dream travel could allow Gu Masters to enter other people’s dreams. Carefree travel was best at dodging attacks. Fixed immortal travel could allow a Gu Master to teleport themselves to anywhere they want to go. Liquor god travel was the most special, and first appeared in <>, but that story is for later.


 Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, thus he had the carefree travel Gu and fixed immortal travel Gu’s recipes. Among them, the fixed immortal travel Gu was most needed by Fang Yuan, but the success rate of refinement was extremely low, and he did not have enough materials for it either, thus he could only set it aside for now.


 "Alright, for our thirteenth item, it is a... bitter strength Gu!"


 The female Gu master introduced on the stage, but even without her explanation, many Gu Masters’ eyes were shining brightly.


 "I have to obtain this bitter strength Gu no matter what, no one can stop me, two hundred thousand primeval stones!" Before the female Gu Master gave the base bid, Fang Yuan quickly shouted.


 Fang Yuan’s words made Ju Kai Bei unhappy: "Youngsters are so anxious, I bid two hundred and fifty thousand."


 "Three hundred thousand." Shang Bi Xi also bid quickly.


 "Five hundred thousand!" Fang Yuan reported a frightening price.


 The entire auction house went wild.


 "That voice, I think it is Gu Yue Fang Zheng!"


 "He sure is rich, bidding five hundred thousand just for a bitter strength Gu."


 "He had won so many times on the battle stage, he is affluent and loaded."


 People sighed, while some strength path Gu Masters had a bitter expression, they held some expectations towards the bitter strength Gu, and wanted to try bidding, but with Fang Yuan’s bid, they were kicked out of the race before even beginning.


 Even the female Gu Master on the stage was shocked.


 Bitter strength Gu was rank four, but strength path Gu worms had little requirements towards the Gu Master in terms of primeval essence, rank three could barely activate them. Its market price was around three hundred and eighty thousand, lower than the chasing wind Gu.


 To think that Fang Yuan bid five hundred thousand immediately, a hundred and twenty thousand above the market value.


 "Youngsters these days sure have vigor." Ju Kai Bei sighed, no longer competing. Half a million primeval stones was enough for him to buy a few other useful Gu worms.


 "Eighth brother, ninth brother..."Shang Bi Xi looked at the two young masters hesitantly.


 Ninth brother Shang Suan Ni did not say anything, only looking at Shang Pu Lao.


 "Tenth brother, this depends on you. If you want to compete for it, we as brothers will support you all the way." Shang Pu Lao smiled and encouraged.


 Shang Bi Xi gritted his teeth: "Five hundred thousand... it’s too much of a loss. Nevermind, let Fang Zheng take it."


 He also gave up.


 Fang Yuan’s determined display removed two competitors for him.


 "Five hundred thousand, going once."


 "Five hundred thousand, going twice."


 "Five hundred thousand, going thric..."


 "Hold on, I bid five hundred and ten thousand." Right before the female Gu Master slammed the hammer, Shang Ya Zi said slowly in his private room.


 "Hmph, Shang Ya Zi, you think you can stop me? Six hundred thousand." Fang Yuan immediately followed, speaking with strong disdain.


 Shang Ya Zi laughed coldly: "I’ll play with you if you want to Fang Zheng. Six hundred and ten."


 The people in the auction house started chattering.


 "Fang Zheng and Shang clan young master are at odds!"


 "How can this be?"


 "Fang Zheng has the purple thorn token, and is an esteemed guest in Shang clan, he has no fear towards Shang Ya Zi’s young master identity. But Shang Ya Zi is in charge of all the shops in Shang clan, and has great wealth. This will be a battle among tigers and dragons !"


 ...


 "Seven hundred thousand!" Fang Yuan shouted: "Shang Ya Zi, you lost to me previously, you are a loser. It seems you have not been punished enough."


 Shang Ya Zi retorted: "Complete bullshit, we’ll see who teaches who a lesson! Seven hundred and ten!!"


 Once he said that, the crowd went wild.


 Shang Ya Zi and Fang Yuan’s dispute was no secret to Shang clan city’s higher ups. But to ordinary Gu Masters, it was news to them.


 At once, people started guessing why Shang Ya Zi has a grudge against Fang Yuan.


 "Evidently, Shang Ya Zi lost in a fight to Fang Zheng before, and wants to take revenge."


 "Why bother with the reasoning. Young master Ya Zi is well known for his pettiness, even if a bystander knocks into him, he will take revenge. Fang Zheng is a lawless brute, it is no wonder that they would have conflicts."


 "You are both wrong, I heard already, Shang Ya Zi and Fang Zheng went to Qin Yan brothel before, and were interested in the number one lady there. But eventually Fang Zheng got her, and that led to Shang Ya Zi’s animosity."


 "Real or fake?" Someone expressed doubt.


 The person who spoke earlier, showed a fearless expression, pointing at a seat: "Look there, that is lady An Yu, you don’t have to doubt me, just ask her."


 Thus, everyone sent a curious gaze towards her.


 Lady An Yu was stunned too, not expecting herself to get involved, but she suddenly saw among the people, her pimp was winking at her.


 She immediately understood, this was a way to get famous. For a brothel prostitute like her, only such news would be able to raise her worth.


 She did not answer, but lowered her head, blushing. Once she did that, most of the suspicious people believed it.


 "So that’s what happened."


 "Looking at Lady An Yu’s expression, the answer is clear!"


 "You guys do not know the true story, but I do. In history, beauties are always paired with heroes, why do you think Lady An Yu likes Fang Zheng?"


 "Why?"


 "Hehe... because Shang Ya Zi is thin and weak, he has a ’weak’ lower body. But Fang Zheng is strong and energetic, every one of his ’strikes’ carries the all-out effort Gu’s vigor. The impact of the wild boar, the slamming of the brown bear, the twisting of the crocodile tail, the force of the horse, the stamina of the green bull, and the endurance of the stone turtle... Hehe, such a man, which lady would not like him?"


 "Ohhh!" Immediately, many men understood.


 Some girls squeezed their thighs together, their faces blushing as they were deep in their imaginations.


 Lady An Yu’s head was lowered even further, thinking happily in her heart: "I’m on fire, I’m going to be famous!"


 Just as the auction house was filled with rumors and guesses, Fang Yuan and Shang Ya Zi’s competition had reached eight hundred and ten thousand.


 "Fang Zheng, with me here today, you are bound to lose. Give up, you are not my match." Shang Ya Zi laughed happily, he added ten thousand every single time to piss off Fang Yuan.


 "You think I am afraid of you! It is merely eight hundred and ten thousand, so what." Fang Yuan snorted coldly.


 "Young master, this is enough, we should stop now." A servant carefully observed and advised.


 Shang Ya Zi hesitated: "I know. Fang Zheng is adamant on getting the bitter strength Gu! After he bids, I am going to bid once more, and stop. This idiot, spending more than eight hundred thousand to buy a bitter strength Gu, it is almost twice the market price. I can finally vent this anger, it feels so good. Hahaha!"


 At this time, Fang Yuan continued.


 "But this time, I shall let you off. You can have the bitter strength Gu."


 Servant: "..."


 Shang Ya Zi: "..."


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Chibi: "..."



***
Chapter 308: Auction (4)


***





 Chapter 308: Auction (4)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Haha, I’m afraid Shang Ya Zi’s face is green now." In the ninth private room, Wei Yang laughed uncontrollably: "But brother Fang Zheng, is it really okay for you to not get the bitter strength Gu?"


 Beside him, Shang Xin Ci gave Fang Yuan a look of concern.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "I must get the bitter strength Gu no matter what, but I am not idiot, spending eight hundred and ten thousand primeval stones on a Gu. I would rather refine it myself, eight hundred and ten thousand... it is enough for many tries."


 "The chances of failure is very high, it will harm your body brother Hei Tu." Shang Xin Ci expressed her worry.


 Fang Yuan shook his head slowly, he had others plans for this, but he could not tell them.


 "Heh! This Fang Zheng played Shang Ya Zi like a fool. He spent eight hundred and ten thousand on a bitter strength Gu." The spectators watched with shining eyes.


 "Shang Ya Zi, that idiot, this is a disgrace to all of us young masters!" The Shang clan young masters were furious.


 "To say the truth, Fang Zheng’s acting was superb, even I was fooled by him." Someone sighed.


 " The person on the spot is baffled, the onlooker sees clearly. I knew something was amiss long ago." Someone claimed that he knew.


 "Shang Ya Zi is so petty and enjoys revenge, thus he kept raising his bid. But Fang Zheng also failed to get the Gu he wanted, thus they were both losers. This is why you cannot bring feuds into the auction house." Ju Kai Bei thought in his heart.


 "The real winner is the auction house."


 "Ju clan must be overjoyed, one bitter strength Gu for eight hundred and ten thousand!"


 Everyone discussed among each other.


 But the truth is, they forgot one big winner.


 That is, Lady An Yu who shot to fame.


 Clink.


 Shang Ya Zi smashed his cup on the ground, breaking it.


 In fifth private room, the servants knelt on the ground, breathing as silently as they could.


 Shang Ya Zi sat on his seat, breathing roughly as veins popped up on his forehead, his face flushing with rage.


 He was tricked!


 Eight hundred and ten thousand, spent on a bitter strength Gu he could not even use.


 Shang Ya Zi felt his own heart bleeding!


 The truth is, he was smart, after that setback, he learnt his lesson and became wiser. For the last two years, he worked hard and managed the shops very well.


 But character decides your fate.


 He was petty and spiteful, hatred made him lose his rationality, thus falling for Fang Yuan’s trap.


 "Fang Zheng, Fang Zheng, if not for the poison vow Gu, I will definitely kill you, I will chop you into a million pieces!!!" Shang Ya Zi screamed in his heart.


 The auction continued.


 Fourteenth item, fifteenth, sixteenth... eighteenth... twenty-eighth...


 Another climax occurred, as the atmosphere livened up, and people quickly forgot Fang Yuan and Shang Ya Zi’s conflict.


 "The thirty-second item — rank four atmosphere Gu." The female Gu Master said.


 Atmosphere Gu was shaped like a butterfly, having a pair of blue wings, each time it fluttered, there would be sparkling dust created in the air, it was a very attractive sight.


 Atmosphere Gu was a unique Gu, it absorbed life energy and was born from the wind, it was a natural Gu. Up till now, no recipe master had been able to develop their recipe.


 There were three types of recipe masters. Those that looked at the past, studying the ancient strength path, qi path and other Gu worms recipes, attempting to restore them. Some looked at the present, studying naturally formed Gu, attempting to produce their refinement recipe. And those who looked at the future, creating new and innovative refinement recipes from afresh.


 Atmosphere Gu was not only created in a unique way, its use was also unique.


 It could be used on a race or group, using an invisible force to create a habit or hobby that affected the entire group.


 In ancient times, Gu Masters used it to deal with beast groups. If they were dealing with a group of steel needle boars, the Gu Master would use the atmosphere Gu and target them, giving them the habit of rubbing their skin on rocks.


 The steel needle boar’s fur were like steel needles, it was offense and defense in one. After rubbing on the rocks, they would get damaged, and the Gu Masters would be able to deal with them easily.


 But later, Gu Masters eventually realized that the atmosphere Gu was the perfect weapon in ruling tribes or clans.


 Some clans lacked food, but loved to brew wine. After using the atmosphere Gu, they removed the habit of brewing wine, and they had more food to eat, allowing the clan to develop better.


 The atmosphere Gu could not only be used to deal with internal habits, but also external.


 In history, there was a very famous example.


 Two clans were in conflict, the weaker one used the atmosphere Gu and caused the stronger clan’s women to have the interest to bind their foot.


 The caused the women in this clan to become unable to carry out laborious tasks. The female Gu Masters also experienced a fall in strength, eventually the weaker clan overthrew and wiped them out.


 At the end of the day, this was a Gu world, and there were all sorts of unimaginable Gu worms.


 The female Gu Master introduced the Gu before saying: "Atmosphere Gu, base bid is two hundred and sixty thousand primeval stones."


 "Three hundred thousand." Yi clan elder Yi Bu Hui bid first.


 "Three hundred and fifty thousand." Fei clan elder Yan Luan Feng was equally tough.


 "Three hundred and seventy thousand." A recipe master shouted.


 "Three hundred and eighty thousand." Wei Yang spoke, he was in charge of Feng Yu Manor, he wanted to use this atmosphere Gu to make his subordinates work better.


 "Five hundred thousand!" Fang Yuan shouted.


 The crowd was silent.


 Fang Yuan was silent for a while, but this voice made everyone recall, it was the person who tricked Shang Ya Zi previously.


 "Five hundred thousand for an atmosphere Gu? Fang Zheng, you still want to con me? Do I look like an idiot!" Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth, his eyes burning with rage.


 He had just spent eight hundred and ten thousand primeval stones, if he spends another five hundred thousand, he would go bankrupt.


 "Five hundred thousand, going once... twice... thrice... sold!" The female Gu Master announced.


 Five hundred thousand was slightly above everyone’s budget, no one bid anymore.


 The atmosphere Gu was effective on a clan or force, but had little use towards individuals, it made many people feel indifferent towards it.


 "Brother Fang Zheng, you could’ve gotten this Gu for four hundred and sixty thousand." Wei Yang sighed.


 Shang Xin Ci had a different interpretation: "No, considering Yi clan and Fei clan, those two elders might compete and raise the prices above this. Bidding five hundred thousand made both of them reluctant to bid, it was a good call."


 "Four hundred and sixty thousand... five hundred thousand... it is only forty thousand more. Brother Wei, I will keep this Gu then." Fang Yuan waved his hand, not bothered by it. 

 "Why, don’t tell me you want to rebuild Gu Yue village?" Wei Yang was shocked, not expecting Fang Yuan to be interested in the Gu.


 Earlier, he thought Fang Yuan was bidding for his sake.


 "Of course I need this Gu, but the reason will have to kept secret for a while longer." Fang Yuan smiled, but did not elaborate.


 "Hmph, acting secretive." Bai Ning Bing hated this side of Fang Yuan, she knew he was scheming again and kept her guard up.


 After the atmosphere Gu, it was a set of eating wind Gu.


 Thirty-eight eating wind Gu, grouped into one set and auctioned together.


 Eating wind Gu was only rank two, but had a great use, it allowed the Gu Master to consume wind and fill their stomachs.


 Ju clan was situated on top of Ju Feng mountain, they specialized in wind type Gu. The eating wind Gu was one of their specialties.


 Time continued to pass.


 Thirty-four... thirty-five... thirty-eight... forty-four...


 Fang Yuan did not bid anymore, but Wei Yang tried once and successfully bought a light type Gu, getting what he wanted.


 Bai Ning Bing also bid three times, eventually getting a rank three tornado Gu.


 Just as Fang Yuan lost all his interest, the final forty-ninth item was displayed.


 "This is the greatest treasure we have for this auction. It is not a Gu worm, and is not a precious refinement material, but it is a recipe." The female Gu Master introduced.


 Next she added: "This recipe, because it is extremely precious, it has not been appraised yet.


 This sentence made everyone curious.


 Normally, precious refinement recipes would have to be appraised carefully. Because, once the recipe is handed to a recipe master to appraise, there is a danger of it leaking.


 Recipe, recipe, it is best if less people know about it. A recipe that is known by everyone, is worth less than a blank piece of paper.


 The female Gu Master was experienced, thus she did not speak but let everyone digest the information.


 Seeing everyone deep in thought, but gathered their gaze on her once again, the female Gu Master smiled, throwing a bomb at them: "This recipe, is regarding the Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus."


 "Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus? Did I hear wrongly!"


 "Rank three Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, rank four Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus, rank five Heavenly Essence Treasure King Lotus... This series of Gu worms are too famous, I can easily recite them."


 "This is the Immortal Venerable Genesis Lotus’ core Gu. I heard whoever is able to refine the rank six Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus would be able to receive the Immortal Venerable Genesis Lotus’ inheritance ground!"


 "To think Ju clan had such a treasure..."


 The people in the auction house were bursting with excitement.


 The female Gu Master continued: "Since everyone has an understanding of the heavenly essence treasure lotus, I shall not explain further. This is a recipe involving the refinement of the heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus. The starting bid is five hundred thousand!"


 The price of the recipe was much higher than Gu worms.


 The recipe of the rank four heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus was even more expensive than the monarch lotus itself.


 Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. In theory, with the recipe, you will be able to create many heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus.


 "Hold on, I have a question. Does this recipe require the heavenly essence treasure lotus as the refinement material?" Fang Yuan suddenly asked, shouting at the top of his lungs.


 The female Gu Master’s expression changed, she did not want to answer, but Fang Yuan was the owner of a purple thorn token.


 She had been avoiding this question, but did not expect Fang Yuan’s mind to be so astute, asking the most crucial question.


 She had no choice but to confess: "Although in principle, we do not reveal the details of the recipe, but with Shang clan’s integrity, this recipe does indeed need the heavenly essence treasure lotus as the main ingredient."


 Everyone gasped.


 "The heavenly essence treasure lotus is needed as the main ingredient, where are we going to find one?"


 "No wonder Ju clan did not refine the heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus despite having this recipe."


 "What use does this have? We can’t do anything with it, this is too awkward."


 "That was close, thankfully Fang Zheng asked that question."


 "Mostly importantly, this recipe’s authenticity has not been appraised yet."


 "This recipe was kept as a treasure by Ju clan, it definitely is something good. I will bid five hundred and twenty thousand." A recipe master bid.


 Even so, the recipe regarding the heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus still had great attraction to some Gu Masters.


 "Five hundred and fifty thousand."


 "Five hundred and eighty thousand."


 The bids went up, slower and slower, until it stopped at six hundred and sixty thousand.


 "Six hundred and seventy thousand." Wei Yang was the last to bid, as he obtained this recipe eventually.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Atmosphere Gu just feels so ridiculously broken, just make your opponent suicidal... PS: Slight changes to the four great travel Gu in the previous chapter, props to ywdwb for pointing out.



***
Chapter 309: Xin Ci’s aspiration


***





 Chapter 309: Xin Ci’s aspiration


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 With Wei Yang’s successful bid of heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus’s recipe, the auction ended.


 Ju clan was after all a clan which had stood for centuries; it possessed deep foundations. Many auction participants obtained something from their collection while others were able to experience new perspectives.


 "It is rare for everyone to gather together, do not leave now, let me host a feast." Fang Yuan urged everyone to stay.


 In a restaurant, there were all kinds of delicacies, fine food and liquor, placed on jade plates.


 "Brother Fang Zheng, this is the recipe you wanted." After three cups of wine, Wei Yang took out a heart engraved Gu and gave to Fang Yuan.


 Heart engraved Gu was like a ladybug and was finger sized. Its whole body was scarlet red, and on its round carapace were four white heart shaped spots.


 Heart engraved Gu was a storage type Gu.


 It was almost the same as bookworm; they were used to store information.


 Heart engraved Gu was a series of Gu that could range from rank one to rank five. A rank one heart engraved Gu only had one white heart shaped spot on its carapace, while rank two had two and so on.


 This heart engraved Gu Wei Yang took out had four spots which meant it was rank four.


 But, using a rank four heart engraved Gu to store the recipe of heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus was also normal.


 Fang Yuan had spent six hundred and seventy thousand primeval stones for this recipe. He had made Wei Yang bid to avoid suspicions.


 Seeing this heart engraved Gu, Fang Yuan did not accept it but said: "Since Brother Wei Yang had already refined it, it will be better for you to use it now so that I do not have to refine it again."


 "That works too." Wei Yang nodded his head and poured his primeval essence.


 The heart engraved Gu turned into a thin flow of pink light with a soft crackling sound. Under Wei Yang’s control, the light flow entered Fang Yuan’s heart and disappeared instantly.


 Immediately, a recipe appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind containing the method to refine heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus.


 The main Gu worm for the fusion, all the supplementary materials, every step and every matter that needed attention was mentioned in it.


 The contents could not be forgotten even if Fang Yuan wanted to forget them as if they were deeply imprinted into his heart. This was the ability of heart engraved Gu; granting a deep memory like it was etched into one’s bones and heart.


 A feeling of happiness emerged in Fang Yuan’s heart: "I have heavenly essence treasure lotus but it is only rank three. It is still worth using now, but when I reach rank four, its use will immediately dwindle. Now that I have this recipe, if I can refine heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus in the future, it will no doubt be a great help to me."


 Fang Yuan did not know heavenly essence treasure lotus’ recipe. Obtaining this recipe was an unexpected joy.


 Although this recipe had yet to be appraised, with Fang Yuan’s plentiful experiences, he was able to give an initial judgement that the probability of this recipe being fake was very small. Otherwise, Shang clan would not have put it in the auction.


 "But I still need some Gu to deduce it further and prevent any traps or errors."


 "Now that I have bought this recipe, I am afraid some people have some thoughts about it. There will definitely be many people guessing if I have a heavenly essence treasure lotus."


 "However, heavenly essence treasure lotus might be rare and precious, but it is not one of a kind and troublesome like the blood skull Gu. Otherwise, I would not be able to brazenly buy this recipe. Now, my Gu set assembly is nearing completion and with my cultivation breakthrough, I have fewer worries and there are not many problems in buying this recipe."


 If it was before, Fang Yuan would not have bought this recipe so openly.


 But now, he was only half a step away from rank three upper stage which he could reach in a few days.


 After that, he would use white silver relic Gu and reach rank three peak stage!


 His strength was completely different from when he first came, with the purple thorn token protecting him, plus most people were only guessing, the consequences were something he could accept.


 "Calculating the time, Fang Zheng had already been in Shang clan city for over two years. His rapid development was really shocking. Heavenly essence treasure lotus..." Wei Yang thought while drinking wine, but did not speak out.


 "Could it be Big Brother Hei Tu has heavenly essence treasure lotus?" Shang Xin Ci also inwardly guessed but did not ask.


 On her first day of cultivation, Shang Yan Fei told her about the many taboos of Gu Masters. One of the taboos was to not casually inquire about the Gu worms other Gu Masters possessed.


 To Gu Masters, their Gu were their butter and bread. It was their private matter, their secret and their trump card.


 Once their Gu worms were exposed, it was very easy for others to target them.


 Thus, among Gu Masters, it was a great taboo to ask what Gu worms the other held.


 "Fang Yuan has heavenly essence treasure lotus, so he bought the recipe. This is understandable. But why did he give up bitter strength Gu to buy atmosphere Gu?"


 Bai Ning Bing was sitting without speaking. She thought for a while but she could not see through Fang Yuan’s move.


 "Sigh, it would have been good if I was able to become a young master. Shang clan young master has an opportunity to apply for three Gu worms every year from the clan and the clan will search for the Gu without any charge." Shang Xin Ci said with a sigh.


 This was a great policy by Shang clan to nurture their young masters. As long as the requests were not absurd, Shang clan would gather its strength to get the Gu the young masters wanted.


 If Shang Xin Ci became a young master, it would be as easy as flipping her palm to get a bitter strength Gu by borrowing the whole clan’s strength.


 Fang Yuan had been searching for bitter strength Gu since long ago. One finally appeared in the auction, but Shang Ya Zi prevented him from obtaining it. Shang Xin Ci wanted to help Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan patted Shang Xin Ci’s shoulder and smiled: "It does not matter. Who knows, maybe that Shang Ya Zi might hand over the bitter strength Gu to me."


 "Second brother spent eight hundred and ten thousand to buy that bitter strength Gu, he has already become a laughingstock due to it. Wanting him to hand it over of his own accord, I am afraid it would not be possible..." Shang Chi Wen shook her head from the side, thinking Fang Yuan was indulging in fantasy.


 "Could it be Big Brother Hei Tu has already thought of a plan?" Shang Xin Ci’s eyes flashed with brilliance.


 Wei Yang and others also looked over curiously.


 Fang Yuan pointed at Bai Ning Bing, looking confident: "Everything is thanks to Ning Bing."


 "Me?" Bai Ning Bing was stupefied.


 "Speak quickly, what clever idea do you have?" Everyone could not help becoming more curious.


 "You will find out in two to three days. Please wait till then." Fang Yuan laughed.


 He then looked at Shang Xin Ci with a solemn expression: "Xin Ci, do you really want to become a young master? Becoming a young master means entering the political whirlpool and you will no longer have the freedom to act independently. You are now clearer of Shang clan’s situation than me. The competition between Shang clan young masters is very intense, the struggle is even more bloody. If you want to become a young master, you will fall into this dangerous conflict."


 This was the most crucial of matters; Fang Yuan needed a clear answer.


 If Shang Xin Ci did not have such an aspiration, there was no point in helping her.


 Under Fang Yuan’s shining gaze, Shang Xin Ci smiled: "Big Brother Hei Tu, even now, do I really have freedom? I am also completely helpless in this."


 "The whole journey to Shang clan city after joining the caravan was filled with untold dangers, I narrowly escaped death many times. I have reflected upon it; the world is an ocean and we are small boats on it. The small boats seem to be drifting freely with the flow, but most of them are helpless. Only with high cultivation and influence, can the small boat turn into a big boat and be able to resist the trials and hardships, to provide a safe area for the ones we care about."


 Shang Xin Ci’s words were ordinary and did not seem to contain any passion, but everyone could feel a heroic emotion from her.


 "Great. You have aspiration." Wei Yang laughed.


 Shang Chi Wen also threw an amazed look.


 She had interacted with Shang Xin Ci for a fairly long time now but had never expected the latter to conceal such grand aspirations under her gentle appearance.


 "My missy is a genius in business, she is more than capable of being a Shang clan young master." Xiao Die stood behind Shang Xin Ci and interjected proudly.


 "Xiao Die..." Shang Xin Ci was embarrassed as she gave Xiao Die a stare.


 Xiao Die simply stuck out her tongue.


 "Haha, she is right. In that case, both of us will lend you a hand and help you become Shang clan young master." Fang Yuan laughed loudly as he felt a relief.


 It was not strange for Shang Xin Ci to have such an aspiration.


 Poor children matured early, Shang Xin Ci’s childhood was not blessed as she was frequently bullied by her clansmen. She became clear of the cruelty of the world even more in the caravan due to her own negligible weak self. No matter how gentle the person was, they would still be greatly affected by such experiences.


 However, Shang Xin Ci’s nature was kind, different from Fang and Bai. She wanted to become strong, not only for herself, but more for the happiness of the people around her.


 "Hehehe, this year’s young master examination has already passed. Sister Xin Ci will have a chance in the coming year. But, the competition for the young master’s position is very intense. Lord father has a lot of children; while there is only one young master position available every year, the number of competitors can amount to hundreds." Shang Chi Wen chuckled and gave advice to Shang Xin Ci.


 However, she disapproved of this in her heart.


 Shang Xin Ci’s cultivation was very low, only at rank one upper stage now. Her aptitude also was not enough, not even having a B grade aptitude, so she did not have potential for development.


 Her mother was from Zhang clan which had deep hatred against Shang clan. This was her greatest political disadvantage.


 She was alone with no supporters, who would help her?


 Her only advantage was that Shang Yan Fei doted on her. For her, Shang Yan Fei paid an enormous price, almost defying heaven, changing her hopeless aptitude into one which could cultivate. This was a treatment that none of his other children received.


 However, this advantage was also a disadvantage in some aspect.


 Shang Xin Ci was isolated. And even Shang Chi Wen was envious of her inwardly.


 All these reasons made Shang Xin Ci unlikely to get the young master position, the chances were extremely slim.


 Fang Yuan naturally was clear of these disadvantages. In his previous life, Shang Xin Ci became a young master only after six years. But things have changed, Shang Xin Ci was a lone force in his previous life, but in this life she has Fang Yuan’s help...


 "Xin Ci, do not worry. With me helping you, there is no need for next year, I will help you become a young master this year!" Fang Yuan laughed loudly


 "Then I will wait and see." Shang Chi Wen had a smile on her face while inwarding curling her lips in disdain, feeling that the more Fang Yuan spoke, the more unreasonable he became, boasting so wildly.


 Wei Yang put down his wine cup: "Brother Fang Zheng, the competition for Shang clan’s young master position is not a small matter. As an elder of the clan, I cannot interfere in this."


 "There is no need for Brother Wei Yang’s help. The plan had already been made two years ago, and it is all thanks to Ning Bing." Fang Yuan smiled.


 "Eh?"


 Instantly, the gazes of everyone concentrated on Bai Ning Bing.


 Becoming the center of attention, Bai Ning Bing still maintained her indifferent expression, but doubts started rising in her mind and she could not help but curse secretly.


 "What does this have to do with me?"


 "Ning Bing, Ning Bing, calling my name so affectionately, does he really think our relation is that great!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Yup, all thanks to her.



***
Chapter 310: You shameless scoundrel!


***





 Chapter 310: You shameless scoundrel!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the blink of an eye, three to four days passed.


 "Bitter strength Gu..." In the study room, Shang Ya Zi held the Gu in his hand, his eyebrows folding into a crease, as he had an overwhelming urge — to crush this Gu worm to death!


 But he had to control himself.


 This bitter strength Gu cost him eight hundred and ten thousand primeval stones, if he crushed it, his heart will ache.


 Every time he looked at this Gu, Shang Ya Zi felt extremely gloomy.


 He had an illusion that the bitter strength Gu was soundlessly mocking him, reminding him of his stupidity every single second!


 At the auction a few days ago, he was tricked by Fang Yuan in front of everybody.


 Right now, he was a laughing stock. Even his surrounding clansmen refused to meet him.


 Nevermind if he was an idiot, but he was a Shang clan young master, such a deed brought shame to the entire Shang clan!


 As a Shang clan young master, Shang Ya Zi’s every action represented Shang clan and carried its image. His performance at the auction was not only a humiliation to himself, but also dragged the pride and glory of his Shang clansmen through the mud.


 As for Shang Yan Fei, he did not say a word regarding this matter.


 But this made Shang Ya Zi feel even more uneasy.


 "No, I must salvage my reputation. I have to make sure father looks at me in a different light, I must change my clansmen’s impression of me!" Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth, deciding in his heart.


 "Fang Zheng, you dare to oppose me, and played me like a fool. I will make sure you pay a terrible price!" His eyes shone with a dark sinister glow, flickering as he thought of ways to deal with Fang Yuan.


 After this matter, his hatred towards Fang Yuan had reached a tipping point, it was hatred that seeped into his soul.


 "Young master, young master, there is trouble!"


 At this moment, a loyal servant came over, shouting in front of the study room.


 "Why are you so frantic, is this the proper decorum? Get in here!" Shang Ya Zi scolded unhappily.


 The room door was pushed open, as the servant kneeled on the floor, his face flushed with terror: "Young master, there is trouble. There’s a rumor going around, it has spread all over Shang clan city. It says that you and Fang Zheng had once competed for Lady An Yu but you lost to him. That resulted in a grudge between you two, thus you went to find trouble with Fang Zheng."


 "Lady An Yu? That Qin Yan brothel’s prostitute? What rubbish is that." Shang Ya Zi curled his lips, laughing in disdain.


 But the servant continued: "They are also saying, you had a secret deal with Fang Zheng in order to pass the yearly assessment, and... and faked the accounts."


 "What?!" Shang Ya Zi heard this and howled, his expression changing. He jumped out of his seat, causing the brush and ink on his table to vibrate and fall.


 The servant continued carefully but anxiously: "Young master, the rumor is so elaborate, they even have the transaction time, and the exact amount of the account is circulated. It seems the clan’s internal affairs hall has been alerted, and they are sending Gu Masters here to investigate the matter."


 "Huh?!"


 Shang Ya Zi was dumbfounded, as if lightning struck his brain.


 At that instant, his face went pale, like blood drained out of his body.


 His heart palpitated, his body went soft as he almost fell onto the ground. Holding on to the study table weakly, he propped himself up.


 This impact was too quick, too heavy, too sudden!


 "I’m finished, completely finished. Once the matter of the fake accounting is exposed, I will lose the position of young master. This violates the clan rules, even mother cannot protect me. There is no point in begging father either! Once I lose this position, there are countless people waiting to devour me."


 As the crisis struck, Shang Ya Zi was extremely frightened, falling into a state of panic.


 "How can such news circulate? I was completely careful during the deal, other than Fang Zheng, no other person knew. Impossible, it’s impossible..."


 Shang Ya Zi muttered to himself as his expression was in a daze.


 He was still too young, without any life-threatening dangers to train him, although he managed the shops for two years, and had good management skills, he only scratched the surface. Once a problem occurs, he becomes shocked and helpless.


 ...


 Nan Qiu garden, the pavilion in the middle of the lake.


 Light winds blew, causing small waves to form on the surface of the lake.


 The lake was not big, the edges were made of stacked up rockery stones.


 On the surface of the lake, there were large lotus leaves, connected together like a chain, the pink-white flowerbud had not opened yet. Gold and orange carps swam in the water, surfacing at times.


 The pavilion was made of bricks and had a colorful roof and red pillars, it was obviously meticulously designed.


 In the pavilion there was a chessboard, and two youngsters were playing.


 One young man wore black clothing, his eyes dark like the abyss. The other was a female wearing white clothing, having silver hair and blue eyes, showing a cold expression.


 It was Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing played for a bit, before looking outside at the lake: "This Shang Ya Zi is really stupid, his reaction speed is so slow. I sent out the rumor long ago, why hasn’t he come here yet?"


 "No worries, I have instructed the guards to let him in, he will come." Fang Yuan smiled, showing his confidence of being in control of the situation.


 After panicking, Shang Ya Zi would definitely suspect Fang Yuan. Thus, he would come over and investigate the situation, even if he had no suspicions, he would come to convince Fang Yuan to cover up for him, to survive this investigation by Shang clan.


 Bai Ning Bing squinted her eyes, sighing: "Fang Yuan, I am really impressed, you actually managed to exploit this ’loophole’ in the poison vow Gu. You planned this from two years ago, didn’t you? Just waiting and enduring, until the time was ripe to activate this trap."


 Fang Yuan smiled, playing his chess piece as he answered: "Shang Ya Zi is a petty man, he will definitely take revenge. Why would I leave such a threat around? I did not use this earlier because Shang Xin Ci just had arrived in Shang clan and did not have a foundation. Gone with Shang Ya Zi, and in comes Shang Xin Ci, that is beneficial to both of us."


 Bai Ning Bing did not speak anymore, but her eyes were shining with blue light.


 In her heart, she felt a chill.


 Fang Yuan’s schemes came one after another, closely connected, once a person steps into it, it is like being in quicksand, trapped and helpless. The most shocking part was, he planned this two years ago after predicting this situation. Such foresight, it gave people chills, Shang Ya Zi was courting death by being enemies with him!


 "Fang Zheng, where are you? Get out here now!" Shang Ya Zi’s furious screams finally came.


 The pavilion on the lake was not concealed at all, after Shang Ya Zi was informed by the doorboy, he quickly found Fang and Bai.


 "Fang Zheng, you still have the mood to play chess? Do you know how far the rumors have spread? Tell me, was this all done by you!" Shang Ya Zi came to the pavilion, pointing at Fang Yuan as he shouted furiously.


 Fang Yuan turned his body around, speaking plainly: "If this was done by me, would I be alive? Shang Ya Zi, I can’t believe you are getting dumber and dumber. Did you forget that we used the poison vow Gu together?"


 Shang Ya Zi snorted, his anger subsiding slightly. Fang Yuan was right, if he was the culprit, he would have been dead already. Now that he was sitting there safe and sound, it meant the rumors were not due to him.


 But Fang Yuan’s next sentence sent him into pure rage.


 "Although I did not create the rumor, my companion Bai Ning Bing did."


 Shang Ya Zi was stunned, his relaxed face turned bright red, like a meteor entering the atmosphere.


 An intense rage grew in his heart.


 "It was you, it was done by you! You bitch, I am going to kill you!" He screamed, his eyes red with anger, as he stared at Bai Ning Bing like he was going to devour her. His aura was insane, like a leopard or wolf trying to attack its prey.


 "Oh? You want to strike here? Attack me?" Bai Ning Bing slowly stood up, her absolutely stunning face was cold as ice, as her icy tone contained strong disdain: "I am rank three peak stage, I have never lost a single battle in the battle stage, and I possess the purple thorn token, do you really want to fight to the death with me?"


 Shang Ya Zi’s facial muscles twitched, as he gritted his teeth, his eyes burning with fire as he stared fiercely at Bai Ning Bing.


 He did not attack in the end.


 He was rank three upper stage, and lived in an ivory tower all his life, he was not Bai Ning Bing’s match. At the same time, Bai Ning Bing had the purple thorn token, something Shang Yan Fei gave her personally.


 "Fang Zheng, you went back on your word, you will die a painful death! How did she know our deal? No wait, you went back on your word, why are you still alive?! Did you find some way to disable the poison vow Gu?" Shang Ya Zi turned to look at Fang Yuan, feeling uncertain.


 "No, no." Fang Yuan shook his head: "The poison vow was — You and I will keep it a secret, and we ’cannot divulge the information to an unknowing third party’. But before the poison vow Gu was used, I already told Bai Ning Bing this matter. Thus, she was a ’knowing third party’. The rumor was also not let out by me. It was all Bai Ning Bing’s effort. Thus, I did not violate the poison vow at all."


 Shang Ya Zi opened his mouth wide, showing a dumbstruck expression.


 Now that Fang Yuan mentioned it, the vow was indeed like this.


 Then why did he not find out this loophole back then?


 One, because of his mindset, he did not think Fang Yuan would tell Bai Ning Bing before they even discussed the issue. ’Cannot divulge the information to an unknowing third party’, just looking at this sentence, there was no problems.


 Second was because he was the one who initiated the use of the poison vow Gu, Fang Yuan looked unprepared and caught off guard, but he had actually predicted it long ago and was just trying to numb Shang Ya Zi’s senses.


 Third, Shang Ya Zi wanted to remain as a young master, and had no other ways. He was anxious and because the vow reciting was extremely painful, he could not think properly.


 But now that he knew, it was already too late...


 "Fang Zheng, you shameless scoundrel! You dare to trick me and deceive me like this! You are a despicable scum, so extremely despicable and shameless!"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan did nothing wrong.



***
Chapter 311: Actually, I am a kind person


***





 Chapter 311: Actually, I am a kind person


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Shang Ya Zi breathed raggedly, the more he scolded Fang Yuan the angrier he got.


 "Ah!" He howled, no longer able to suppress his anger, and flipped the stone table.


 The chess pieces were sent flying, and the table almost hit Fang Yuan’s leg, but he dodged in time.


 Shang Ya Zi took three steps backwards, his head dizzy and two traces of blood flowed down his nose.


 "Shang Ya Zi, I’d advise you to calm down. The poison vow states you cannot harm me. Thank me for dodging, if the stone table hit my leg, your injuries would be more severe." Fang Yuan laughed lightly.


 "Ah! Fang Zheng, I will tear you to shred, I want to pull out your tendons, skin you alive and devour every drop of blood and piece of flesh you have!"


 Fang Yuan’s smile became wider.


 Bai Ning Bing frowned: "Shang Ya Zi, you had better shut up. If not, I’ll throw you out by force! You are a Shang clan young master now, but that does not mean you’ll stay one for long. You are finished now, the internal affairs hall has started investigating, you do not have many days left here."


 Her words were like a bucket of cold water pouring on Shang Ya Zi.


 That’s right, he was going to lose his young master position! Saving his position was the crucial thing!


 But how could he save it?


 Whoever started the trouble should end it, he had to look at the source. He could only ally with Fang Yuan, to announce his innocence and deny any acts of fake accounting.


 In fact, his original intent in coming to Nan Qiu garden was to find Fang Yuan to collude with him!


 Shang Ya Zi felt a disgusting sickness in his heart as he thought about it.


 "These two scoundrels, they are the culprits in causing my situation! I want to eat their flesh and drink their blood, but now I have to beg them to cooperate with me?"


 Shang Ya Zi could not accept such an ending, his heart could not take it.


 Fang Yuan observed his expression, and saw Shang Ya Zi in turmoil, thus he said: "Shang Ya Zi, I am actually a kind person, I always repay kindness with gratitude and hatred with revenge. If you did not find trouble with me multiple times, caused trouble for me secretly, even going to the extent of snatching the bitter strength Gu from me at the auction, why would I find trouble with you?"


 "I admit, the poison vow did contain a loophole. But it has been two years since I came to Shang clan city. Have you seen me use it? If it was not you who went overboard, why would we reach such a state? All of these problems were single-handedly caused by you. I told the guards to let you in because I want you to know — your Shang clan is strong and I cannot afford to offend it, but you are just a young master, I am not afraid of going against you. Leave, I do not wish to make your life harder."


 " Loosening the reins to grasp them better ... what beautiful words." Bai Ning Bing glanced at Fang Yuan, a cold ridicule showing in her eyes.


 But Shang Ya Zi did not leave.


 He stood on the spot, motionless like a wooden pole.


 His expression was constantly changing, turning pale and green alternatively, sometimes he looked ruthless while at times he frowned in deep thought. In no time his forehead was full of sweat, as he had evidently fallen into great conflict with himself.


 Fang Yuan’s words made Shang Ya Zi realize that their relationship had not reached the worst stage yet, there was a chance to salvage the situation.


 It also reminded him that the bitter strength Gu was the reason for this.


 "To protect my young master position, I have to make sure Fang Zheng cooperates with me. Cooperate..." Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth, thinking of the bitter strength Gu.


 "Do I really give it to him? I spent eight hundred and ten thousand on this!"


 "What would others think of me if I give it to him? They might laugh their socks off!"


 "But if I don’t, how can I show my sincerity? How could I salvage our relationship?"


 "I am indignant, in the end, I bought the Gu just for his sake! This is the biggest humiliation of my life!"


 "Because of Fang Zheng, I spent eight hundred and ten thousand to buy a bitter strength Gu, causing everyone to mock me. Now, I have to hand the Gu over to him, isn’t this just pathetic?"


 "No, the bitter strength Gu is not the point, what’s important is protecting my young master position. Without it, I am nothing, I will have nothing..."


 In a short period of time, Shang Ya Zi considered his options, thinking until his ear were buzzing.


 Fang Yuan knew it was time when he saw that pale face, dazed look, and swaying body.


 "Shang Ya Zi, we told you to leave, why are you still here? Forget it, you pitiful soul, I do not want to bully you. Let’s go Bai Ning Bing, I heard Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu are fighting in the battle stage today. If we want to dominate the battle stage, we need to battle them, this is a good opportunity to learn about them." Fang Yuan sent a signal towards Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing stood up and pretended to leave, just as she took two steps, Shang Ya Zi spoke.


 "Please stay here." His voice was coarse.


 As he spoke, he called out the bitter strength Gu, and held it out with shaking arms.


 "Fang Zheng, it was my fault earlier. This is the bitter strength Gu as an apology." As he said this, Shang Ya Zi felt extremely reluctant, but he got used to it as he spoke, and towards the end, Shang Ya Zi felt the huge burden lifted off his shoulders.


 "This is the bitter strength Gu?" Bai Ning Bing stopped her steps, taking a glance.


 This bitter strength Gu was like a beetle. A small body and large body, it’s body was oval and palm-size. Its body was yellow brown, and had an uneven surface, as lumps grew on its back.


 "He handed over the bitter strength Gu as expected, Fang Yuan must be overjoyed now huh?" Bai Ning Bing sighed in her heart, Fang Yuan’s grasp at human behavior was way beyond her level.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, but said: "Shang Ya Zi, I know what you mean, but do you think I can’t survive without the bitter strength Gu? Although it is hard to refine, if I persevere, I will eventually obtain it. Do you think you can create problems for me when you feel like it, then reconcile when you need to? Fighting when you want to, making peace when you feel like it, is this world such an easy place? I, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, have my own dignity, are you trying to humiliate me?"


 "You are mistaken." Shang Ya Zi quickly explained.


 Fang Yuan snorted.


 Shang Ya Zi elaborated anxiously: "I, Shang Ya Zi, swear, from today onwards, I will not create problems for you. The two of us can become good alliance mates, fighting among ourselves will only entertain outsiders. Other than the bitter strength Gu, I can make other compensations. Primeval stones, Gu worms, Gu refinement material, I am in charge of the shops, I can give them to you."


 "Is that so..." Fang Yuan’s expression relaxed.


 Shang Ya Zi continued urging.


 Bai Ning Bing became an outsider, watching this speechlessly.


 Shang Ya Zi not only took out the bitter strength Gu, begging Fang Yuan to take it, but also had to compensate other materials.


 But she knew that he was just trying to get over this crisis. Shang Ya Zi was a petty man, he would definitely take revenge in the future.


 "I’ll keep the bitter strength Gu, I need time to think about it." Eventually, Fang Yuan did not make a decision.


 But this was enough for Shang Ya Zi to rejoice.


 He thought that Fang Yuan was too proud and was trying to make use of the situation to ask for more compensation.


 "I’ll agree to all of them, in the future, I’ll make sure you die horribly!" Vicious thoughts appeared in Shang Ya Zi’s mind, as he smiled even more sincerely.


 "Brother Fang Zheng, I am very sincere. Please do not take too long to consider, the internal affairs hall’s investigation will be held these few days. Without the young master position, I would not be able to compensate you."


 Fang Yuan nodded, no longer talking.


 Shang Ya Zi left in a better mood, as Fang Yuan look at him from behind, he said to Bai Ning Bing: "Okay, you can go report the case at the internal affairs hall already."


 Bai Ning Bing nodded, thinking: Tonight, I must go back and reread the vow I made with Fang Yuan, word by word!


 ...


 A few days later.


 In the study room, a sigh was echoing.


 Shang Yan Fei placed his paperwork down expressionlessly.


 The content was sent from internal affairs hall, involving Shang Ya Zi’s fake accounting case.


 Such a thing, it was okay to do it secretly. But once exposed, how could the clan tolerate it?


 Shang Ya Zi was Shang Yan Fei’s second son, the sigh earlier was a father’s disappointment in his son.


 "Revoke his young master status and punish him to join the slave capturing group, he is not to return here for three years." Shang Yan Fei raised his brush and wrote the punishment for Shang Ya Zi.


 He is the Shang clan leader, because of this identity, he had to represent the entire clan. His every action and word had considerable consequence.


 "Fang Zheng, Bai Ning Bing..." Shang Yan Fei’s eyes were glowing with a bright light.


 After settling Shang Ya Zi’s case, this matter was not over.


 Shang Ya Zi was a young master of Shang clan, but was schemed by two young outsiders, this was not respecting Shang clan, and him Shang Yan Fei!


 "Hmph, Shang Ya Zi is after all my second son, is my son someone you guys can just toy with?"


 Although Fang and Bai had once saved Shang Xin Ci, family was still family, in Shang Yan Fei’s heart, his bloodline was closer.


 Thus, he willed.


 A bright red paper crane Gu flew out.


 "Scheming against my son, as his father, I will have to take revenge for him! This is the punishment for you two, but it is also a test." Shang Yan Fei muttered.


 The paper crane Gu’s speed was extremely fast, entering a secret room.


 "The clan leader has sent a letter!"


 "Clan leader wants us to forcefully challenge Fang Zheng and Bai Ning Bing?"


 In the secret room, there were two people.


 One was tall as a tower, the other was thin like a matchstick, both of them looked at this letter and each other wordlessly.


 It was the rank four Gu Masters Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu!


 Weren’t they at odds?


 If outsiders saw them sitting peacefully together, discussing matters, their jaws might drop.


 Both of them were rank four initial stage, dominating the battle stage as they competed against each other. They both swore that they will not leave the battle stage unless they defeat the other.


 But the truth is, they were Shang Yan Fei’s secret pawn pieces.


 Shang clan had rules, any Gu Master who dominates the battle stage, and reach Wei Yang’s level, would be promoted to an external clan elder in Shang clan.


 Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were Shang Yan Fei’s way of controlling the battle stage!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Expecting our righteous Fang Yuan to collude with you and lie to the clan.



***
Chapter 312: Rank Three Peak Stage once again


***





 Chapter 312: Rank Three Peak Stage once again


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Nan Qiu garden, secret room.


 The room was covered with darkness, the only source of light was a thin ray of starlight that was flowing like water towards the center of the room.


 At the center, Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing were sitting cross-legged on mats. Bai Ning Bing’s palms were placed on Fang Yuan’s back; she was transferring rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence to Fang Yuan.


 It was completely silent in the secret room.


 However, in Fang Yuan’s heart, waves continued to surge.


 Rumble!


 A snow silver waterfall - chilly and majestic - came crashing down into Fang Yuan’s primeval sea from his aperture.


 It was the rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence that had gone through bone flesh unity Gu.


 Rank three Gu Master’s primeval essence was silver. Initial stage primeval essence only had a thin layer of silver color, thus was called light silver primeval essence. Middle stage had varying amounts of silver color; some a lot and some little, thus was called blossom silver primeval essence.


 Upper stage primeval essence was shining silver thus was called bright silver primeval essence.


 Peak stage primeval essence was snow white silver, a magnificent sight, and was called snow silver primeval essence.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was using snow silver primeval essence as the primary force and blossom silver primeval essence as supplementary; under his control, they formed surging waves and continually cleansed the aperture walls.


 The aperture that was originally a water membrane, with light flowing as water, was shaking. After the cleansing process went for a while, the quantitative change accumulated to become a qualitative change; light poured out of the water membrane and just like water freezing into ice, it no longer moved, settling down to form stone membrane.


 The stone membrane was radiant and glorious, and was even thicker and more stable than the water membrane.


 With the formation of stone membrane, Fang Yuan advanced from rank three middle stage to rank three upper stage.


 Building a stable foundation, success will come naturally.


 Since the cultivation was finished, Bai Ning Bing slowly withdrew her hands, her blue pupils fluctuating with emotions.


 With her help, Fang Yuan’s cultivation had advanced rapidly and was finally catching up with her step-by-step.


 She knew Fang Yuan still had a white silver relic Gu on him. He had not used it and was saving it for this moment.


 That is to say, after tonight, Fang Yuan’s cultivation would advance to rank three peak stage, at the same level as her.


 "This guy is a cunning fox and is extremely treacherous. Although I haven’t found any flaws in the poison vow, that doesn’t mean there are no flaws within the poison vow." Bai Ning Bing was silent but her thoughts kept on moving rapidly.


 Shang Ya Zi’s downfall was a grim reminder.


 The mental pressure Fang Yuan was giving her was becoming bigger and bigger, and now she was starting to have some doubts.


 "Don’t worry, I am sincere in cooperating with you. There are no problems with the poison vow." As if he knew what Bai Ning Bing was thinking, Fang Yuan suddenly opened his mouth.


 "Hmph." Having her thoughts exposed, Bai Ning Bing’s eyes revealed a trace of chill and said with cold irony, "I hope so."


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh, he had already expected Bai Ning Bing’s reaction when he planned against Shang Ya Zi.


 Everything had its merits and demerits.


 Now, Shang Ya Zi was removed from his position, leaving a young master’s seat vacant and gave an opportunity for Shang Xin Ci to advance. However, this created a crack in Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing’s collaboration.


 At the same time, it also forced Shang Yan Fei to make his move.


 Just yesterday, Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu had issued forced challenge towards Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing at the same time.


 Once the news spread, it immediately caused a huge commotion in the battle stage and attracted countless people’s attention.


 Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were both rank four initial stage Gu Masters and were also called ’half the sky of the battle stage’. With two ’half skies’ cooperating, they became the entire sky.


 These nicknames gave a clear description of their status and strength.


 Fang and Bai were the two rising stars of the battle stage. They were dazzling, winning all their matches without a single loss. Such strength was rarely seen in the battle stage even in the past.


 Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were the two heroes of battle stage, standing proudly at the summit. These few years, there were many Gu Masters who wanted to stand out and become an external elder of the Shang clan, but they were stopped by these two and lost their hopes of advancing.


 But now, these two jointly challenged Fang and Bai, naturally making everyone curious and also doubtful.


 Someone said Fang and Bai were advancing too strongly, causing the seniors Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu to feel uneasy and thus they were going to eliminate this problem early. Another said, Ju and Yan made a bet, and were using Fang and Bai to determine victory or defeat.


 Almost no one thought Fang and Bai had the chance of winning against these two.


 The formidable strength of Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu was already deeply engraved in people’s hearts. Even more importantly; one side was rank four Gu Masters, while the other side was rank three Gu Masters. There was a huge difference between their levels.


 As Gu Master advance to higher ranks, the difference between each realm gets bigger and fighting across ranks become extremely difficult.


 ....


 From behind, there was the sound of Bai Ning Bing standing up.


 "Tomorrow is the match between you and Yan Tu, how are your preparations going, do you need my heavenly essence treasure lotus? According to our vow, I will do my best to help you." Fang Yuan slowly spoke from the darkness.


 "No need." Bai Ning Bing coldly replied.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged, he said without turning around: "You are really confident."


 "So what if he is rank four? In these two years, you are not the only one who improved." Bai Ning Bing turned around and left.


 Heavenly essence treasure lotus was Fang Yuan’s, it would not represent Bai Ning Bing’s true strength.


 She wanted to check her progress using the match with Yan Tu.


 The door to the secret room opened and closed.


 After Bai Ning Bing left, the corner of Fang Yuan’s lips slightly raised into a smile.


 "Rejecting heavenly essence treasure lotus... it seems a trace of self-doubt has grown in her heart. This insecurity is very small, maybe she herself might not be aware of it. Bai Ning Bing, you are still too inexperienced..."


 Fang Yuan muttered before organizing his cluttered thoughts.


 He took out white silver relic Gu.


 This Gu was like a round pearl and was white silver in color, with a size of a finger.


 Since rebirth, Fang Yuan had seen it once on Qing Mao mountain. It was during the Jia clan’s caravan, the white silver relic Gu was priced at fifty thousand primeval stones, it was an unattainable dream for Fang Yuan at that time.


 The series of Relic Gu were extremely expensive. After all, with one use, they could raise a Gu Master’s cultivation by a small realm, saving a lot of time and energy. At the same time, they provided a stable foundation and did not have any side-effects.


 Gu worms were bought to be used.


 Fang Yuan did not have any hesitation in activating white silver relic Gu; immediately, dazzling and magnificent lights shone upon the aperture walls.


 About four hours later, Fang Yuan had leaped from rank three upper stage to rank three peak stage.


 "Since rebirth, I have once again reached rank three peak stage!" Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brilliantly and he could not help but clench his fists, his heart surged with emotions and joy.


 It was different from the time on Qing Mao mountain, Fang Yuan had used stone aperture Gu at that time and paid a disastrous price of losing his future prospects to advance to rank three peak stage.


 This time, Fang Yuan advanced to rank three peak stage while retaining his enormous potential for development. After all, he has A grade aptitude now.


 Looking at the Spring Autumn Cicada.


 After recuperating for over two years, its condition was recovering at a rapid speed.


 Its withered body was gradually becoming glossy. The wings that were dried up like dead leaves, now had a layer of green that was full of life energy.


 Its recovery naturally caused great pressure on Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 However, compared to the previous time, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was rising rapidly because of Bai Ning Bing and bone flesh unity Gu, his rank three peak stage aperture was still enough to bear this pressure.


 The situation had been truly pressing back at Qing Mao mountain, but now Fang Yuan was handling this with ease.


 "But I cannot relax yet. Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery gets faster and faster. My cultivation speeds needs to surpass it, otherwise the same situation will happen again."


 Time quietly passed and soon it was the next day.


 The audiences were all waiting for the battle between Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu.


 There were green grass all over this super-size battle stage.


 This was a grass terrain and was very commonly seen at Northern Plains.


 A crowd of spectating Gu Masters had formed a circle around the battle stage, all of their gazes landing on the two protagonists on the battle stage.


 The match had not started but the people were already commenting.


 "Everything is against Bai Ning Bing this time!"


 "Facing Lord Yan Tu, she is certain to lose."


 "She is as beautiful as a fairy, it really makes people sympathize with her. Just thinking about her suffering a defeat breaks my heart into pieces..."


 In the course of over a year, Bai Ning Bing had earned an impressive reputation, receiving strong publicity. Her appearance and temperament that was like a snow fairy got her a huge amount of attention.


 On the stage, Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu stood opposite each other.


 Yan Tu was an old man and had a head full of unkempt and long hair.


 He was thin like a stick and his legs were bare. Whether it was his fingernails or toenails, they had not been cut for a long time and were long and crooked.


 He was wearing rags and had a hunched back, like an old beggar on the roadside.


 "Hehehe, little girl you have such smooth skin, you are really beautiful." Yan Tu sized up Bai Ning Bing and said with a hoarse voice.


 Wearing a white robe, the blue pupils and silver hair Bai Ning Bing immediately frowned, killing intent filling her heart: "Old geezer, stop your shamelessness."


 "Little girl, you have no manners." Yan Tu laughed dryly, his ten fingers rubbing each other: "It seems I have to teach you how important it is to respect your seniors."


 "Pointless banter." Bai Ning Bing had a cool expression, her gaze cold as ice as she stared at Yan Tu, her every movement containing vigorous fighting spirit.


 Ding.


 The sound of the bell signalled the start of the match.


 Icicle Gu!


 Fire pellet Gu!


 Almost at the same time, Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu made their moves.


 Four white icicles and three balls of fire pellets shot towards one another.


 Bang.


 An icicle and a fire pellet collided in midair; the icicle melted, but the fire pellet still flew towards Bai Ning Bing, just that its power had greatly fallen.


 Bai Ning Bing’s icicle Gu was only rank two, while Yan Tu’s fire pellet Gu was rank three.


 Naturally, fire pellet was a notch above the icicle.


 "I can only suppress the fire pellet if I use ice explosion Gu to detonate the icicles. However, my primeval essence will be greatly expended if I do that. This battle had just started..."


 Bai Ning Bing’s blue pupils flashed with an eerie light.


 She jumped agilely and dodged the fire pellets, causing them to miss their target.


 At the same time, she waved her hand.


 Whooshh.


 Three icicles flew towards Yan Tu.


 Yan Tu gave a dry laugh, he took a step forward and twisted his body, dodging the icicles with a weird body posture as he began running at the same time.


 His index finger repeatedly pointed and balls of fire pellets formed into a dense attack as they engulfed Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted; not to be outdone, she also repeatedly stomped and struck back with icicles.


 For a moment, the two kept on contesting against each other while running around the big grassland. Icicles and fire pellets flew, the two dodged and attacked without stopping.


 The match had just begun but its intensity had already surpassed everyone’s expectations.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Snow fairy vs old dry twig, guess who wins?



***
Chapter 313: Bai Ning Bing vs Yan Tu


***





 Chapter 313: Bai Ning Bing vs Yan Tu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Time slowly passed, the spectators were gradually moved by the match.


 "To think Bai Ning Bing is actually so strong, being able to fight so evenly against Lord Yan Tu."


 "She is using rank two icicle Gu against Yan Tu, but isn’t at a disadvantage."


 "Being able to use Gu worms to attack properly while moving is basic in Gu Master battles, but Bai Ning Bing is executing it perfectly."


 "No doubt, Bai Ning Bing is a genius and her foundation is also extremely sturdy. No wonder, she has not been defeated till now."


 Fang Yuan was among the crowd and was watching the match calmly.


 Wei Yang and Shang Xin Ci had also come, and were standing beside him.


 The three were in disguise, hiding among the crowd.


 "Bai Ning Bing is fighting very forcefully. Even though she is using icicle Gu, once the numbers of icicles go up, her primeval essence consumption will also go up." Wei Yang was worried.


 "There is a difference between the primeval essence of rank three and rank four. But Yan Tu is similarly using fire pellet Gu and his primeval essence is also continuously depleting. He might be rank four but he only has B grade aptitude. Bai Ning Bing is using the primeval essence recovery speed of her A grade aptitude to contend Yan Tu’s rank four cultivation." Fang Yuan understood Bai Ning Bing’s battle tactic with one glance.


 "If that is so, then this will be an uphill battle for Bai Ning Bing." Shang Xin Ci exclaimed.


 Now, she was also a Gu Master. With Shang Yan Fei’s careful teachings, her vision was expanded and she could see through a lot of things.


 As the three conversed, the situation on the battle stage suddenly took a turn.


 "Little girl, you really like jumping around." Yan Tu’s lips curled into a smile that did not resemble a smile. He suddenly raised his right hand and grabbed towards Bai Ning Bing from dozens of steps away.


 As his right hand made a clawing motion, the imprint of a Gu worm on his palm flashed.


 Whoosh!


 There was the sound of flames blazing and in a blink of an eye, a giant fiery claw formed and flew towards Bai Ning Bing.


 The giant claw only had three fingers, looking like an eagle’s claw, except it was orange-red. Flames were scorching and even before the claw reached her, Bai Ning Bing could already feel the intense heat.


 This was a rank three fiery claw Gu!


 Bai Ning Bing immediately used her movement Gu to increase her speed and pull apart some distance between them.


 She had already inquired about the information on Yan Tu and made preparations. She knew this fiery claw’s attack range was smaller than fire pellets; it could only move several meters away from Yan Tu.


 However, Yan Tu cackled and used his movement Gu as well, quickly closing in on Bai Ning Bing.


 His movement Gu was rank four and had superior effects compared to Bai Ning Bing’s. Thus, not only was Bai Ning Bing not able to widen their distance, Yan Tu was getting closer instead.


 The fiery claw continuously descended on her and made grabbing motions.


 It was difficult for Bai Ning Bing to evade the fiery claw as it was quick and stable under Yan Tu’s skilled manipulation.


 Bai Ning Bing’s situation was becoming more miserable as she repeatedly rolled on the grassland.


 Boom.


 The fiery claw brushed past Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder and fell on the grassland, immediately setting that part of the grassland on fire. The flames blazed furiously and started spreading.


 Yan Tu willed it and the fiery claw once again rose from within the flames, it was just that it looked less threatening than when it had just been summoned.


 However, with a slight decrease in Yan Tu’s primeval sea level, the fiery claw instantly regained its splendor, wiping away all sluggishness.


 Frost arrow Gu!


 Bai Ning Bing regained her footing and stretched out her little finger; frost arrow Gu was residing in it and had formed a blue tattoo.


 A ball of icy blue vapor condensed.


 In a blink of an eye, the frost vapor formed into an arrow.


 The arrow struck the fiery claw and suppressed its imposing flames.


 Frost arrow Gu was a rank four Gu bought by Bai Ning Bing during the auction. It immediately established its dominance once used.


 The fiery claw looked like it was about to be extinguished; Yan Tu slightly furrowed his brows, then without considering the expenditure, he poured in primeval essence and the fiery claw showed signs of recovering.


 However, how could Bai Ning Bing let him do as he wanted?


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh


 She activated icicle Gu and at the same time, secretly activated ice explosion Gu.


 Bang , the icicles exploded as they struck the fiery claw. The violent explosion completely extinguished the fiery claw.


 Fiery claw Gu flew back, Yan Tu did not want to lose it so he immediately took several steps and used his hand to catch the fiery claw Gu as it turned back into an imprint.


 Bai Ning Bing did not miss this chance; she formed two long ice blades, dual wielding them as she slashed towards Yan Tu.


 Before the blades reached his body, Yan Tu felt the intense killing intent blowing at his face like an icy wind.


 "That’s a good blade!" Yan Tu gave a weird smile and then suddenly snorted, two fiery snakes flew out of his nose.


 The fiery snakes were initially only the size of a necklace but rapidly expanded, and in the blink of an eye, changed into two large pythons that were several meters long and had the width of a bucket.


 A fiery snake moved ahead in front of Bai Ning Bing and blocked Bai Ning Bing’s two blades; while the other fiery snake wriggled around from the side to the back of Bai Ning Bing and started its attacks.


 "They appeared, Lord Yan Tu’s twin snake attack!"


 "Sigh, I was defeated by this move."


 "Yan Tu’s control over the two snakes is really exquisite; the opponent is left unable to defend against both, they are really difficult to deal with."


 The blazing snakes caused an uproar in the audience.


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression was solemn, the fighting intent in her blue pupils gathered into ice. The fiery snakes gave her a tremendous pressure, but this instead stimulated her fighting spirit even further.


 Bai Ning Bing wielded her two blades and fought the two fiery snakes while Yan Tu stood outside the range of the battle and manipulated the snakes.


 Yan Tu was able to use his mind to do three tasks at once; although he was only controlling two fiery snakes now, the movement was exquisite and the control was precise, this instead caused him to expend more of his mental energy.


 Fiery snake Gu was a rank four Gu and under the pincer attack from two rank four Gu, Bai Ning Bing was slowly falling into a disadvantage.


 She was finding it more and more difficult to defend against the attacks, after all her movement Gu and defensive Gu were not outstanding.


 Bai Ning Bing was an offense type Gu Master and her Gu set placed attack as the main priority, while movement and defense were on the weaker side.


 There was nothing she could do about this.


 Gu Master’s primeval essence had a limit and was not infinite. Thus, one needed to allocate the use of their primeval essence properly. Bai Ning Bing proportioned most of her primeval essence into the attack aspect while the primeval essence left for movement and defense were relatively lower.


 Because of this, the movement Gu and defensive Gu she assembled were the Gu which consumed less primeval essence.


 The Gu worms that consumed less primeval essence were naturally slightly less effective. After all, you get what you pay for.


 "These two fiery snakes are restricting Bai Ning Bing’s options. Just look, if the fiery snakes gets damaged from Bai Ning Bing’s attacks, Yan Tu will just expend his primeval essence and heal them. It won’t be good if this continues." Wei Yang stood beside the stage, his brows furrowed.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed, he didn’t speak but was looking forward to Bai Ning Bing’s response.


 Bai Ning Bing suddenly burst out with attacks.


 She used frost breath Gu and frost arrow Gu one after another.


 The continuous frost aura slowed and restrained the fiery snakes’ offense.


 However, this barrage of attacks sharply increased her primeval essence expenditure.


 "Little girl, stop struggling." Yan Tu laughed and shot out balls of fire pellets.


 Some of these fire pellets shot towards Bai Ning Bing, forcing her to dodge and waste her energy. The other pellets shot towards the fiery snakes and fused into them, causing the weakened fiery snakes to become even more vigorous.


 This was the combination battle tactic of fire pellet Gu and fiery snake Gu.


 Yan Tu had refined and perfected this tactic after having gone through hundreds of battles at the battle stage.


 Compared to him, although Bai Ning Bing had the talent, was smart and had high comprehension, the time she had spent was too short and did not have as much accumulated experience as Yan Tu.


 Bai Ning Bing wanted to make explosive attacks and defeat the two fiery snakes, but this was seen through by Yan Tu and he immediately struck back, twarting Bai Ning Bing’s attempt and displaying his shrewdness as well as his experience.


 "How is she going to deal with this?" Wei Yang’s brows were tightly knitted.


 "The situation is not looking good..." Shang Xin Ci also slowly analyzed the match.


 Bai Ning Bing’s dark blue pupils flashed with a decisive light.


 Ice crystal Gu!


 She used her vital Gu, her true trump card!


 She had not intended to use it this early, but she could do nothing about it; since the match started, besides the deadlock at the start, Yan Tu was gradually gaining the initiative and suppressing her.


 Bai Ning Bing was an attack type Gu Master, if she wanted to take back the initiative, she had to increase her offense even more!


 Creak...


 Bai Ning Bing’s whole body emitted creaking sounds like water freezing into ice.


 In a blink of an eye, she changed into a humanoid ice crystal. Her body slightly expanded and her silver hair was covered with frost, becoming rigid. Ice crystals spread towards the two ice blades, making them sharper, colder and even more firm.


 "Oh, little girl, you’re going all out now?" Yan Tu spoke but soon his smile froze on his face.


 Bai Ning Bing’s whole body turned into ice crystals and had no more hesitation as her attack and defense had integrated into one. She directly charged through the fiery snakes’ attacks, heading towards Yan Tu.


 To shoot a horseman, first shoot his horse. To catch bandits, first catch their ringleader.


 Yan Tu immediately mobilized another fiery snake and blocked Bai Ning Bing.


 Frost breath Gu.


 Bai Ning Bing breathed out blue frost.


 In her ice form, the frost aura that she breathed out was of a higher level.


 The fiery snake immediately shrunk from this frost breath aura.


 Bai Ning Bing continued to charge towards Yan Tu: "Old man Yan Tu, come fight with me if you have guts!"


 Yan Tu turned grave, he did not specialize in close combat. Bai Ning Bing’s might was awe-inspiring, he would definitely be in trouble if he fought with her in close combat.


 He might be at rank four and walked the powerful fire path, but Yan Tu’s fighting style was hit-and-run and because of his shrewd nature, he was not incited by Bai Ning Bing’s remarks and started retreating with his movement Gu.


 Bai Ning Bing’s heart sank.


 Her body had turned into that of ice crystals, so her movement Gu was less effective than before.


 She would have to slow down Yan Tu if she wanted to catch up to him.


 Thereupon, Bai Ning Bing repeatedly shot out frost arrows; the cold, frosty aura of the frost arrows had the effect of freezing muscles and blood, thus slowing down the target’s movement.


 However, Yan Tu easily dodged with his superb technique; none of the frost arrows landed on him.


 The frost arrows could not hit Yan Tu, causing the distance between Bai Ning Bing and him to become larger.


 Yan Tu laughed coldly, he felt no embarrassment while being chased by a junior.


 He made the best judgement.


 Ice crystal Gu could not be used frequently; if it was used for longer periods of time, it could cause the user to completely change into ice crystal and become an ice sculpture.


 Thus, Bai Ning Bing used vitality Gu at the same time as ice crystal Gu, to maintain her life force.


 However, even vitality Gu could only prolong the time the ice crystal Gu could be used.


 Yan Tu knew this clearly. Bai Ning Bing had investigated him, he had also investigated Bai Ning Bing. As long as he prolonged this match, victory would be his for certain.


 Although such a method did not display even a little of the dominance of fire path Gu Masters, this was no doubt the most optimal tactic.


 Bai Ning Bing stopped.


 "I am not able to strike this old guy, only that move can change the situation now."


 Her eyes flashed with a trace of hesitation.


 "Should I use this move or not?"


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 The move called cliffhanger.



***
Chapter 314: Victory and Loss (Double chapter)


***





 Chapter 314: Victory and Loss (Double chapter)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bai Ning Bing hesitated for only a second before her blue eyes shone with decisive light.


 "Ice blade storm, reappear once more." Bai Ning Bing sighed softly.


 She raised her arms, sharp ice blades acting as an extension of her arms.


 Her ice crystal form gave a grim domineering aura. Vitality Gu gave out a warm current and flowed through her heart, liver and other organs, maintaining a part of her life force and preventing Bai Ning Bing from completely turning into ice crystal.


 Vitality Gu had another advantage, that is once activated, it turned into a warm current filled with vitality and moved by itself. There was no need consciously control it.


 Swirl Gu!


 Tornado Gu!


 Bai Ning Bing successively used these two Gu.


 Swirl Gu was a movement Gu that increased the Gu Master’s turning speed. Now that it was activated, Bai Ning Bing’s whole body started rotating rapidly.


 And the activation of tornado Gu immediately created a whirlwind. The whirlwind covered Bai Ning Bing and in a few seconds, enlarged into a tornado.


 The dark blue tornado was like a young blue dragon rising into the air.


 Ice edge Gu, ice crystal Gu, swirl Gu and tornado Gu; Bai Ning Bing was using her mind to do four tasks at once.


 No, it was still not over.


 Frost breath Gu!


 Bai Ning Bing exhaled and frost aura instantly pervaded her surroundings.


 With her mortal flesh body, she could only activate frost breath Gu in intervals to prevent her mouth and tongue from freezing. However, after turning into ice crystal, she could continuously breathe out the frost breath.


 The frost aura mixed into the tornado, changing it into an icy tornado.


 The wind blew everywhere, grass was sent flying, a light blue icy frost formed on the grassland.


 At this moment, Bai Ning Bing was doing five tasks at once!


 This was the talent of the ten extreme physique that could look down upon the world. On this aspect, Bai Ning Bing had already surpassed Fang Yuan.


 The killer move appeared again, ice blade storm!


 Cold wind rose, and the temperature in the surroundings drastically fell. The sharp ice blades gave the tornado even more power.


 The two fiery snakes ignorantly charged towards the tornado and suffered severe injuries. The snake heads as well as most of their bodies were cut down by the icy storm.


 The fiery snakes hurriedly retreated.


 Flames merged into them, as the snake heads and their bodies reformed again. But their bodies were not even half the size of before.


 The icy storm was increasing in power, large amounts of frost spread over the grassland.


 The parts of the grassland that were burning were already showing signs of extinguishing because of the frost.


 Yan Tu’s eyes shrunk at this sight and he recalled the fiery snakes back into his nose.


 "What move is this?"


 "I have never seen Bai Ning Bing use this move."


 "Killer move, this is absolutely a killer move!"


 The audiences were thrown into a commotion as they started discussing loudly.


 Even Wei Yang showed an amazed look: "Such an extremely powerful killer move. How many Gu did Bai Ning Bing use for this attack?"


 Shang Xin Ci’s gaze were nervous and expectant: "This move is so strong, she might be able to win against Yan Tu."


 Fang Yuan was silent as he concentrated on the match.


 He had already seen Bai Ning Bing use ice blade storm before, but the power of the ice blade storm now had jumped to a whole new level.


 Bai Ning Bing’s growth was astonishing.


 She had exceptional aptitude and talent, combined with her Gu set, she was a unique Gu Master.


 Looking at it now, she had not discarded her meticulously designed killer move, ice blade storm, but instead improved it.


 "You still had such a trump card left..." Yan Tu was no longer calm, the moment the ice blade storm appeared, he lost a bit of his confidence.


 His heart started to palpitate rapidly. He was actually getting such a feeling from a junior, a rank three Gu Master!


 Bai Ning Bing’s strength surpassed Yan Tu’s expectations and caused him to feel an intense threat.


 Killer move.


 Often formed by using several Gu worms at once, through meticulous pairing, an extremely strong move is born.


 A killer move was not something all Gu Masters possessed. Only those with plentiful experiences or great talent could develop their killer moves.


 Killers moves often consumed a lot of primeval essence and was very taxing on the mind, but their might were no doubt formidable beyond imagination.


 "This is not good, this move is getting stronger, I have to suppress it early. If I let it grow and accumulate momentum, it will truly be unstoppable." Yan Tu was a veteran with great experience and soon saw a weakness.


 If it were other Gu Masters, most of them would be scared witless and choose to watch the change quietly. However, Yan Tu was extremely shrewd and saw through this killer move’s weakness.


 "It will be difficult to restrain her with ordinary moves, I will just be wasting primeval essence. Since it is so... I shall use my killer move against her killer move!" Yan Tu resolved himself.


 Fuel oil Gu!


 He opened his mouth wide and spurted out large amounts of fuel oil.


 The amber colored fuel oil gave a pungent odor. Yan Tu used all his strength in activating the fuel oil Gu, not daring to have the slightest of reservation.


 The fuel oil poured out like a small waterfall onto the grassland and became waves. The fuel oil waves submerged the whole battlefield within seconds.


 Ice blade storm was getting bigger and bigger, the cold aura spreading further; the fuel oil’s momentum immediately slowed down as it approached the storm, as large amounts of oil was sent flying.


 Ice blade storm had explosive power but the the coldness was not enough to freeze the fuel oil.


 At once, fuel oil rained down on the whole battlefield.


 Besides the vicinity of the ice blade storm, a thick layer of fuel oil covered all the other areas of the grassland, almost forming a swamp.


 Fiery snake Gu.


 Yan Tu snorted and the earlier two fiery snakes appeared again.


 Twenty percent of yellow gold primeval essence was spent to let the fiery snakes get back to their peak size and power once more.


 The fiery snakes landed on the ground and immediately created blazing flames.


 The red flames quickly spread, as the whole battle stage instantly changed into a sea of fire.


 The flames blazed intensely on the grassland, the green grass wilted and turned into ashes which then further fuelled the growth of the blazing fire.


 Only one place remained safe from the fire in the super-size battle stage, and was instead frozen in ice.


 That was where Bai Ning Bing’s ice blade storm was at.


 She and Yan Tu had changed the grassy terrain into one of ice and fire, the clash of two extremes.


 The two fire snakes moved in the sea of fire with joy, circling the rotating ice blade storm and were not in a hurry to attack.


 Bai Ning Bing’s ice blade storm was also continuously enlarging and accumulating in power, the top of the tornado had already changed into a dome shaped form due to the constant movement..


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 The icy tornado created violent sounds and gave a majestic aura; causing the audience to smack their lips in anticipation.


 "I’m not done yet, fiery claw Gu!" Yan Tu suddenly shouted.


 He had four fiery claws Gu on him, and right now he sent them all out.


 His primeval essence took a severe hit, the primeval sea in his aperture rapidly fluctuated as the brilliant golden sea level fell sharply.


 The four fiercy claw Gu did not charge towards the ice blade storm, instead they flew towards the fiery snakes and merged.


 In an instant, the two fiery snakes grew a pair of claws.


 Snakes with claws were no longer snakes but dragons!


 The two fiery dragons flew with their heads high in the sea of fire, brandishing their claws and revealing a defiant aggressiveness.


 "Lord Yan Tu has combined fiery snake Gu and fiery claw Gu to display a portion of the might of the rank five fiery dragon Gu."


 "To think that in this match, we would get to see Lord Yan Tu’s killer move — fire sea twin dragon kill."


 "Bai Ning Bing is just a newbie, she can be proud of herself, being able to force Yan Tu into using his killer move!"


 The audiences were all excited at this scene.


 Both sides brought out their killer moves, the battle had suddenly reached the climax.


 Killer move vs killer move!


 Would the winner be Yan Tu’s fire sea twin dragon kill with its huge and majestic power? Or would it be Bai Ning Bing’s world engulfing ice blade storm that will beat ’half the sky of the battle stage’?


 Everyone fixed their gaze on the battle stage, waiting in anticipation.


 The fiery dragons raised their heads and let out a soundless hiss before pouncing forward from two sides.


 The fiery dragons struck the icy storm, tearing at it with their fiery claws. Their entire body coiled around the icy storm.


 The white and blue ice storm was like a huge pillar, standing straight against the attacks.


 The sharp ice blades clashed against the fiery claws and continuously slashed the fiery dragons’ bodies.


 After some time, the two fiery dragons could no longer endure it and retreated.


 They submerged into the sea of fire and absorbed the flames, immediately recovering their power.


 The grassland was burning, this overflowing inferno provided enough replenishment for the fiery dragons!


 Yan Tu had fully used this grassland.


 The two fiery dragons attacked again and again, and were defeated each time.


 After the defeat, they would attack again relentlessly.


 "Fire sea twin dragon kill can’t push down Bai Ning Bing?"


 "Is the sky collapsing? If this goes on, Bai Ning Bing has hope of winning against Yan Tu!"


 The audience were amazed again and again.


 "No, ice blade storm has been restrained. The wind flow has been forcefully cut and can’t accumulate more power. Bai Ning Bing should start moving and start kiting her opponent!" Wei Yang’s expression was grave, his specialty in battle was kiting.


 Fang Yuan’s brows slightly furrowed, an obscure light flashed in his eyes.


 He could tell something was wrong.


 With Bai Ning Bing’s wisdom, she definitely knew that she could not resist it head on and should fight while moving. However, she did not do that.


 "It seems, this killer move is still imperfect..." Fang Yuan inwardly speculated.


 Right now, Bai Ning Bing was powerless to dictate her movement!


 This was the first time she’s used the revised ice blade storm in battle, she had planned it well but now she discovered a serious problem.


 The ice blade storm lacked a forward momentum, it could only rotate on the spot. This was truly an unspeakable embarrassment.


 "I changed into ice crystal form and continuously used frost breath, now the tornado has become too dense and there is no way I can move forward!"


 Bai Ning Bing used all her effort to activate her movement Gu to change this situation.


 However, she was already doing five tasks at once and this was her limit, her mind was already stretched to its limit and did not have any spare energy left.


 Fortunately, Yan Tu had still not discovered this.


 He took the initiative to attack to block Bai Ning Bing from accumulating more power, but this instead helped her to cover this fault.


 "There is only one method left now, to continue walking down this desperate path. Continue to expand the ice blade storm, maybe the wind flow will become strong enough to move it."


 Bai Ning Bing’s fighting spirit had not disappeared, this predicament instead bolstered it.


 However, whether it was her or Yan Tu, both of their primeval essence were sharply decreasing.


 The audience had also fallen into silence.


 The majestic ice blade storm and the terrifying orange sea of fire divided the battle stage into completely different terrains.


 The barrier around the battle stage isolated most of the power, but wind still blew out.


 This wind was sometimes hot and sometimes cold, giving the audience a personal experience of the intensity of the battle.


 The sea of fire blazed, the two orange fiery dragons shook the ice blade storm. They were defeated again and again, but charged forward each time, advancing without losing their spirits.


 "This is the strength of Lord Yan Tu, the power of a rank four Gu Master." Someone sighed.


 "Being able to fight Lord Yan Tu to this extent, Bai Ning Bing can be said to be the third strongest in the battle stage." Someone commented with a visible shock on his face.


 In the battle stage, Yan Tu and Ju Kai Bei had fought dozens of battles, but a clear winner had not been determined. They were the strongest two in the battle stage.


 Through this battle, Bai Ning Bing’s battle strength was also recognized by the people and was regarded as third strongest.


 Time passed by minutes and seconds, the ice blade storm gradually slowed down, as the wind flow decreased.


 Meanwhile, the blazing inferno was also mostly extinguished.


 The fuel oil was expended and the green grass had all turned into ashes.


 However, the fiery dragons were mighty as before; they not only had the replenishment from the sea of fire, but also the support of Yan Tu’s yellow gold primeval essence.


 Bai Ning Bing’s primeval essence gradually became insufficient in supporting her expenditure, at this stage, the gap between the cultivation levels was clearly shown.


 If she had the heavenly essence treasure lotus, she could still have the strength to fight on. Unfortunately, she refused Fang Yuan’s good intent.


 "It is over." Yan Tu laughed and with a shift of his mind, the two fiery dragons suddenly merged into one, forming an even larger fiery dragon.


 This change made many people involuntarily gasp in surprise.


 This move was Yan Tu’s secret move and had never been revealed, but now he no longer cared about secrecy in order to pierce Bai Ning Bing’s ice blade storm.


 The fiery dragon opened its mouth, the four fiery claws waved together and ruthlessly clawed at the ice blade storm.


 But suddenly, the storm exploded.


 Bai Ning Bing furiously activated frost breath Gu and froze all of the fiery claws!


 Ice blade storm suddenly inflated and engulfed most of the fiery dragon’s body like a monster!


 "What?!" Yan Tu turned pale with fright, he suddenly realized that the weakening earlier was only Bai Ning Bing’s pretense.


 He immediately willed the fiery dragon to retreat.


 The fiery dragon suffered serious injuries, its might had diminished; it lost two fiery claws and its size also decreased to less than half.


 The audiences immediately rose in uproar at this.


 "Is Bai Ning Bing going to win?"


 "They had been fighting intensely for so long but she actually has energy left?"


 Yan Tu’s expression was grave, Bai Ning Bing’s sudden attack inflicted a disastrous damage to him.


 In an instant, he had lost a fiery snake Gu and two fiery claw Gu.


 The ice blade storm suddenly dispersed completely.


 Bai Ning Bing revoked the ice crystal Gu and returned to her original mortal body. She had used up her primeval essence, her aperture was completely dry.


 "I admit defeat." She coldly announced.


 There was a temporary silence, but the whole battle stage erupted in an uproar next.


 Bai Ning Bing was admitting defeat?


 The audience had not expected this.


 "She should have exhausted all her primeval essence when she used that final explosion to inflict heavy losses to Yan Tu." Fang Yuan realized.


 Even if I cannot win, I will make you feel worse.


 Bai Ning Bing’s choice was sensible and she did it decisively and ruthlessly.


 After realizing this, Yan Tu was furious but a formless force pressed down from above and suppressed him.


 He could not move.


 This was the ability of the battle stage.


 The hosting Gu Master walked into the battle stage that had changed beyond recognition and announced the result.


 According to the rules, the winner has the right to demand the loser to hand over a Gu.


 "I want your ice crystal Gu." Yan Tu said with hatred.


 "Take it." Bai Ning Bing coldly snorted and handed over the ice crystal Gu.


 The two completed the transfer on the spot.


 Ice crystal Gu was Bai Ning Bing’s vital Gu, the moment she lost it, blood flowed out from her seven orifices.


 Yan Tu’s expression was still unsightly, he had chosen ice crystal Gu to teach Bai Ning Bing a lesson. But even so, his losses were much greater, a rank three ice crystal Gu could not cover his losses.


 After this battle, Bai Ning Bing might have lost but it established her fame.


 One could say, she had gone down in flying colors.


 Shang Xin Ci let out a breath of turbid air and calmed down her mind.


 "It is a pity, if Bai Ning Bing had listened to my advice and chose frost demon Gu at that time, the situation would have been much better." Wei Yang lamented.


 Ice crystal Gu was suitable for men while frost demon Gu was suitable for women.


 "Bai Ning Bing lost ice crystal Gu, maybe this is a chance for her to choose frost demon Gu." Wei Yang said with an expectant tone.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 (Where’s my power-up mid battle?!) PS: Chibi’s going out later, don’t wait for the (3rd) chapter :)



***
Chapter 315: Hard Qi Gu


***





 Chapter 315: Hard Qi Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Did you see that battle? It was really splendid!"


 "Bai Ning Bing suffered her first defeat and Yan Tu’s victory was also not easy."


 "My heart ached when I spent twenty primeval stones to watch the battle, but after the match, I feel that it was truly worth it."


 Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu’s battle was like a boulder falling into the lake, the ripples spreading all over Shang clan city.


 In every street, people were discussing the match.


 " Old ginger is hotter than young ginger , Lord Yan Tu won in the end."


 "But Bai Ning Bing lost gloriously. Fighting to that level, it shows that her future is limitless."


 "It is so unfortunately that I couldn’t see that match."


 "Bai Ning Bing might have lost her vital Gu and suffered a backlash, but ice crystal Gu is easy find, this will not have too big of an influence on her."


 "I am now really looking forward to the match between Fang Zheng and Ju Kai Bei."


 "Right, that is sure to be a battle between dragon and tiger!"


 The match between Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei was scheduled seven days later. And because of Bai Ning Bing’s outstanding performance, their match received countless attention.


 Bai Ning Bing, however, went missing.


 After that match, she did not return to Nan Qiu garden.


 "Did something happen to her?" Shang Xin Ci was worried.


 "Don’t worry, I understand her. She has a very prideful nature, after suffering such a defeat, she needs some time alone." Fang Yuan comforted Shang Xin Ci.


 Bai Ning Bing might have a female body but her heart was that of a man.


 All men were like lions and wolves; when they received injuries, they would look for a secluded place and silently lick their wounds.


 Women were different; when they felt wronged, they would want to pour out their grievances. They thirst for protection and comfort.


 Shang Xin Ci nodded, her beautiful and gentle eyes looked at Fang Yuan with concern: "Is it possible to not fight? That Ju Kai Bei is as famous as Yan Tu. Big Sister Bai Yun lost and had to give up her ice crystal Gu. Ju Kai Bei is a strength path Gu Master, if Big Brother Hei Tu loses all-out effort Gu..."


 Bai Ning Bing lost ice crystal Gu but it could be replenished. However, if Fang Yuan lost all-out effort Gu, he had no way to get another.


 Fang Yuan smiled: "Precisely because of that, I cannot lose. Alright, I will be secluded cultivation for a few days to refine a Gu. You should go back first."


 Fang Yuan had already made inquiries on Ju Kai Bei’s strength. After the match of Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu, he was able to make even more conjectures.


 Ju Kai Bei was a rank four initial stage Gu Master and was equally matched with Yan Tu. Fang Yuan estimated he only had thirty percent chance of winning against Ju Kai Bei with his current strength.


 Thirty percent chance of victory did not look high. But in actuality, if you consider the gap between the two large realms, thirty percent was rather outstanding already.


 "If I am successful in refining that Gu, I will have sixty percent chance with its help! I can only hope that the refinement succeeds."


 Fang Yuan entered the secret room and began refining.


 ...


 First inner city.


 In a study room, bright and gentle lights were on.


 Shang Yan Fei quietly looked at a ball of colorful smoke floating in the air. The colorful smoke churned and unfolded the scene of the match between Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu.


 Shang Yan Fei watched this battle from start to finish and then put away the colorful smoke.


 Bai Ning Bing had lost.


 She lost her vital Gu and also suffered from backlash.


 According the intel from Feng Yu Manor, Bai Ning Bing was recuperating at Doctor Su Shou’s place.


 With this, she had received the punishment and a lesson for scheming against his second son.


 Shang Yan Fei closed his eyes and leaned against the back of the chair.


 Bai Ning Bing lost, she did not pass the test, but her innate gifts and talent were already recognized by the public. Given some time, she was certain to surpass Yan Tu and have great accomplishment.


 This was a true genius.


 Shang Yan Fei cherished and was fond of talented people.


 Seeing Bai Ning Bing’s performance, he had an even greater desire to recruit her for Shang Xin Ci.


 "Next, it is Fang Zheng’s turn. I wonder what surprise he will give me. Hmm, I heard he might have a heavenly essence treasure lotus..."


 Heavenly essence treasure lotus, there were two of these in Shang clan city’s living treasure door. There was also a heavenly essence treasure monarch lotus as well.


 However, they would have to pay an even greater price to take out these treasure lotuses.


 Living treasure door guarded the treasures and even Shang Yan Fei, the clan leader, had to comply with the rules set by his ancestors.


 "Fang Zheng is a strength path Gu Master, heavenly essence treasure lotus will not be able to show its true worth in his hands. It is better for Xin Ci to have it."


 Shang Yan Fei pondered for a while while sitting upright. After thinking through, he sent out a paper crane secret letter.


 The paper crane followed the dark path and flew inside a secret room.


 Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu soon felt a reaction and gathered in the secret room.


 "Master has sent a secret letter again!" Yan Tu unfolded the secret letter and after glancing at it, he gave it to Ju Kai Bei, "It is for you."


 Ju Kai Bei skimmed through the secret letter and muttered: "Master thinks Fang Yuan might have a heavenly essence treasure lotus. If I win this battle, he wants me to try and request for this grass Gu. Furthermore, even if he doesn’t have it, I am not allowed to choose all-out effort Gu."


 Ju Kai Bei’s brows furrowed after he read this.


 He had planned to demand Fang Yuan’s all-out effort Gu. This legendary Gu was extremely attractive to a strength path Gu Master like him.


 Unfortunately, Shang Yan Fei sent such a command.


 "Master loves talents and wants to protect that Fang Zheng’s growth." Yan Tu analyzed.


 He raised his head and looked at Ju Kai Bei’s frown, and mediated: "Brother Ju, take note of your mental state. We are the hidden elders of Shang clan and must follow clan leader’s commands. Times are different from when we freely roamed the world and did whatever we wanted."


 Ju Kai Bei nodded his head solemnly and said with remembrance: "Those were memorable times. Walking in the world alone, free and unrestrained."


 "Could it be Brother Ju is thinking of becoming a demonic Gu Master again?" Yan Tu’s tone was solemn.


 Ju Kai Bei scoffed: "Brother Yan Tu, do you still not know me? It was just a casual remark. Demonic Gu Masters might be free and unrestrained, but the pressure and risks are huge. Their corpse might be found in the wild one day and there wouldn’t even be people to retrieve the corpse."


 Yan Tu’s expression relaxed at this.


 Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu were once solitary demonic Gu Masters.


 They had even made a name for themselves while roaming around southern border and had endured for ten years. However, they were becoming tired as the time passed; demonic Gu Masters lived extremely free lives, but there was a huge pressure on them, they would have to keep on worrying about the food for their Gu, primeval stones, their own safety and other things.


 The two were slowly fed up with such a life, but they did not have the courage to change their ways.


 Until one day, when these two encountered each other in the wild.


 There was an extreme lack of trust between demonic Gu Masters. The moment these two noticed the other, they immediately attacked to ensure they held the initiative.


 Who would have imagined these two were evenly matched and fought from day to night. They used their intelligence, traps, and every kind of trick they knew with all their strength.


 When dawn arrived, the two did not have strength to continue their battle; their primeval essence were fully expended and their bodies were covered with wounds. They were both within each other’s reach, but they did not have strength to make the final strike and kill the other.


 When the morning light shone on their faces, these two both made an identical decision.


 "I am tired of this life. Sigh, if I can survive this battle, I will go to Shang clan city and join the righteous path." Yan Tu softly mumbled.


 "I am so sick of it, after this battle, I will go to Shang clan city and fight for that external elder’s position!" Ju Kai Bei fiercely cursed.


 They did not know why, but the two spoke at the same time.


 After they finished speaking, the two looked at each other.


 After a moment of silence, the two laughed heartily at the same time.


 This was fate, it was like heaven’s will. On this day, two veteran demonic Gu Masters with not the least bit of trust, gained a best friend for life.


 As if they wanted to completely discard their past, they began changing and chose to trust each other.


 This trust was a trust without any reservations. The two went from one extremity to another extreme.


 "Returning to the topic, Brother Yan Tu, you suffered great losses this time, you ended up in a pathetic state." Ju Kai Bei mocked while winking.


 No outsider would imagine he could make such an expression. Normally, Ju Kai Bei was solemn as iron and was very meticulous. But in reality, this was only a mask he had worn when he was walking the demonic path.


 Only in front of Yan Tu, his best friend, did he display his true nature.


 Yan Tu coldly snorted, he sighed as his brows relaxed: "This Bai Ning Bing is not simple, one day she will surpass us. I only won by a small margin, if she was rank four, the battle could go either way."


 Ju Kai Bei nodded: "I disguised myself to watch your match. It is indeed the rise of a younger generation."


 Yan Tu patted Ju Kai Bei’s shoulder: "That Fang Zheng is as famous as Bai Ning Bing. They came to Shang clan city together and also lives together, their relation is definitely not normal. They are called the twin stars of the battle stage and some people even call them the black and white demons. Bai Ning Bing already has such strength, Fang Zheng definitely won’t be any weaker. Brother Ju, your strongest moment is also your weakest, you need to be careful."


 Ju Kai Bei proudly smiled: "Brother, guess what this is."


 He took out a Gu from his aperture.


 This Gu was like a beetle, it was black as iron and was fist sized.


 "Eh, hard qi Gu!" Yan Tu was astonished before joy filled his face, "This is great, Brother Ju. Your defense falls when you use your killer move. This Gu will make up for your weakness. This Gu is precious and rare, you need to raise it carefully."


 Ju Kai Bei nodded and put back the hard qi Gu, he then let out a sigh: "It is such a pity that it is only a hard qi Gu and not strength qi Gu. If it was strength qi Gu, my battle strength would undergo a qualitative transformation and surge by two or three times..."


 Yan Tu laughed loudly: "This is just your greed, like a snake trying to swallow an elephant! The ancient qi path has already disappeared, strength qi Gu is extinct. It is your great luck that you could obtain a hard qi Gu, don’t be greedy."


 Ju Kai Bei also laughed: "Yeah, but endless greed is also human nature, hahaha..."


 Ancient qi path had appeared earlier than strength path.


 Qi path Gu worms could alternate between form and formless, their ability were extremely wondrous. In ancient times, when qi path flourished, eight out of ten Gu Masters would walk the qi path.


 However, flowers bloom and wilt, powers rise and fall; this is the natural law and qi path was not exempted from it.


 After its peak, qi path gradually declined and was replaced by strength path.


 Bai Ning Bing’s vitality Gu, Ju Kai Bei’s hard qi Gu and Fang Yuan’s atmosphere Gu were all related to qi path.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 In traditional Chinese culture, qi is believed to be a vital force forming part of any living entity. Qi translates as "air" and figuratively as "material energy", "life force", or "energy flow". ---Wikipedia. Explains why vitality and atmosphere are part of this path.



***
Chapter 316: Absolute Victory, Demonic Heart


***





 Chapter 316: Absolute Victory, Demonic Heart


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Seven days passed, and the battle stage held the largest battle seen in a long time.


 Ju Kai Bei forcefully challenged Fang Yuan, the former was an experienced senior expert, his fame deeply entrenched in the city. The latter was a rising star in the last two years, shining like the night sky, a young expert of the newer generation.


 Other than the excitement of this battle, right before this, Bai Ning Bing and Yan Tu had a battle, it perfectly led up to this climax.


 After seven days of circulation, the entire Shang clan city was hyping over this match.


 Thus, at the battle stage today, it was packed with people.


 The battle stage had also purposely promoted this battle, making it turn into a grand event. The person in charge of the battle stage Shang Chi Wen gained a huge boost to her business revenue and was extremely happy the last few days.


 Before the battle started, people already started chatting among themselves.


 "Will the more experienced expert Ju Kai Bei win, or will Fang Zheng overcome the odds?" Some people were discussing this, the fight between a veteran and rising star was a popular topic to explore.


 "The two of them are strength path Gu Masters, this is the resurrection battle of the strength path!" Many strength path Gu Masters were proud, having strong anticipation towards this battle. In their eyes, this had great meaning for them.


 "No matter what, Fang Zheng has to fight with all his strength. Otherwise, his all-out effort Gu will be taken by Ju Kai Bei."


 "Fang Zheng is only rank three middle stage, although he is very adept at fighting, his cultivation is even lower than Bai Ning Bing, not to mention in contrast to Ju Kai Bei." After tens of battles, Fang Yuan’s strength could not be concealed anymore, most people did not think he could win, because the difference in cultivation was too great.


 "Fang Zheng is here!" Someone shouted.


 Fang Yuan walked slowly, entering the battle stage with a peaceful look.


 This was a super-size battle stage, black stone forest terrain.


 Fang Zheng stood at the center of the stage, folding his arms and taking a look at his surroundings.


 The black stone pillars, thick and tough, were placed all over the forest terrain.


 Outside, people were crowding and completely surrounded the stage. This was the most people Fang Yuan had seen at one battle in his two years of battling.


 Fang Yuan knew clearly, Shang Xin Ci and Wei Yang were among the crowd, even Bai Ning Bing was here, but disguised. He even heard Shang Xin Ci say that some Shang clan young masters were here.


 This reminded him of his first battle.


 Back then, there was barely any spectators, Fang Yuan was still a nobody.


 But now, he was already famous, had become someone who gathered attention.


 "This is the final battle." Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 Three kings inheritance was starting, considering the time taken to travel, there was no time left.


 After winning this, he still had to assist Shang Xin Ci and make her a young master. It was crucial for his future plans.


 The day Shang Xin Ci becomes a young master would be the day Fang Yuan leaves Shang clan city.


 Regarding Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu’s secret identity, others did not know it but Fang Yuan knew clearly.


 As long as one dominates the battle stage, they will become Shang clan external elder.


 Fang Yuan had never thought of dominating the battle stage. The identity of Shang clan external elder, it might be the dream of many people.


 The sparrow makes a nest in the house, only an eagle can build their nest beside a cliff.


 Not just the external clan elder of Shang clan, Fang Yuan does not have any interest even in the Shang clan leader position.


 All these roles, although glorious, were chains of fame and wealth.


 Pitiful.


 Among those that live in the mortal realm, who knows how many people these chains have binded.


 Ju Kai Bei arrived on the stage too.


 A tower-like body, a steel like expression. He had a large body frame and even denser muscles, it gave people a strong oppressing feeling.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life’s memories, at the great righteous demonic battle of Yi Tian mountain, Ju Kai Bei had a great performance too. He killed many established demonic Gu Masters, and was one of the capable generals of Shang Yan Fei.


 In him, the aura of rank four flowed. Before the battle even began, he already exerted mental pressure on Fang Yuan.


 In terms of cultivation, Fang Yuan was at a disadvantage. He was rank three peak stage, but used the breath concealment Gu, thus on the surface, he was rank three middle stage.


 But even if he has lower cultivation, so what?


 Hehehe.


 Fang Yuan squinted, his eyes glowing with brilliance. A few days ago, he had successfully refined that Gu, and his chances of winning rose to sixty percent. Even though his opponent was strong, Fang Yuan was confident of winning.


 This was not overconfidence nor pride, and certainly not arrogance, but an attitude.


 Demonic heart!


 Cannot lose, cannot fall, must win, must win at all cost!


 Even with less than ten percent chance of winning, even without any chance of winning, he had to have an attitude of absolute victory.


 For a demonic Gu Master, once they fail, it leads to disaster. Thus, he has to succeed, winning every time, there is no ’if’, there is no ’what if’.


 His five hundred years of experience allowed Fang Yuan to develop such a mindset.


 Winner takes all, stepping on others’ corpses and climb higher, rising to the apex! Only I can let the world down, whatever justice and integrity, fame, fortune and beauty, hatred and kindness, they will not be an obstacle but merely tools to use.


 This was where Fang Yuan differed from Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing had a heart to pursue victory, but Fang Yuan had a heart of absolute victory!


 Nothing can stop me, not even demise will subdue my demonic heart.


 Ju Kai Bei walked towards Fang Yuan, standing still and maintaining silent.


 He did not like to talk.


 Similarly, Fang Yuan hated trash talking.


 The two look at each other, ignoring the outside noises, one with a firm iron gaze, while the other had dark abyss-like pupils.


 Ding!


 As the bell rang, the battle began.


 All-out effort Gu!


 In an instant, light burst from Fang Yuan’s eyes, and he injected his primeval essence, causing a horse phantom to appear behind him.


 The horse raised its head as it charged.


 With the strength of a horse in him, Fang Yuan activated the vertical crash Gu.


 Swoosh!


 He charged towards Ju Kai Bei, his speed as fast as a galloping horse!


 But when he got to Ju Kai Bei, the horse phantom vanished, and turned into a boar phantom.


 The boar had scarlet red eyes, as its tusks stabbed forwards, giving off a fierce aura.


 Horse strength made charging faster, while boar strength made the impact of hitting stronger, Fang Yuan was already able to swap his beast phantoms at will now.


 Seeing Fang Yuan coming at him, Ju Kai Bei opened his mouth emotionlessly.


 His mouth was full of clean white teeth, at this moment, two fangs grew quickly, coming out of his mouth as two elephant tusks appeared.


 The tusks bent inwards, its sharp and curved tip stabbing into Ju Kai Bei’s chest.


 But there was no blood at his wound, instead, a pure white armor formed at the area of contact.


 Like a milky layer of ice, the armor quickly formed on his upper body.


 Fang Yuan came over imposingly.


 "Good timing." Ju Kai Bei did not dodge but instead took a step forward, bending his waist a little and taking Fang Yuan’s charge head-on.


 Bam.


 A loud crashing sound, and the two’s shoulders collided.


 Fang Yuan took five steps back, while Ju Kai Bei was sent flying.


 This caused many to scream out in shock.


 "How can this be? Ju Kai Bei is not Fang Zheng’s match?"


 "The all-out effort Gu is really too powerful."


 "Weird, why does Fang Zheng have rank three peak stage cultivation?!"


 Once Fang Yuan attacked, the breath concealment Gu’s effect was overwritten, and his rank three peak stage aura was exposed, as many people noticed quickly.


 Ju Kai Bei showed a little surprise in his eyes, but it quickly vanished.


 He got up from the ground, not having taken much damage. Only his shoulder armor was cracked and broken.


 But quickly, these cracks vanished.


 The armor continued to extend, after a while, his arm and waist was covered.


 This was the ivory armor Gu’s effect that Ju Kai Bei had been using.


 Ivory armor Gu, a rank four Gu with strong defense. But the weakness was, it needed some time to grow, and had no malleability. After the battle ends, the Gu Master has to break it themself.


 Fang Yuan moved his shoulder, feeling a little ache.


 Earlier, he did not use the golden shield Gu, just the combination of bronze skin, iron bones and steel tendons, made his defense extraordinary.


 Strength affects both oneself and foe, there were great requirements in terms of defense for a strength Gu Master.


 The attack earlier was just a small test.


 "This Ju Kai Bei has great physical strength, since my rebirth, he is the strongest opponent I’ve faced. He is an enemy with great physical strength and defense." Fang Yuan’s gaze was dark and eerie as he pounced again.


 Bam bam bam.


 The two exchanged blows, landing their punches every time, as Ju Kai Bei was at a disadvantage.


 Fang Yuan naturally did not give him any opportunity to continue growing, as the ivory armor broke many times from Fang Yuan’s iron fist, unable to reach its complete form.


 But Ju Kai Bei’s strength was getting stronger, he was suppressed initially, but started being tied with Fang Yuan.


 That was not surprising, Fang Yuan knew from Ju Kai Bei’s information that he had a rank four habitual strength Gu.


 The all-out effort Gu was extinct long ago, thus to replace it, current strength path Gu Masters created the habitual strength Gu.


 The lower rank of the habitual strength Gu is the rank three store strength Gu.


 The store strength Gu can store energy, and release it slowly attack after attack. But it needed time to do so, and during that period, the Gu Master cannot move at all, thus it is not commonly used.


 But at rank four, after the store strength Gu refines into the habitual strength Gu, this weakness is eliminated.


 The habitual strength Gu after activation, would cause Ju Kai Bei’s strength to accumulate over time. At the same time, he is allowed to move freely.


 Bam!


 Fang Yuan’s fists landed on Ju Kai Bei’s chest, while Ju Kai Bei’s palm chopped on Fang Yuan’s shoulder.


 Both of them took six steps back, this time it was a draw.


 But Fang Yuan’s fist was numb. In contrast, Ju Kai Bei’s chest was covered by the ivory armor, and there was only some cracks on it.


 As time passed, Ju Kai Bei continued to move about, and the ivory armor became thicker, causing Ju Kai Bei’s skin to become monstrously thick.


 Ju Kai Bei’s strength was starting to show.


 Not only does he have rank four yellow gold primeval essence, he also had rank four Gu worms.


 Just the ivory armor could compete with Fang Yuan’s steel tendons, iron bones, and bronze skin combination.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Strength path Gu Masters HATE HIM! Refining that Gu doubled his winning chance! A revolutionary discovery! Click here to find out more!



***
Chapter 317: Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei (1)


***





 Chapter 317: Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei (1)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hook, palm strike, elbow jab, kick...


 Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei fought head-on, exchanging moves after moves.


 Punches and kicks collided, producing intense tremors.


 The two moved while striking each other, any stone or tree they struck would collapse with a loud sound.


 "Fang Zheng is falling into a disadvantage." Gradually, the spectators understood the situation.


 "To deal with Ju Kai Bei, one needs to take him down as soon as possible and not give him any time." Someone sighed.


 Ju Kai Bei had habitual strength Gu; his strength grew the longer it stayed active.


 "Easy for you to say, who can knock him down at the start? He has rank four cultivation, the ivory armor Gu and plentiful battle experience. Being able to fight him to this extent, Fang Zheng could be said to be pretty good."


 Bai Ning Bing watched the match quietly from within the crowd.


 She had experienced the pressure Fang Yuan was on right now. Only those who had personally fought against rank four Gu Masters would know the huge gap between rank three and rank four.


 "Brother Hei Tu..." Shang Xin Ci clenched her fists tightly, her beautiful eyes followed Fang Yuan.


 Wei Yang’s brows gradually furrowed.


 Howl!


 Suddenly, the roar of a wild beast burst out.


 A dragon-elephant phantom suddenly rose up behind Ju Kai Bei; showing a tremendous might.


 Dragon-elephant refers to a huge elephant who possesses dragon’s blood. Its physique was larger than a mammoth, it was a humongous beast. If lions and tigers came across it, they would detour around it and not dare to attack.


 There was a great possibility of obtaining dragon-elephant huge strength Gu by killing this type of ferocious beast.


 Dragon-elephant huge strength Gu was a rank four Gu; while the galloping horse strength Gu, green bull labor Gu and other Gu used by Fang Yuan were only rank three.


 Since Ju Kai Bei became rank four Gu Master, he had used three dragon-elephant huge strength Gu and created three beast phantoms for himself.


 Right now, he was punching with the strength of a dragon-elephant!


 Fang Yuan’s pupils rapidly shrunk. At this moment of crisis, he quickly put up his two arms.


 All-out effort Gu — Stone turtle strength!


 A huge turtle phantom appeared behind him.


 BOOM!


 Ju Kai Bei’s bowl-size fist ruthlessly struck Fang Yuan’s arms.


 A huge force emerged from the collision; Ju Kai Bei only took a step back while Fang Yuan was sent flying.


 Stone turtle phantom collapsed with a loud bang; while dragon-elephant phantom flew higher into the sky.


 Stone turtle strength was clearly not dragon-elephant strength’s match.


 Fang Yuan was sent flying for almost thirty steps and crashed through two stone pillars before finally stopping.


 Fang Yuan got back to his stance again and shook his aching and numb arms. He might look pitiful but was not the least bit harmed. The combination of iron bone, steel tendons and bronze skin gave him a very strong defense.


 "Ju Kai Bei punched with the strength of a dragon-elephant!" Outside the stage, many spectators cried out in surprise.


 "He has been using habitual strength Gu since the start and now his strength has become exceedingly high. This is still only the strength of a dragon-elephant, senior Ju Kai Bei has a total of three dragon-elephant phantoms in him. I once saw him strike with the strength of three dragon-elephants, he instantly crushed his opponent’s skull!"


 "Fang Zheng can’t hold back Ju Kai Bei. Ju Kai Bei striking with dragon-elephant strength is a prelude to his dominance of this match."


 Fang Yuan was expressionless as he charged towards Ju Kai Bei once again.


 The two exchanged moves again.


 Snow silver primeval essence continually poured into all-out effort Gu.


 Boar, brown bear, crocodile, green bull, horse, stone turtle, white elephant and black python; eight beast phantoms flashed by one after another.


 After the stone turtle strength Gu, Fang Yuan had used white elephant primeval strength Gu and black python coiling strength Gu to gain white elephant phantom and black python phantom.


 Eight beast phantoms were Fang Yuan’s body’s limit. Thus after using black python coiling strength Gu, he no longer used other strength Gu.


 On the stage, Fang Yuan unleashed a flurry of attacks, his punches broke through the wind and were extremely violent.


 Such terrifying offensive power birthed fear in the spectators.


 Ju Kai Bei had just burst out the strength of a dragon-phantom and his strength was now back to before, habitual strength Gu started to accumulate power once again. Seizing the opportunity, Fang Yuan started going all out, immediately taking back the initiative.


 His eight beast phantoms flashed continuously in the air, while the dragon-elephant phantoms appeared only occasionally.


 However, every time dragon-elephant phantom appeared, it would send Fang Yuan flying.


 As time passed, Fang Yuan’s injuries accumulated; bronze skin could not resist Ju Kai Bei’s enormous strength and was lacerated.


 Ju Kai Bei’s whole body was covered with a layer of ivory armor, so although there were many scars and cracks on it, he stood straight from the start, like an iron tower standing tall on the earth.


 After some time.


 There was a chance!


 Ju Kai Bei made a very tiny mistake which might only appear once in a blue moon.


 Fang Yuan grabbed this transient opportunity and suddenly moved to Ju Kai Bei’s back and smacked.


 Brown bear phantom.


 If this enormous and heavy force struck, Ju Kai Bei would definitely be spurt out large amounts of blood.


 Ju Kai Bei had no time to stop it so he could turn around and sweep his arms.


 Howl!


 Suddenly, there was the trumpet of an elephant; dragon-elephant phantom appeared and completely suppressed the brown bear phantom.


 Fang Yuan was instead sent flying. This was the eighth time.


 The frequency of dragon-elephant phantom’s appearance became more frequent. When it did not appear, Fang Yuan held a slight initiative. But once it appeared, none of Fang Yuan’s phantoms were its match.


 Fang Yuan’s beast phantoms were all ordinary wild beasts, but dragon-elephant had a trace of dragon bloodline in it and was considered a mutated beast!


 After one hour since the match started....


 Howl! Howl!


 Two dragon-elephant phantoms appeared at the same time behind Ju Kai Bei.


 His two fists ruthless struck Fang Yuan’s chest and sent the latter flying far away.


 Fang Yuan spurted out a mouthful of blood in the air and his vision shook.


 Thump thump thump thump thump...


 He smashed through five stone pillars before falling down on the ground; dust rose and covered his figure.


 "So miserable!" Many Gu Masters’ eyes twitched at this scene. Fang Yuan’s current state was too appaling.


 "Rank three beast phantom are not the rank four dragon-elephant phantom’s match."


 "Fang Zheng might have all-out effort Gu, but he can only use one beast phantom at a time. On the contrary, Ju Kai Bei’s habitual strength Gu is much better."


 "How could this be? All-out effort Gu is a legendary Gu but is actually inferior to the ordinary habitual strength Gu?" Someone shouted in surprise.


 Soon, someone explained: "This is not the problem of all-out effort Gu, but rather the problem lies in Fang Zheng. Fang Zheng has the strength of eight beasts in him; they are like a huge water jar but the outlet is only a small bamboo pipe. All-out effort Gu can let this small bamboo pipe discharge water in top speed; while habitual strength Gu is like a bucket that needs to draw water from the water jar. All-out effort Gu allows the continuous flow of a thin stream, while habitual strength Gu accumulates before erupting."


 "Brother Hei Tu..." Shang Xin Ci’s heart jumped and she felt suffocated as she saw Fang Yuan’s figure covered with dust.


 However, soon, the spectators saw a black figure slowly standing up from within the smoke.


 "Three ribs have fractured, and there seems to be internal bleeding. Such a powerful attack...."


 Intense pain attacked Fang Yuan, but the corner of his lips instead rose into a smile.


 He had a steel willpower, what was this little bit of pain? What was this little bit of injuries?


 His battle intent rose with the pain like burning fire! His blood boiled like boiling water!


 "This type of battle is the most satisfying! It is only interesting when defeating such a strong enemy! Hehehe... hahaha!" Fang Yuan stood from within the dust with his head high and started laughing without restraint.


 "What is Fang Zheng saying? He seems to be laughing?"


 "Was his brain damaged by Ju Kai Bei?"


 Because of the barrier around the stage, the spectators could not hear clearly.


 Ju Kai Bei, who had an indifferent look since the start of the battle, had a change in his expression for the first time after he heard Fang Yuan’s crazed laughter!


 "This kid..." His expression turned grim as he got a familiar as well as strange feeling from that laughter.


 With a little bit of thinking, he immediately realized.


 This was the aura of the demonic path!


 A killing intent as sharp as a knife, a crazed will to destroy the world, an arrogance that looked down on the world, a ruthlessness that trampled on all living things...


 This laughter seemed to have made Ju Kai Bei return to the past.


 That painful and unbearable past.


 He had to engage in slaughter almost every day as if walking alone in an endless darkness, with no one to talk to, an endless loneliness repressed into fear, the life of the demonic path that was worse than death...


 You must keep going forward and you must keep on winning. It was like walking on a steel rope between cliffs, your nerves stretched to the limits and you had no moment to relax. With just one loss, you could fall into the abyss, consigned to eternal damnation.


 Ju Kai Bei was fed up with such a life so he threw in his lot with Shang clan and became a hidden elder. These years, he felt like he was a person who had climbed ashore after struggling and almost drowning in the sea of bitterness.


 He was already standing on the shore, but Fang Yuan’s laughter was like a tide making him look back at the sea of bitterness.


 This laughter evoked a trace of fear in Ju Kai Bei!


 I cannot go back to my past...


 I don’t want to think about the past...


 I have turned over a new leaf, I have already begun a new life, I am already a member of the righteous path!


 Righteous could not coexist with demonic!


 Ju Kai Bei’s face shook to reveal a sinister expression, he felt an extreme hatred towards Fang Yuan from the depths of his heart.


 Dragon travel tiger steps Gu!


 Ju Kai Bei took the initiative to attack, he took large strides like a tiger or dragon and charged into the dust.


 His every step was accompanied by the dragon’s cry and tiger’s roar.


 This was the rank four dragon travel tiger steps Gu and it allowed Ju Kai Bei to move rapidly. It was also similar to charging crash Gu and used the charging and crashing force to bring out Ju Kai Bei’s stored strength.


 Ju Kai Bei charged fiercely into the dust, straight towards Fang Yuan.


 Howl!


 Dragon-elephant phantom appeared again.


 It was only one phantom and not two phantoms.


 However, this was enough to suppress Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not avoid it and took it head-on; stone turtle phantom soared behind him.


 The two fiercely collided.


 The collision created a fierce wind wave, blowing away the dust.


 Ju Kai Bei had a flabbergasted look as he retreated five steps; while Fang Yuan did not budge even a bit.


 There were only bewilderment outside the stage.


 "What in the world is going on?" This scene was beyond almost everyone’s expectations.


 It was the same stone turtle strength against dragon-elephant strength, but why was the result completely different?


 Ju Kai Bei gritted his teeth as he pounced forward again.


 Bang!


 A loud sound. He was sent flying by Fang Yuan like a sandbag before crashing onto the ground.


 He got up with difficulty and stared deadly at the space above Fang Yuan.


 In the air, brown bear phantom and boar phantom slowly disappeared.


 "Using two beast phantom at once!"


 "How is this possible?"


 "This goes against common sense!"


 There were cries of surprise and alarm from the spectators.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei lasts 4 chapters. I’ll upload 4 chapters today.



***
Chapter 318: Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei (2)


***





 Chapter 318: Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei (2)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Two beast phantoms... my eyes did not deceive me, right?" Yan Tu’s eyes were wide open.


 "What Gu is he using to bring out two beast phantoms at the same time?" Ju Kai Bei’s expression turned grave as he looked fixed at Fang Yuan. His pupils suddenly shrunk: "Come!"


 Vertical crash Gu!


 Fang Yuan’s expression was emotionless and his eyes as dyed in a deep miasma. He charged towards Ju Kai Bei.


 At the same time, a horse and boar phantom appeared above his head.


 Boar strength increased the force of his charge while horse strength increased his speed instantaneously, making his charging speed even quicker.


 With the empowerment of two strengths, Fang Yuan seemed to have turned into a fierce boar charging with the speed of a raging horse; his figure quickly enlarged in Ju Kai Bei’s eyes.


 Dragon travel tiger steps Gu!


 Facing Fang Yuan’s powerful attack, Ju Kai Bei jumped along with the cry of a dragon and the roar of a tiger.


 This time, he dodged of his own accord and brushed past Fang Yuan.


 Vertical crash Gu’s weakness was exposed, it could only charge in a straight line; the opponent could easily determine the direction and dodge, causing the attack to fail.


 "Ju Kai Bei has taken the initiative to dodge!"


 "He had always been attacking head-on and rarely dodged. Since the battle started, this is the first time he has dodged without tanking the hit."


 "Fang Zheng is able to bring out two beast phantoms at the same time while Ju Kai Bei’s habitual strength Gu has to accumulate strength again, dodging is a sensible move."


 "Fang Zheng is still too inexperienced, although he has high quality Gu worms, his battle experience is far inferior to Ju Kai Bei. This attack was a wasted attempt... ugh."


 This spectator were still commenting when there was a sudden change in the stage.


 After Fang Yuan brushed past Ju Kai Bei, he suddenly stopped using all-out effort Gu. The two beast phantoms disappeared, his charging force immediately diminished as he smashed into a black stone pillar.


 As the black stone pillar collapsed, Fang Yuan’s momentum stopped.


 Horizontal charge Gu!


 Fang Yuan turned his body and charged horizontally, his two arms attacking straight. Two large phantoms of brown bear and white elephant suddenly rose up.


 The distance was too close and Ju Kai Bei was caught unprepared; the attack hit him violently and sent his tall body flying!


 The person who had just evaluated Fang Yuan as ’too inexperienced’ was tongue-tied.


 Many spectators’ eyes brightened.


 Fang Yuan’s attack seemed ordinary, but it involved many factors and was an exceptionally brilliant move.


 All-out effort Gu could unleash formidable offensive power when activated, it could also be revoked.


 The constant switch between activation and revoking let Fang Yuan move smoothly with great flexibility.


 At the same time, he used the terrain to stop his momentum.


 Ju Kai Bei was struck by Fang Yuan, not because he was not intelligent but because he was used to habitual strength Gu and his plentiful experiences instead created a blind spot in his thoughts.


 Fang Yuan charged again!


 Ju Kai Bei rose to resist, but Fang Yuan’s two beast phantoms burst out like a crazed lion, the ferocious roar even caused the spectators’ hearts to palpitate.


 Ju Kai Bei became a sandbag, left with no way to retaliate, he held his breath as he defended desperately.


 "Heavens, Fang Zheng is merely rank three peak stage but is actually suppressing Ju Kai Bei!"


 "Such an unimaginable scene is actually happening in front of my eyes."


 "All-out effort Gu is after all a legendary Gu, it is powerful and has marvelous uses, even rank four habitual strength Gu cannot compare to it!


 "Fang Zheng has already perfected the use of all-out effort Gu. He might not have plentiful experience, but his innate battle talent is enough to make up for everything else."


 The spectators were clamoring.


 Bam!


 Dust rose up, Ju Kai Bei’s tower-like body was like a sack as he smashed through several thick black stone pillars.


 Cough!


 He again spurted out a mouthful of blood. He struggled to get up but Fang Yuan was already upon him and did not give him any chance to take a breather.


 He stomped on the ground; horse and green bull beast phantoms appeared at the same time.


 Ju Kai Bei rolled on the ground, dodging the attack in a sorry state.


 Fang Yuan’s right leg stamped on the ground fiercely; a dull sound echoed, soil and stones split and flew, the whole battle stage seemed to be slightly shaking.


 A clear concaved depression appeared immediately below his legs.


 Vertical crash Gu!


 Fang Yuan charged, brown bear and white elephant phantoms simultaneously appeared.


 "Damn it!" This time, Ju Kai Bei did not have enough time to dodge, he could only grit his teeth and raise his huge arms to resist.


 Howl! Howl!


 Behind him, two dragon-elephant phantoms suddenly appeared and rose to the air; Fang Yuan’s brown bear and white elephant phantoms immediately paled in comparison.


 Fang Yuan strongly collided into Ju Kai Bei; Ju Kai Bei was only pushed back a little, while Fang Yuan himself was sent flying away.


 Two beast phantoms could suppress one dragon-elephant strength. However, Fang Yuan would lose against two dragon-elephant strength.


 "Finally, two dragon-elephant strength came out..." Ju Kai Bei let out a breath of turbid air, he was shocked by Fang Yuan’s violent strength. Only when two dragon-elephant strength burst out, did he reclaim his footing.


 Habitual strength Gu might be rank four but it was indeed inferior to all-out effort Gu.


 Ju Kai Bei had to continuously accumulate and increase his strength by activating habitual strength Gu, then summon the beast phantom. However, even he did not know when it would appear. If he attacked, and one dragon-elephant strength appeared, he would have to accumulate strength all over again which caused his battle strength to temporarily fall.


 Ju Kai Bei’s strength was like a water jar and his habitual strength Gu was like a bucket, he needed to draw the water from it every time.


 In contrast, all-out effort Gu was a stream and could be used anytime, able to be unleashed whenever Fang Yuan willed. In fact, if Fang Yuan did not want to use it, he could even turn it off. With such a flexible use, Fang Yuan could advance or retreat, he could use to attack or move away quickly.


 "If I was the one with all-out effort Gu... sigh ! Unfortunately, even if I win, Shang Yan Fei would not allow me to claim it." Ju Kai Bei felt regret.


 He had complete freedom when he was a demonic Gu Master and could do whatever he wanted. By submitting to the righteous path, he gained safety and stability, had enough resources, but he felt his hands and legs bound when doing things.


 "If I choose the all-out effort Gu disregarding his orders, what would happen?"


 This thought was immediately dispelled the moment it appeared.


 If he really did that, it was no doubt offending Shang Yan Fei. Shang Yan Fei was not only a rank five expert, he also controlled Shang clan. If Ju Kai Bei disobeyed him, even if he escaped, his future would never be peaceful.


 "Wait a moment! What am I thinking about, the crucial thing now is to defeat Fang Zheng!" Ju Kai Bei’s gaze concentrated, activating dragon travel tiger steps Gu and attacking Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan spurted a mouthful of blood from the attack, his iron-like arm bones were fractured.


 The intense pain struck him, but Fang Yuan instead grinned and laughed.


 All-out effort Gu!


 Brown bear, white elephant and green bull; three phantoms burst out together!


 Even Ju Kai Bei could not help but stare with wide eyes, revealing a stupefied expression.


 What had just happened to Fang Yuan, happened to himself immediately after.


 Ju Kai Bei had thought of taking the chance to attack quickly and had taken the initiative to attack, but he was instead sent flying. There was a huge hole in the thick and solid ivory armor on his chest. He spurted out a huge amount of blood and smashed through the black stone pillars before collapsing on the ground, as a dust cloud appeared. Ju Kai Bei clenched his teeth as he hurriedly got up.


 "Three beast phantoms!" The spectators were stupefied.


 The scene was extremely clear. Fang Yuan struck with three beast phantoms!


 "How did he do it?" Many spectators looked at each other.


 "He had just attacked with two beast phantoms, but now there’s three..." Many were speechless.


 But even more people already had guesses: "Could it be..."


 Ju Kai Bei stared at Fang Yuan fixedly as he squeezed out a name from his teeth: "Bitter strength Gu!"


 That’s right, it was bitter strength Gu.


 Bitter strength Gu was a rank four Gu and was the perfect companion for strength path Gu Masters; the more injuries the Gu Master suffered, the greater the pain he felt, the more strength they could bring out.


 Naturally, there was a limit to the strength the Gu Master could display and it depended on the Gu Master’s foundation.


 Fang Yuan possessed eight beast strength phantoms, the strength he contained was like a large water vat. All-out effort Gu was like a bamboo pipe that could be opened and closed at will and could continually draw water from the vat.


 Right now, as Fang Yuan suffered injuries and used bitter strength Gu, it was as if many holes appeared on the water vat. All-out effort Gu added in bamboo pipes to all these holes and allowed Fang Yuan to use them as he wished.


 Just with all-out effort Gu, Fang Yuan only had a single bamboo pipe to draw the water and thus could only use one beast phantom. But now, under the effects of his injuries and the bitter strength Gu, it was like adding two new outlets to the water vat.


 Thus, when Fang Yuan used all-out effort Gu now, he could simultaneously use three beast phantoms.


 "To think he has a bitter strength Gu! Didn’t Shang Ya Zi buy this Gu in the auction? Is this bitter strength Gu the one Shang Ya Zi owned?" Yan Tu guessed the answer.


 His eyes narrowed and his expression was unprecedentedly solemn.


 "If the bitter strength in Fang Zheng’s hand is not Shang Ya Zi’s, then he no doubt toyed with Shang Ya Zi in the auction. But if this bitter strength Gu was the one Shang Ya Zi bought, then the situation is terrifying! Shang Ya Zi had been ousted from his young master position not long ago because of false accounting with Fang Zheng. Maybe this bitter strength Gu is the fruit of Fang Zheng’s victory! This kid is not simple. Brother Ju, you have to be careful..."


 Yan Tu could not help but worry about Ju Kai Bei’s situation.


 Ju Kai Bei only felt bitterness in his mouth.


 First, the all-out effort Gu, now the bitter strength Gu... these two Gu were both what he, Ju Kai Bei, yearned for everyday and had bitterly searched for them fruitlessly.


 However, Fang Yuan who was so young was holding both Gu, such luck caused this senior to become green with envy.


 With bitter strength Gu, the heavier the injuries Fang Yuan suffered, the more holes there would be on his water vat and he would also become stronger.


 In another words, every time Ju Kai Bei inflicted damage, he would instead be increasing Fang Yuan’s battle strength.


 It was an unpleasant feeling. His mental endurance also took a hit, not wanting to fight with Fang Yuan anymore. The more Fang Yuan fought, the stronger he got; the heavier the injuries he suffered, the higher his strength. The most important thing was he possessed eight beast phantoms, if they all burst out together, even if Ju Kai Bei’s three dragon-elephant appeared together, it would be useless.


 What lowered Ju Kai Bei’s morale even more was that he knew Fang Yuan possessed a self-reliance Gu.


 Self-reliance Gu’s healing effects was extremely potent towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was being healed while suffering injuries, maintaining his strength at a terrifying level.


 All-out effort Gu, bitter strength Gu and self-reliance Gu; these three formed a tight combination, creating a secure and solid foundation.


 Reaching this step, the Gu set that Fang Yuan planned earlier had already reached initial success, forming the skeleton. Their effects were outstanding and even the rank four Ju Kai Bei was suffering from this combination.


 Fang Yuan had been in Shang clan city for over two years now, already accomplishing something most Gu Masters would not be able to accumulate even after spending most of their lives. Even a veteran like Ju Kai Bei was jealous and green-eyed.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Lesson of the day: What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger(literally).



***
Chapter 319: Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei (3)


***





 Chapter 319: Fang Yuan vs Ju Kai Bei (3)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Even if Fang Zheng has bitter strength Gu, the strength he can release is at most eight beast phantoms. Bitter strength Gu cannot raise his strength limitlessly."


 "Shang clan leader ordered me to not take all-out effort Gu, I can only choose this bitter strength Gu!" Ju Kai Bei’s eyes brightened as he thought of this.


 Whether it was all-out effort Gu or bitter strength Gu, they were both extremely attractive to strength path Gu Masters.


 "I still haven’t lost! I am at rank four initial stage, I am superior in terms of primeval essence, and I also have my killer move."


 Ju Kai Bei possessed plentiful experience and was able to put his disorganized mind in order after pondering for a short period. He was invigorated and his low morale rose up.


 The two began exchanging moves again.


 The battle could not longer be described as intense; desperate was more suitable.


 The two punched and kicked one after another, attacking and defending.


 Ju Kai Bei’s ivory armor was being broken continuously and while repairing itself. From time to time, he would spurt out mouthfuls of blood.


 Fang Yuan was also not much better, he was restraining self-reliance Gu which caused his whole body to be full of injuries and blood seeped out continuously, his bones fractured and endless pain continued to assault his mind like tides.


 The heavier the injuries he suffered, the stronger he got. Not long later, he could bring out five beast phantoms.


 Ju Kai Bei fell into a much more dangerous situation and was almost suppressed to the state where he could not even lift his head.


 This was something he had never experienced at the battle stage.


 Even Yan Tu was only his equal.


 "Junior, you are too arrogant!" Ju Kai Bei furiously swept his arms.


 Three dragon-elephants!


 He suddenly erupted, as the enormous dragon-elephant phantom appeared behind him.


 Fang Yuan was sent flying.


 Three dragon-elephants could suppress five beast phantoms.


 Fang Yuan’s arms were twisted due to the attack, they were completely fractured. His left arm was even folded into a right angle and the fractured bones were exposed with fresh blood flowing down.


 Fang Yuan clenched his teeth and endured the pain as he activated self-reliance Gu.


 Such injuries already affected his combat capability and he had to heal it.


 He first healed his right arm before twisting his left arm back to its proper state, forcefully joining the broken parts as he activated the self-reliance Gu.


 The broken bones began to grow again and join together. Then it was the pieces of flesh and finally the skin.


 During the healing process, Fang Yuan constantly evaded Ju Kai Bei’s attacks using horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu, contending with Ju Kai Bei by doing three tasks at once.


 When he attacked, he attacked fiercely with a domineering might. But when he dodged, it was a completely different style; he was calm and not flustered in the face of danger, like a slippery loach.


 He used the black stone forest terrain to his maximum advantage, so although Ju Kai Bei’s dragon travel tiger steps Gu was faster than Fang Yuan, he could not catch Fang Yuan.


 After the healing was finished, Fang Yuan turned around and started attacking again.


 Time passed by, the battle situation became more desperate. Fang Yuan’s phantoms gradually rose from five to six then seven until there were eight phantoms!


 At the start of the battle, there were spectators who commented and shouted from time to time, but as the match progressed, the audience had gotten silent.


 Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei’s terrifying strength caused their hearts to feel cold and astonished.


 "Too terrifying!"


 "Such power, one can only imagine how flourishing the ancient strength path must have been."


 "If it was me, I would have already turned into meat paste no matter which one I fought among them."


 ...


 The spectators were speechless but even more secretly felt admiration towards the unyielding spirit of Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei. These two were true warriors of steel.


 No one had predicted such a result.


 Fang Yuan was strong and after he brought out eight phantoms, he was suppressing Ju Kai Bei most of the time.


 However, Ju Kai Bei was not weak, his healing Gu was also quite outstanding. The combination of dragon guts Gu, dragon travel tiger steps Gu, and dragon-elephant Gu formed a resonance of Dao marks due to their similar law fragments; this greatly raised the probability of bringing out his dragon-elephant phantom.


 Sweat formed in Shang Xin Ci’s clenched hands.


 Wei Yang’s frown became deeper and was turning into a knot.


 He could see Fang Yuan was getting exhausted.


 Even Fang Yuan’s iron body could not endure unleashing the strength of eight beast phantoms; sweat fell down his body like rain and his muscles were already aching and turning numb.


 There was another even greater danger.


 Being able to simultaneously summon eight phantoms signified his injuries were extremely severe and he was in danger.


 Fang Yuan was walking on a steel wire, if he was struck by Ju Kai Bei’s three dragon-elephant phantoms, he might die from the attack!


 He was risking his life in battle!


 This was a battle of extremes.


 From start till now, it had already been over two hours.


 The match gradually reached the climax, the two had reached their limits; their attacks were clearly starting to slow down.


 However, the match was instead becoming more thrilling and even Bai Ning Bing’s expression was solemn.


 The whole scene was silent, all the spectators were concentrating on the match.


 Ju Kai Bei finally lost his patience.


 He might be able to strike with three dragon-elephant strength, but it all depended on luck and there was no assurance.


 Sometimes, the phantoms came out at the wrong timing and Fang Yuan would easily dodge or resist it.


 "Why has his primeval essence not been exhausted?"


 Even the rank four strength path Gu Master Ju Kai Bei did not have much primeval essence left at this stage.


 However, Fang Yuan, a rank three Gu Master, actually appeared to have abundant primeval essence and was very energetic.


 "Could it be, he really has a heavenly essence treasure lotus?" Ju Kai Bei could not help but recall that secret letter sent by Shang Yan Fei.


 "If Fang Zheng really has it, his luck is simply too heaven defying!" Ju Kai Bei gritted his teeth, the expected superiority in primeval essence did not exist, causing his fighting spirit to dampen.


 But the truth was, Fang Yuan not only had heavenly essence treasure lotus, but also blood skull Gu and four flavor liquor worm. If Ju Kai Bei knew this, his expression would definitely be spectacular.


 "I can’t lose! It seems I can only use my killer move!!" Ju Kai Bei made his decision.


 Dragon travel tiger steps Gu!


 He suddenly retreated and this unusual movement immediately attracted Fang Yuan’s attention.


 However, Fang Yuan could not catch him.


 Dragon travel tiger steps was really fast, far surpassing horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu. Even considering this terrain, it was disadvantageous to pursue him.


 Almost instantly, all the spectators gazed at Ju Kai Bei, many realizing something.


 "This is bad..." Wei Yang’s expression suddenly changed at this scene and he could not help but cry out in surprise.


 "What is it?" Shang Xin Ci immediately looked at him.


 "Ju Kai Bei is about to use his killer move! This match has finally reached the climax." Wei Yang’s voice was deep and sweat seeped out of his forehead.


 He was extremely nervous as he explained hurriedly: "Ju Kai Bei’s killer move has a flaw. If Fang Zheng can grasp this flaw, he could clinch victory! If not, I am afraid Ju Kai Bei will be the winner."


 Wei Yang had just finished speaking, when there was a change in the stage.


 Djinn heart Gu!


 Djinn body Gu!


 Djinn mind Gu!


 Three rank four Gu were simultaneously activated.


 Body, heart, and mind combined; essence, qi, and spirit merged!


 Ju Kai Bei’s physique suddenly enlarged by three times, a white aura appeared around his body as if signifying the descent of a deity. Along with it, his domineering presence increased greatly.


 This was his killer move — Djinn transformation! It increased the Gu Master’s strength by three times and even his mental energy was raised by three times.


 Gu Master consumed their mental energy to control Gu worms. If they overused it, their mind would feel sluggishness.


 But Ju Kai Bei’s mental energy was raised now and he became energetic again.


 At the same time, his strength was increased by three times; three dragon-elephant strength became nine dragon-elephant strength!


 Once the nine dragon-elephant phantoms burst out, the eight beast phantoms would be crushed and Fang Yuan would certainly lose.


 Ju Kai Bei reached his strongest state.


 However, right at this moment, the ivory armor covering his whole body broke due to his size.


 Many defensive Gu could not be stretched with the user and ivory armor was one of them.


 "At this moment, he is completely defenseless. His strongest moment is also his weakest! Quick, grab this single opportunity for victory!" Wei Yang’s eyes widened as he mumbled with clenched fists.


 At another corner of the room, Bai Ning Bing’s eyes also suddenly brightened.


 As if he heard Wei Yang’s suggestion, Fang Yuan adopted a posture of attacking, but suddenly his movement stopped.


 The excited and happy look that had just appeared on Wei Yang’s face froze.


 "Strike!" He could not help but shout, his heart pulsed rapidly. Unfortunately, the barrier around the stage isolated sound; the spectators nearby casted strange glances at him.


 Fang Yuan did not move but calmly observed.


 The broken ivory armor was starting to grow, the new armor covered tightly around Ju Kai Bei’s whole body.


 Fang Yuan’s chance at victory was slipping and becoming indistinct.


 Wei Yang stomped his feet with anxiety but it was no use.


 He raised his head and heaved a long sigh: " Sigh , Fang Zheng lost, he lost his only chance..."


 Fang Yuan did not attack and that was quite a surprise to Ju Kai Bei. He had expected Fang Yuan to attack him, and had already made preparations for that, but Fang Yuan, however, made no such attempt.


 It was a real pity!


 Because, just earlier, he had activated hard qi Gu.


 Hard qi Gu turned into a ball of formless air covering his whole body. At that moment, he looked like he had no defense, but in truth his defense was extremely tight and solid like a boulder.


 He had covered up his greatest weakness with the hard qi Gu.


 If Fang Yuan had attacked, he was certain to meet with Ju Kai Bei’s frontal assault and was likely going to lose.


 However, Fang Yuan did not move.


 Ju Kai Bei had even slowed down the regeneration speed of the ivory armor to entice Fang Yuan, but he did not move and quietly watched like a spectator.


 "Did he detect it? Impossible. Hard qi Gu is formless. I got it just recently and have never used it before."


 "Hmph, since you are not attacking, then let me make the move." Bright rays exploded and flashed in Ju Kai Bei’s eyes.


 Djinn transformation was a killer move created from using three rank four Gu; whether it was his yellow gold primeval essence or mental energy, they were both decreasing rapidly.


 Physical strength and mental energy were both increased by three times. But at the same time, the consumption was also increased by three times.


 Ju Kai Bei’s djinn transformation could not be maintained for long.


 Dragon travel tiger steps!


 Ju Kai Bei charged at Fang Yuan.


 Horizontal charge, vertical crash!


 Fang Yuan retreated and avoided the attack.


 Ju Kai Bei was bewildered.


 Fang Yuan changed his style and suddenly retreated, was it to stall for time?


 Pointless!


 "My body is three times larger now and every step I take is three times as far. With dragon travel tiger steps Gu, my speed is even faster!" Ju Kai Bei scoffed inwardly.


 It was pointless even if Fang Yuan used the black stone forest terrain.


 By now, almost all the black stone pillars were destroyed. Moreover, djinn transformation could completely crush everything in its path; to the current Ju Kai Bei, the terrain was as flat as a pancake!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 The Wei Yang face slapping game is strong here.



***
Chapter 320: Tear through the sky


***





 Chapter 320: Tear through the sky


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Seeing that Fang Yuan about to be caught, Shang Xin Ci’s heart tightened.


 Fang Yuan had severe injuries on him, if he was hit by Ju Kai Bei’s nine dragon-elephant strength, it meant death! Right now, Ju Kai Bei was the oppressing one, if Fang Yuan was caught up in close combat, his situation would be dire.


 But unfortunately, Fang Yuan’s movement speed was inferior to Ju Kai Bei. The only way out was if he had a strong long range attack to restrict Ju Kai Bei.


 "Fang Zheng, you lost." Ju Kai Bei took big strides and approached, he knew Fang Yuan had a blood moon Gu, but such a weak attack could not stop him.


 An ordinary long range attack could not stop him at all. Even in the entire battle stage, only Yan Tu’s Fire Sea Twin Dragon Kill could stop the assault of his Djinn Transformation.


 "Fang Zheng is about to lose!"


 "In the end, Ju Kai Bei is the victor of this battle."


 "Experience is still the deciding factor..."


 The people discussed outside the stage, the situation was extremely clear now.


 "Sigh..." Wei Yang sighed deeply.


 Shang Xin Ci shut her eyes in pain.


 Even Bai Ning Bing’s gaze dimmed.


 "Hehehe." Yan Tu laughed lightly, once Fang Yuan lost, Shang Yan Fei’s mission would be completed!


 Unless, Fang Yuan had a strong long range attack that could stop Ju Kai Bei’s advancement.


 But...


 Strength path Gu Masters are mostly close range fighters, they had little to no long range methods, it was mostly situational techniques. This was a common weakness of strength path Gu Masters these days, a weakness easily exploited.


 Yan Tu and Ju Kai Bei had many intense battles, a portion of their battles relied on Yan Tu using long range attacks to restrict Ju Kai Bei, then winning by an extremely small margin.


 All other situations where Yan Tu failed to restrict Ju Kai Bei resulted in a loss after he got close.


 Close range, long range, it was the crux of battling a strength path Gu Master, in fact, it was the deciding factor in a battle!


 "It’s over." Ju Kai Bei was already extremely close to Fang Yuan, as many people sighed.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a faint smile.


 His dark eerie eyes burst forth with a cold glare, it was time!


 Eight phantoms instantly appeared behind him.


 Next, he activated his Gu worm, and pointed with his finger.


 The snow silver primeval essence in his aperture fell drastically, over forty percent was expended in an instant!


 Some mystical change had occurred, the beast phantoms originally manifested from the Dao marks, had become more solid, turning from hollow to real.


 From a hollow phantom, they became solid phantoms!


 Boar, brown bear, crocodile, green bull, horse, stone turtle, white elephant, black python, with a loud roar, they descended from the sky, charging towards Ju Kai Bei.


 At this moment, everyone was stunned.


 Change had occurred so quickly, Ju Kai Bei could almost see Fang Yuan losing under the might of his fist. Yet at the next moment, the eight phantoms charged towards him, from all directions, encircling him!


 Wild boar charged, brown bear smacked, crocodile bit, green bull attacked with its horn, horse stomped, stone turtle suppressed, white elephant attacked with its tusks, and black python coiled!


 Bam, bam, bam...


 Howl, howl howl...


 Boom, boom, boom...


 The eight beast phantoms went into a frenzy, assaulting Ju Kai Bei ferociously.


 Smoke rose and rocks flew, Ju Kai Bei was pummelled by the eight great phantoms while being surrounded in the middle!


 Being attacked from all directions, Ju Kai Bei’s giant body that was three times the original size, became a giant punching bag.


 His ivory armor could not take it anymore, breaking as the white fragments flew, at areas where it did not break, cracks appeared.


 Many people stared at this scene in shock, opening their eyes and mouths wide, speechless.


 There was almost a thousand Gu Masters watching this, yet no one said a word, as they observed the eight ferocious phantoms engulfing Ju Kai Bei.


 A moment later, the eight phantoms turned hollow again, as they vanished without a trace.


 The smoke dispersed, and Ju Kai Bei half kneeled on the ground, hugging his head as he breathed roughly.


 "It’s finally over?" He slowly lowered his arms, staring at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was holding two primeval stones, recovering his primeval essence as much as he could.


 He had A grade aptitude and the heavenly essence treasure lotus, now he multitasked, absorbing the essence from both primeval stones, his primeval essence had already recovered to seventy percent.


 Seeing this, Ju Kai Bei’s eyes twitched.


 He loosened his tightly clenched teeth, throwing up blood and broken teeth fragments.


 Intense pain assaulted him from all parts of his body, causing him to feel dizzy as his ears buzzed.


 He was thrashed really badly.


 "If I had not activated the ivory armor Gu so desperately, I might’ve fainted already..." Ju Kai Bei felt some afterfear, but because he did this, he did not have much yellow gold primeval essence left.


 He did not expect this change of event, when he thought of using the dragon travel tiger steps Gu to retreat, it was too late.


 The eight beast phantoms surrounded him and prevented him from getting away.


 Ju Kai Bei assessed, there was more than ten areas in his body where bones were broken. With such injuries, he could only choose to heal the important areas, as his primeval essence was running low.


 He had primeval stones on him as well, but he could not absorb the natural essence during battle.


 Fang Yuan would not give him the chance.


 To do so, he needed a good opportunity. Like earlier, when Ju Kai Bei was beaten till he was helpless, Fang Yuan had free time to use his primeval stones.


 Even so, Fang Yuan was taking a risk. He was doing two tasks at once, absorbing the essence from his primeval stones while controlling his beast phantoms, his control of his Gu was lowered during the period.


 "What did I see earlier?"


 "Unbelievable, the beast phantoms turned into solid attackers?"


 "Since when did strength path Gu Masters become so strong? They had such a strong attack!"


 After a while, the spectators finally reacted, asking out in shock.


 Outside the battle stage, chaos ensued again.


 Shang Xin Ci stared with her eyes wide-open, shocked and overjoyed, brilliant light shone in her eyes.


 "Good lad!" Wei Yang punched his fists, shouting excitedly.


 Although Bai Ning Bing was quiet, her eyes were shining with an eerie blue light.


 "Able to turn the hollow beast phantoms into solid figures. Such a Gu worm, could it be?!" Yan Tu’s expression was solemn, as he thought about the Gu that Ju Kai Bei desired for such a long time, and had constantly told him.


 "What you used earlier, is it... strength qi Gu?" Ju Kai Bei slowly stood up, his voice was hoarse as a hint of bitterness could be heard.


 He did not attack, and Fang Yuan was happy about that as he absorbed the natural essence, saying: "You guessed right, it is the strength qi Gu."


 Ju Kai Bei blanked out for a bit before showing a complicated expression, containing envy, jealousy, helplessness, and bitterness.


 "Strength qi Gu, strength qi Gu... hehe." He sighed as he raised his head.


 Ancient strength path Gu worms were nearly extinct. Whenever any news of them appeared, it would make Ju Kai Bei extremely interested. He had searched for many years, but to think that he would experience the strength of the strength qi Gu from this young Fang Yuan.


 Beast phantoms were the traces of Great Dao, hollow and immaterial, they could not attack directly.


 But, once a Gu Master had the strength qi Gu, the Gu Master can activate it and create the formless Qi of Strength.


 The beast phantoms leave Fang Yuan’s bodies, and attach themselves to the qi of strength, gaining the ability to attack directly.


 After that qi vanishes, the beast phantoms would lose their host, and dissipate, returning to Fang Yuan’s body.


 Fang Yuan’s strength qi Gu, was the product of his closed door refinement.


 The main ingredient to create the strength qi Gu, was the rank four atmosphere Gu.


 When Fang Yuan saw it at the auction, he got the idea of buying it immediately.


 Atmosphere Gu, strength qi Gu, they were both qi path Gu. The laws in them were similar, thus, they could be converted to one another using refinement.


 This conversion recipe was extremely complex. Using more than twenty ingredients, to carry out reverse refinement, there were more than thirty steps in this. The heat and timing have to be controlled precisely, and there cannot be any errors. The success rate was not low though, it was more than eighty percent.


 Strength qi Gu, was only a rank three Gu.


 Fang Yuan spent many days and nights, staying in the secret room without any rest, using his rich experience and calm attitude to successfully refine the strength qi Gu.


 In his previous life, only after two hundred years did this recipe become popular among recipe masters, and become publicly known.


 As for now, the recipe master that created this was not even born yet. Of course nobody knew about it.


 "There is no need to continue. I surrender." Knowing that Fang Yuan had the strength qi Gu, Ju Kai Bei lost his will to fight, surrendering.


 With this Gu, Fang Yuan had a strong long range attacking method.


 Close range, long range, being extremely strong at both. This was the way of the true ancient strength path!


 Ju Kai Bei could no longer get close to Fang Yuan, even if he used djinn transformation.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan had many ways to finish him. The attack of the eight phantoms, Ju Kai Bei did not want to experience it again.


 Of course, Ju Kai Bei knew the weakness of the strength qi Gu very clearly.


 It expended a lot of primeval essence, five percent of snow silver primeval essence was needed to contain one beast phantom.


 Eight beast phantoms would amount to forty percent.


 Even in Fang Yuan’s peak state, having ninety percent primeval essence, he could only use this move twice.


 And this was only in theory.


 In a real battle, Fang Yuan needed to use his movement Gu, defense Gu, all-out effort Gu, and others, his primeval essence would be expended in more ways, and the number of times he could use the eight phantoms would only be once.


 Such a move could not be used easily, because of the great consumption, if it bore no results, the Gu Master would be weakening himself.


 Thus, Fang Yuan left it to the end.


 After Ju Kai Bei used djinn transformation, he relaxed his mind. Such an attitude was captured by Fang Yuan, thus he managed to injure him heavily.


 When Gu Masters battle, they use Gu worms, but the person himself was still the key.


 Once a person reveals a flaw, that would be the greatest loophole.


 At this time, the hosting Gu Master came up and announced the result.


 "Ju Kai Bei admitted defeat?" Many people could not accept this.


 "Fang Zheng really shot through the sky!"


 "The world is changing, the world is changing!"


 Ju Kai Bei was called ’half the sky of the battle stage’, but now this ’sky’ could not contain Fang Yuan anymore.


 After this battle, Fang Yuan’s reputation tore through the sky!


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 And this is why strength path isn’t only about muscles.



***
Chapter 321: Shang Clan City Uproar


***





 Chapter 321: Shang Clan City Uproar


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Despite using rank three peak stage cultivation against a rank four, Fang Zheng still won. Not only did he overcome the odds, he even defeated such a strong expert like Ju Kai Bei! He is truly a promising young man!"


 "This is no doubt a grand victory. Ju Kai Bei even used his killer move djinn transformation, but was still beaten till he sprawled on the ground by Fang Zheng, forced to admit defeat."


 "The attack of the eight beast phantoms is truly terrifying... to think Fang Zheng had the strength qi Gu, he is too lucky, I heard this Gu was a prized treasure of his original clan."


 In the tea houses, restaurants, and streets, people talked in their free time, discussing the battle of Fang Yuan and Ju Kai Bei.


 At a point where both were at their peak, defeating a rank four with rank three cultivation was truly spectacular.


 There was almost a thousand spectators at the battle stage, everyone watched the whole process. Fang Yuan won fair and square, there was no trickery or schemes, he completely dominated Ju Kai Bei through pure strength.


 As for the origin of the strength qi Gu, Fang Yuan gave out fake news and caused everyone’s guesses to link to Gu Yue clan.


 "From today onwards, Lord Fang Zheng is my role model!"


 After this battle, many people started calling Fang Yuan ’lord’. His battle strength had gained everyone’s recognition.


 "Lord Fang Zheng is truly awe inspiring, Ju Kai Bei’s era has ended." A few female Gu Masters said with shining eyes.


 "The newer generation replaces the old, as Ju Kai Bei topples, it all contributes to Fang Zheng’s reputation." Some old Gu Masters exclaimed, feeling the rise of a new era.


 "Fang Zheng defeated Ju Kai Bei, I wonder if he can defeat Yan Tu. If he beats Yan Tu as well, he would be the only person to dominate the battle stage in all these years. As long as he defends his position for eighteen battles, he would become an external elder of Shang clan!"


 This battle created trembles in the battle stage.


 The old structure was torn down, and a new force emerged.


 People started to look at Fang Yuan’s future, feeling excitement and anticipation.


 Shang clan had not gotten an external elder for over ten years.


 If Fang Yuan defeated Ju Kai Bei with a mild advantage, and had a tough time, their expectations might not have been so great.


 But after Fang Yuan displayed overwhelming strength that crushed Ju Kai Bei, they started to analyze —


 "Fang Zheng has the all-out effort Gu, bitter strength Gu, self-reliance Gu, and strength qi Gu, even an ancient strength path Gu Master could only reach this level!"


 "The all-out effort Gu allows his attacks to be ferocious and dominating! The bitter strength Gu allows him to get stronger as he battles, paired with the self-reliance Gu, it was simply perfection. The strength qi Gu allows him to have a strong long range attack, and completely eliminates his weakness. The scene of the eight beast phantoms attacking together is simply terrifying. This is Fang Zheng’s killer move!"


 "Ju Kai Bei’s loss was no fluke. Although he is rank four and had the advantage of cultivation, the strength path has little use for primeval essence, limiting that advantage he had. Furthermore, Fang Zheng’s Gu worms are simply too good, they form into a powerful set, and are all closely related together. Ju Kai Bei probably admitted defeat after being disheartened."


 "How can a person’s luck and encounters be this good? Fang Zheng’s luck is off the charts. He had only been in Shang clan city for a few years, yet he is already this developed. His Gu set is so strong, enough for him to spread his name in the southern border and gain his own title."


 "Title? He already has it... many people are calling him and Bai Ning Bing the Black and White Demons. But even more people are calling Fang Zheng the Little Beast King."


 Fang Yuan controlled the eight beast phantoms, and had a ferocious battle style, charging and crashing, the title of Little Beast King suited him well.


 As for why he is not called ’Beast King’.


 That is because Beast King is already an established demonic Gu Master. He occupied Bai Shou mountain, using the hundred beasts as his army, and was a rank five Gu Master, unreasonable, ruthless and evil. He was a troublesome person for both the righteous and demonic faction.


 Fang Yuan was still rank three peak stage, although he defeated Ju Kai Bei and gained fame overnight. He was still very far from being at the level of ’Beast King’ who was a rank five Gu Master.


 From another aspect, people calling him Little Beast King meant that they are thinking highly of Fang Yuan and his future.


 "I am looking forward to his battle stage defending battles. Every dominating expert’s defense battle is a classic. Back then, Lord Wei Yang used rank three middle stage cultivation, even weaker than Fang Zheng now, to dominate the battle stage. Every one of his battles was a classic!" A senior Gu Master recalled.


 Soon, many people started discussing Fang Yuan’s future prospects.


 "At this point, how many are Fang Zheng’s match? Ju Kai Bei, Yan Tu, oh right, and Bai Ning Bing."


 "But, Ju Kai Bei had already lost his djinn mind to Fang Zheng, he was really ruthless. Among djinn body, djinn heart, and djinn mind, djinn mind was the hardest to obtain. Without it, Ju Kai Bei’s killer move is not complete. To Fang Zheng, that is one less threat."


 "Yan Tu is now Fang Zheng’s greatest competitor. He and Ju Kai Bei were each ’half the sky of the battle stage’, his strength is no joke. But Fang Zheng is able to defeat Ju Kai Bei, and has the strength qi Gu to eliminate his weakness, there is a high chance of defeating Yan Tu."


 Someone mentioned Bai Ning Bing as well: "Bai Ning Bing is not to be underestimated, after she lost to Yan Tu, during her next match, she had already broken through to rank four initial stage! A rank four at this age, what sort of talent is that. But she and Fang Zheng have a deep relationship, she might admit defeat when they meet to help Fang Zheng."


 Bai Ning Bing and Fang Yuan staying at Nan Qiu garden together was no secret. Many people guessed that they had already done intimate acts.


 But then, just as the discussions were at their peak, Fang Yuan suddenly announced he was retiring from the battle stage.


 Once news got out, everyone was shocked.


 "Why did Fang Zheng give up such a good chance?"


 "External elder after dominating the battle stage, it is right before him."


 Many people sighed in pity.


 "Are there any hidden circumstances?" The demonic Gu Masters started guessing.


 "Could it be, Shang clan does not want external elders anymore, and forced Fang Zheng to give up?" Demonic Gu Masters often lacked a sense of security.


 "Or is it that Shang clan wants to revise their policy, and remove the external elder position?"


 Suspicion caused many to become uncertain.


 Shang clan’s recruitment of demonic Gu Masters as their external elder was the only case in southern border.


 In southern border, many clans have battle stages. The largest and most popular battle stage lies in the number one clan of the southern border — Wu clan.


 But these battle stages were mostly for their own clansmen, rarely for outsiders. Shang clan’s external elder policy became extremely popular as a result, attracting numerous talents.


 Even when they traded outside, many demonic Gu Masters do not rob the Shang clan caravans. That is because of the external elder policy, and these demonic Gu Masters needed a backup plan for themselves.


 Shang Yan Fei felt something amiss, and quickly clarified the issue.


 Although he had secretly use the two pawns Ju Kai Bei and Yan Tu to control the battle stage, such a thing cannot be exposed.


 Shang Yan Fei’s authority quickly caused this matter to close.


 Soon after, a few days later, Fang Yuan announced in public, he was going to assist Shang Xin Ci and help her ascend to the position of young master.


 Immediately, everyone’s attention shifted from the battle stage to the young master competition.


 Because Shang Ya Zi’s fake accounting was exposed, his young master position was revoked and there was a spot empty now.


 Many of Shang Yan Fei’s children were looking at this position with extreme greed.


 "I heard long ago, this Fang Zheng is loyal and righteous. He had his life principles, repaying a drop of water received in need with a spring, and exacting revenge for hatred a hundred times over. He truly is responsible." Someone praised him.


 "In order to assist Shang Xin Ci to attain the position of young master, he even gave up the identity of external clan elder that was in sight. This is truly..." Some people could not understand.


 "Maybe he and Shang Xin Ci has some underground relationship . If it was me, I would make such a sacrifice too."


 "That is possible, wait. If that’s the case, what about Bai Ning Bing?"


 People had their gossiping nature, and it spread like wildfire. Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing and Shang Xin Ci’s triangle relationship become a hot topic.


 Soon after, in a few days’ time, Bai Ning Bing also retired from the battle stage.


 "Bai Ning Bing also went to assist Shang Xin Ci!" Someone exclaimed.


 "What has this world become? Nobody wants to be an external elder?" Some people’s worldview were tarnished.


 "Bai Ning Bing has great courage, reluctant to let him go. For love, she decided to interfere, actually the three of them and their intertwined relationship begun the moment they met." Rumors started to spread again.


 Countless scenarios were conjured by the people, there were even plays and dramas appearing in Shang clan city depicting the triangle relationship of Fang, Bai and Shang.


 And it was selling like hotcakes!


 Forget these details, but Fang and Bai’s change in position did successfully make Shang Xin Ci the center of attention.


 Bai Ning Bing was now rank four initial stage, a rank four Gu Master was a clan leader in middle or small sized clans!


 Although Fang Yuan was rank three peak stage, his battle strength was on par with rank four Gu masters. Once he becomes rank four, who can imagine how strong he would become?


 They were both very young, and had room to grow, thus there were a lot of positive remarks about them.


 Getting two experts’ help, Shang Xin Ci immediately become the second most popular person vying for the young master position.


 Before her, people thought that the person with the highest hope of becoming a young master was Shang Yi Fan.


 After Fang and Bai assisted her, the situation changed, and it became a contest between the two sides.


 ...


 Shang Yi Fan was not tall, in fact he was slightly short. Eagle nose and tiny eyes, he had a sharp gaze.


 "Shang Xin Ci..." He sat on the wooden chair in his study room, muttering as his gaze shifted uncertainly when thinking about this person.


 Before him was one person.


 It was none other than Shang Ya Zi.


 "Little brother Yi Fan, I am here to help you. Shang Xin Ci has Fang and Bai’s help, she will be your biggest competitor. Especially that Fang Zheng, you have to be careful, he is scheming and devious, he caused my downfall!"


 Shang Ya Zi gritted his teeth and spoke.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Plays and drama selling like hotcakes ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)



***
Chapter 322: Competitive Pressure


***





 Chapter 322: Competitive Pressure


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Shang Ya Zi said: "I lost, but I have not failed completely yet. Father sent me to the slave capturing group for three years, but after three years, I will be back. But before that, I have some things to give you."


 Saying so, Shang Ya Zi passed a few documents to Shang Yi Fan.


 Shang Yi Fan took the documents and gave them a look. The documents contained Shang Ya Zi’s secret assets, his spies and some close aides.


 "Brother Ya Zi, this is..." Shang Yi Fan gave a shocked expression.


 "Brother Yi Fan, you are the person most likely to become young master among our siblings. I will lend you a hand here and hope you manage to win. As for these resources, feel free to use them. After three years, I will be back, just return them to me then." Shang Ya Zi sighed.


 He was forced to train in the slave capturing group, he could not bring his servants and subordinates along. He was not going there to enjoy, but to be punished.


 Now that he lost his young master identity, these forces would collapse eventually, he might as well hand them to Shang Yi Fan while he still had the power and let him take care of them. After three years, Shang Ya Zi will return, and would not have to restart all over again."


 Shang Yi Fan quickly stood up, cupping his fists: "I will not forget brother Ya Zi’s help. In the future, if I become young master, I will repay you tenfold."


 "Sigh, we are brothers, there is no need to talk about repayment. Hehehe..." Although he said so, Shang Ya Zi’s lips curled into a smile.


 After they conversed, Shang Yi Fan sent Shang Ya Zi to the door as he left.


 Seeing he had left, Shang Yi Fan’s smile turned cold.


 "Shang Ya Zi, what a great plan you have, wanting me to preserve your forces for you? Hehe, then I shall use this opportunity to take over all of your assets and absorb them, this is called borrowing without returning ."


 He knew Shang Ya Zi’s plan from the start.


 "Three years? Many things can happen in three years, do you still think you have a chance. Hmph, naive! Such naivety, no wonder Fang and Bai tricked you. You are a disgrace to us Shang clan!" Shang Yi Fan laughed.


 But thinking of Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing, his expression turned dark.


 "Shang Xin Ci..." He kept muttering her name.


 As Shang Ya Zi fell, he thought this young master position was in the bag. But to think Shang Xin Ci appeared out of nowhere and became his biggest obstacle.


 Shang Yi Fan’s eyes squinted, as he analyzed to himself with shining eyes: "Shang Xin Ci’s greatest advantage is father’s affection. Father dotes on her more than his other children combined. But there are clan rules, as everyone competes for the young master position openly, father would not be able to cheat blatantly."


 "In fact, because of lord father’s favor, it caused our other siblings to have ill feelings towards Shang Xin Ci, or even hostility. Shang Xin Ci’s greatest advantage is also her greatest weakness."


 "Shang Xin Ci’s second advantage is her actual strength, that is Fang Zheng and Bai Ning Bing! These two are truly..."


 Thinking of the two, Shang Yi Fan’s face showed strange, envious, jealous, and unbelievable expressions.


 "These two, I don’t know what they are after! They rejected the role of external elder to help Shang Xin Ci!"


 This feeling, is like someone giving up on a watermelon to pick up sesame seeds.


 "How did Shang Xin Ci convince them? Her luck is really good, easily getting these two strong generals. That Bai Ning Bing is already rank four, and Fang Zheng can even defeat Ju Kai Bei!"


 She gained two Gu Masters with rank four battle strength just like this.


 Even their eldest brother Shang Qiu Niu did not have a rank four subordinate.


 Among the ten current young masters, only the young clan leader Shang Tuo Hai had two rank four subordinates.


 But those two subordinates were not Shang Tuo Hai’s private force, but sent by the clan to assist him.


 As the young clan leader, Shang Tuo Hai controlled a caravan. When he traded outside, he needed sufficient strength to deal with all sorts of situations.


 But now, Shang Xin Ci was not even a young master, yet she already possesses the help of two rank four experts.


 This situation caused many of Shang Yan Fei’s children to feel jealousy and fear.


 "But, even with help from those two, so what? The position of young master belongs to me!" Shang Yi Fan licked his lips, as he thought of something, his spirit was lifted.


 ...


 At the same time, at Nan Qiu garden.


 "Shang clan has a complex and complete system of clan rules. Especially the part on successors, the rules are extremely rigid." Wei Yang stood beside Fang and Bai, in front of Shang Xin Ci, as he explained.


 "If Lady Xin Ci wants to ascend to young master, you will have to pass the Shang clan test. This test is a tradition, and there is only one type of test, which is trading."


 Shang clan used trade to flourish, the development of Shang clan cannot be separated from business. When Shang clan chooses a new young master, they would test their business skills.


 "Do not look down on trading, thinking this is only a method to earn money. Trading can assess a successor’s qualities, as many problems often occur when you do trade. The test is on your intelligence and planning, how you adapt to situations, your cultivation strength, and others."


 "The clan will give any competing children a start-up fund of a hundred thousand primeval stones. Three months later, whoever earns the most would become the new young master."


 Wei Yang was clear of the clan’s rules.


 Then, how much do we need to earn to win this competition?" Fang Yuan asked.


 The Shang clan young master competition was well-known in the city, the entire Shang clan placed great attention on it. Fang Yuan knew that he had to follow the rules here.


 "Normally, as long as Lady Xin Ci has around three hundred thousand by the end of the three months, she would eliminate most of her competitors. If she has six hundred thousand, there would be a high chance of winning. Seven to eight hundred thousand is the first class result of previous years’ assessments. But..." Here, Wei Yang paused.


 "This time, among the competitors, there is one whose mother is Lord clan leader’s cousin. In Shang clan, he has a rather big force, he is called Shang Yi Fan, the most favored competitor in this young master competition. With his mother helping him secretly, he would at least have six hundred thousand at the end. If you want to beat him, Lady Xin Ci would need even better results."


 Shang Yi Fan would have at least six hundred thousand, thus to get the young master position, Shang Xin Ci would need to get first class results.


 But Shang Xin Ci had no authority or force in Shang clan, her mother was even a Zhang clansmen, causing her political weakness. She would not receive any help unlike Shang Yi Fan.


 Her only backer is Shang Yan Fei, but as the clan leader, he cannot side with her openly.


 Thus, the pressure on her was extremely high now.


 After Wei Yang finished speaking, he looked at Shang Xin Ci worriedly. He knew that earning seven to eight hundred thousand was usually due to special circumstances. Very few young masters in the previous years could achieve this. This needed talent, help, and more so, luck.


 Originally, Shang Yan Fei did not expect Shang Xin Ci to vie for the young master position so quickly.


 It was all due to Fang and Bai influencing her.


 After Shang Xin Ci heard Wei Yang’s words, she was quiet for a while before asking: "May I know, what was the best result in Shang clan city’s history?"


 "Wei Yang was stunned: "Of course it exceeded eight hundred thousand, reaching nine hundred thousand. But very little people in history managed this, the total is less than twenty. Our current young clan leader Shang Tuo Hai only got to eight hundred and ninety thousand, and that caused a huge commotion already. But your father, back then, he reached nine hundred and twenty thousand. Just this alone, it went into Shang clan’s historical records."


 As he spoke, Wei Yang paused again: "But, the best result in Shang clan history is one million one hundred and ten thousand. He is called Shang Gui Cai, having a monsterous talent, but unfortunately he was a ten extreme physique..."


 "Nine hundred and twenty thousand, one million one hundred and ten thousand..." Shang Xin Ci listened as her eyes glowed brightly, as she clenched her fists tightly.


 She had great talent in doing business. Although Fang Yuan greatly encouraged her for this competition, she was a willing participant herself, and was not forced to do so.


 Seeing Shang Xin Ci’s expression, Wei Yang felt assured: "Alright, I have to go. But before that, I’ll give you some advice. Shang clan’s entire attention is on this competition, do not try to take shortcuts or loopholes, and violate the rules. Trust your brother Wei, all those who tried cheating in the past had never succeeded."


 Young masters were the future of Shang clan, it was extremely important and no mistakes could be tolerated.


 Shang Ya Zi was a young master, but because of one fake accounting, he was exiled, it shows how much importance Shang clan places on the young masters and their actions.


 Shang Yi Fan had his mother’s clan’s backing, but they could only help him within the boundaries of the rules, they did not dare to cheat.


 Soon after, Wei Yang gave a few more heartfelt advice before leaving Nan Qiu garden.


 He was an important elder of the clan, and was Shang Yan Fei’s aide, according to rules, he should avoid meeting them. But he still entered and left Nan Qiu garden, explaining so much for Shang Xin Ci, it showed how much of a friend he was.


 "Brother Wei is taking on a lot of pressure for us. We cannot trouble him any further." Shang Xin Ci said.


 Fang Yuan remained silent.


 Bai Ning Bing frowned: "Earning six times the initial amount in three months of business, it is easier said than done."


 Although she was a natural genius, she had zero talent towards trading and business, feeling extremely troubled now.


 But Shang Xin Ci’s eyes shone as she smiled, saying confidently: "Actually I have a good plan. As long as we succeed, I’m sure we can earn six hundred thousand."


 "Oh, what plan?" Bai Ning Bing asked.


 Shang Xin Ci looked deeply at Fang Yuan, stating her plan: "I got my inspiration from brother Hei Tu’s battles when I went to watch him in the battle stage, we can do business regarding intel."


 "Selling information?" Bai Ning Bing frowned.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Or she could write her own original novel. Reverend Insanity: Love Triangle in the City.



***
Chapter 323: Start of Three Kings Inheritance


***





 Chapter 323: Start of Three Kings Inheritance


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "That’s right, information business. Shang clan’s battle stage has over a hundred battles daily, there are so many opportunities hidden in the battle stage that we can use. I’ve thought about it, we can collect the Gu Master information of the battle stage participants, and sell them. We can hire a few famous people to do predictions before a battle, and critique after the battle, and so on." Shang Xin Ci smiled as she answered.


 "Brilliant!" Bai Ning Bing cheered.


 This idea was ingenious!


 Bai Ning Bing had participated in many battles, she knew deeply how brilliant this idea was. Immediately, she knew this idea could bring in huge profits for them.


 Even Fang Yuan looked at her in surprise.


 He has thought of this idea in his previous life, even using it in Wu clan. Wu clan’s battle stage was grander and had an even livelier atmosphere. Fang Yuan’s idea created a huge commotion and earned him lots of money everyday. But not long after, Wu clan interfered, and all sorts of competition and suppression came, in just a few months, his profits sank and his business was forced to close after half a year.


 Fang Yuan reflected, he was able to come up with this idea because of his memories of Earth. But Shang Xin Ci being able to think of that as a native was extremely impressive, it showed her superior talent in business and trade!


 Although this idea was good, Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Shang Xin Ci gritted her teeth: "Does brother Hei Tu think this idea is bad?"


 "The idea is good, but it won’t work. Xin Ci, do you trust me?" Fang Yuan looked at Shang Xin Ci deeply.


 Shang Xin Ci smiled gently.


 "My life was saved by brother Hei Tu, what is there not to trust?"


 Bai Ning Bing snickered in her heart, but remained silent.


 She was an insider, along the way, she was extremely clear: Shang Xin Ci’s misery was singlehandedly caused by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nodded: "Since you trust me, listen to me. We just need twenty days to triple your primeval stones."


 "Really!" Shang Xin Ci expressed her curiosity: "Then I will listen to brother’s instructions."


 "What scheme is he coming up with this time? Who is he planning to harm?" Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan with the corner of her eye, guessing in her heart.


 ...


 San Cha mountain, situated in the middle of Zuo clan’s Leng Zhan mountain, and Che clan’s Fei Lai mountain.


 Zuo clan and Che clan, the former had six hundred years of history, while the latter had five hundred and eighty.


 The two were enemies, centuries of hatred and grudge, causing the two clans to be mortal enemies.


 For the past hundred years, the two clans were expanding, and in order to occupy San Cha mountain, they fought.


 On the mountain waist of San Cha mountain, an intense battle had occurred, and it was nearing the end.


 Blood flowed on the ground, as tens of Gu Master corpses laid on the ground. There were seven people still standing.


 Three from Zuo clan, four from Che clan.


 Zuo clan elder Zuo Wu Sheng’s chest had a deep hole, as blood flowed out. He pressed down on his injury as he stood in front of Zuo Chan Yu, with a solemn expression: "Big Missy, leave now, we will block them!"


 Zuo Chan Yu was Zuo clan leader’s eldest daughter, having A grade aptitude and was the future hope of Zuo clan. She was young and pretty, rank three middle stage cultivation before even twenty years old, she could not afford to die here.


 "Elder Wu Sheng..." Zuo Chan Yu showed deep hesitation and dismay.


 "Want to leave? Dream on!" Che clan elder Che You Yin sneered as he walked out.


 "Old man Wu Sheng, to think this day would come. Hehehe, today, I will make sure all three of you die without a proper burial!" His killing intent burst out.


 But after saying so, he instructed a young female Gu Master beside him: "Xiang Er, you have an injury on you, later when we fight, stay back and keep a lookout for us."


 Che Qiao Xiang instantly frowned: "Father, I only have a slight injury, it is no matter. I want to fight beside you!"


 She was very worried.


 Zuo Wu Sheng was her father’s rival for tens of years, they were about the same strength. Although Zuo Wu Sheng was injured, it would not be easy to kill him, his dying counterattack would be terrifying.


 "Nonsense!" Che You Yin chided: "Be obedient and listen to father, this is an order."


 Che Qiao Xiang pouted, about to rebuke, but suddenly heard a laugh.


 "Hahaha... hehehe.... huhuhuh..."


 This was a weird laugh, making someone feel an evil wind blowing when they heard it.


 Following this laughter, someone appeared on a mountain rock.


 This person was extremely handsome, wearing a flowery robe that had pink butterflies. He wore a floral crown on his head, and there was a red flower ball sewn onto the crown. As he laughed, the ball vibrated, causing him to look like an extremely hilarious clown.


 But be it Zuo Wu Sheng or Che You Yin, when they saw him, there was no laughter but intense fear instead.


 "Ah, you are the ’Pink Butterfly Gentleman’..."


 "Kong Ri Tian!"


 The two spoke out, revealing his identity.


 This moment, the other people’s expressions also changed. Especially Zuo Chan Yu and Che Qiao Xiang, their faces went pale and they became extremely nervous.


 This Kong Ri Tian was a demonic Gu Master, having a vile reputation. He loved to wear a flower robe that had pink butterflies, thus he was called ’pink butterfly gentleman’.


 But the truth is, he was a serial rapist, targeting virgin women. He was extremely hated by everyone, and thus was a loner.


 Most importantly, he had rank four cultivation, once he appeared, the battle situation changed.


 Zuo clan and Che clan were at their wits end, their main fighter Che You Yin and Zuo Wu Sheng were injured, and only had rank three cultivation.


 "Hahaha... hehehe... huhuhu... That is right, I am Kong Ri Tian!" Although he was exposed, pink butterfly gentleman was extremely happy, laughing in that weird manner again.


 Suddenly, he waved his sleeve, and injected his primeval essence, causing a flower petals to rain on the battlefield.


 The pink petals turned into butterflies, flying in the air.


 At once, fragrance spread throughout the battlefield.


 Zuo clan and Che clan quickly defended and unleashed their abilities.


 Kong Ri Tian used this opportunity to attack, causing the flower rain to intensify as his body moved around quickly.


 After eight to nine rounds, Kong Ri Tian’s body flashed, as he retreated and left the battlefield.


 "He retreated!"


 "That was close..."


 Che You Yin and Zuo Wu Sheng sighed together, but their expressions changed soon.


 "My dear Chan Yu!"


 "Qiao Xiang! Scoundrel, release my daughter!!"


 The two elders were burning with anger.


 "Hahaha... hehehe... huhuhu..." Kong Ri Tian laughed, as two ladies were on his left and right hand respectively.


 It was Che Qiao Xiang and Zuo Chan Yu, having fallen unconscious as they were captured by him during the chaotic battle.


 Kong Ri Tian specialized in dealing with female Gu Masters.


 "Great rewards today, to think I’d find two beauties here. Hahaha... hehehe... huhuhu!" Kong Ri Tian was extremely satisfied, when suddenly a change occurred.


 The entire San Cha mountain started trembling, as mountain rocks fell due to the tremors!


 "What is going on?"


 "What in the world is happening?!"


 As everyone shouted in shock, three light pillars burst out from the three mountain peaks of San Chan mountain. Three giant light pillars, yellow, blue, and red extended all the way into the sky, above the clouds.


 At this point, a voice was heard among all present on San Cha mountain —


 "Three Kings Inheritance opens today, regardless of righteous or demonic, only fate matters."


 Everyone stared at this scene in shock.


 Even Kong Ri Tian forgot the two beauties in his arms.


 Three kings inheritance... it is actually the three kings inheritance!


 Everyone reacted and showed an extremely excited expression.


 Three kings inheritance, oh god, all three kings were rank five Gu Masters, this is their inheritance, this is actually their inheritance!!!


 ...


 Three days later, in Shang clan city.


 Nan Qiu garden, study room.


 Placing a document lightly on the table, brilliance shone across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 "Three kings inheritance has finally opened..."


 Looking at the date, it was the same as his previous life. This shows that in this world, even though rebirth can alter history, significant events cannot be changed easily.


 "Now that the three kings inheritance has opened, I have little time left. Once Shang Xin Ci becomes the young master, I will have to set off."


 Fang Yuan felt an urge in his heart, he needed to act faster.


 The three kings inheritance was different from ordinary inheritances.


 The flower wine inheritance and white bone inheritance he took previously were only one inheritance each. But this time, it was three collective inheritances in one place.


 If he could obtain all three, Fang Yuan’s strength would increase by many times, and the rank four Gu worms he needed would be mostly filled. At least before rank five, he would not need to worry about resources anymore.


 But the three kings inheritance was a demonic inheritance, it was dangerous. There were many dog groups inside, and many checkpoints to pass through. In his previous life, countless lives were sacrificed, and only after half a year did someone reach the end and obtain the inheritance.


 Thus, there was no point in going at the moment.


 "News of the three kings inheritance cannot be hidden. How can those three pillars reaching into the sky be concealed?"


 Fang Yuan knew these three pillars were the inheritance entrance. But to enter, there were certain requirements.


 "Now, I can finally mass purchase dog enslavement Gu, paper crane gu, and exploding egg Gu." Fang Yuan analyzed.


 Before this, although he had cash on hand, he secretly bought the three types of Gu in the market.


 He had a vigilant nature, he did not go all in.


 Only when the news of the three kings inheritance was released, he knew the time was ripe.


 Bulk purchase!


 Five days later, Fang Yuan bought a large number of rank one dog enslavement Gu, rank two paper crane Gu, and rank one exploding egg Gu. Not only Shang Xin Ci’s hundred thousand primeval stones, but also the three hundred thousand he had just gotten from Bai clan.


 Fang Yuan had once extorted three million primeval stones from Bai clan, they had paid almost half of it already.


 Adding in Bai Ning Bing’s money, Fang Yuan’s purchasing plan was a big success.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Hahaha... hehehe... huhuhu...



***
Chapter 324: Earning a fortune


***





 Chapter 324: Earning a fortune


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Shang Xin Ci used all her funds to buy these three Gu worms?" In the study room, Shang Yi Fan was holding onto a piece of paper.


 This document was sent over by his mother.


 Shang Yi Fan’s mother was Shang Yan Fei’s cousin, she had great influence and many informants.


 "Rank one dog enslavement Gu, rank two paper crane Gu, and rank one exploding egg Gu, what use do they have?" Shang Yi Fan frowned deeply, thinking hard but could not arrive at an explanation.


 "I heard Shang Xin Ci gave the entire hundred thousand to Fang Zheng. Although Fang Zheng is strong in battle, I’ve never heard of his talent in business. Randomly purchasing like this would only cause harm to himself. Did I overestimate them?"


 Shang Yi Fan pondered.


 Although he did not have high cultivation, he had trained his own ability in doing business, he had great understanding of the market.


 Generally speaking, buying Gu worms in bulk like this, any experienced trader would not choose such a method.


 Because this investment had no prospects!


 But as Shang Yi Fan continued thinking, the uneasiness in his heart did not go away. He felt that he had missed something, as if there was a deep scheme behind this nonsensical bulk purchase.


 At this moment, the old steward reported outside the door: "Young master, something huge has occurred, I need to report to you."


 "Oh, please come on Old Zhang." Shang Yi Fan quickly asked him to come in.


 This Old Zhang was his mother’s capable subordinate. He had rank three peak stage cultivation, able to hold his own and had great experience. Shang Yi Fan could not treat him like an ordinary subordinate.


 Shang Yi Fan’s mother had also instructed him, to be courteous to Old Zhang and seek advice from him to learn more about trading.


 Old Zhang walked in, his expression solemn: "Young master Yi Fan, things are not looking good, there are news from San Cha mountain, that someone had discovered the correct method to enter the inheritance."


 Although the three kings inheritance opened earlier, separated into three pillars of yellow, blue and red light, there were special criterias set by the inheritance and nobody could enter.


 During these few days, after many people experimented and tested, they finally found the way to enter the three kings inheritance ground.


 Hearing Old Zhang’s words, Shang Yi Fan showed intense curiosity: "Oh, what does one have to do to enter the three kings inheritance? Wait, don’t tell me..."


 Suddenly his expression changed, as he stared intently at that document on the table.


 He thought of a possibility, as he slowly stood up.


 Old Zhang laughed bitterly: "Young master Yi Fan guessed it, that is correct, to enter the inheritance, three different Gu are needed. To enter the yellow pillar, the inheritance of King Quan, a Gu Master needs to refine the rank one dog enslavement Gu. To enter the blue pillar, King Xin’s inheritance, the Gu master needs to have paper crane Gu. If they want to enter the red pillar, King Bao’s inheritance, they will need at least one exploding egg Gu."


 "How can this be?" Shang Yi Fan screeched.


 He fell on his seat, dejected.


 He finally understood, why Fang and Bai bought these three Gu in bulk, so this was the reason.


 Right now, news of the three kings inheritance had spread all over the southern border. The inheritance of three rank five Gu Masters together, who knows how many people would gain interest and want to go and get their share of the pie.


 But to enter it, one needs at least one of those three Gu.


 But right now, in Shang clan city, all of these three Gu belonged to Shang Xin Ci. As long as one is not a fool, they can imagine how much profits she can earn by sell those Gu worms!


 Shang Yi Fan was not stupid, in fact he was smart, at least more than Shang Ya Zi.


 "Where did they get such information? And so precise!"


 "No, now is not the time for that, it is no longer important. More importantly, how am I going to stop them!"


 An eerie light continued to flash in Shang Yi Fan’s eyes, as he concentrated and thought.


 But a moment later, he showed despair and helplessness.


 There was no way!


 Shang Xin Ci did an excellent job here. It was a very normal investment, but because of the three kings inheritance, it became a completely different story.


 When they purchased the Gu, Shang Xin Ci used way more than a hundred thousand primeval stones, but that was not against the rules, at most it was a curveball.


 As long as they can earn primeval stones, and calculate her profits based on her initial capital, there was no problems...


 If Shang Yi Fan wanted to find problems here, he had no reason to. That is because he also borrowed forces from his mother, such as Old Zhang. To speak the truth, his curveball was way worse than Shang Xin Ci’s.


 "Young master Yi Fan, the other party had the most accurate information this time. After they deal, their capital can at least triple. We cannot find any problems with them, nor can we use any underhanded means. We have to use our remaining time and do our own business. With madam’s influence in the city, in three months, you will have at least six hundred thousand. Young master, we can still win." Old Zhang explained.


 "Yes, we can only hope so..." Shang Yi Fan breathed out deeply, but the worry in his heart did not go away.


 Regarding the young master competition, this was just the start but he had already received such a ’surprise’. Who knows what might happen later on.


 The confident Shang Yi Fan started to become doubtful.


 ...


 Three kings, they referred to King Quan, King Xin, and King Bao.


 Their origins were traced back to three hundred years ago.


 The three kings came from Wang clan. Wang clan was exterminated by their mortal enemy Wu clan 1 , but they missed out three children from Wang clan.


 These three children, two males and one female. The eldest was eight, he would become the future King Quan. The youngest was five, he was King Bao. As for the female, the future King Xin, she was only six at the time.


 Wu clan was busy absorbing their remnant forces, to completely digest their gains from Wang clan.


 What could three children do?


 They were not even Gu Masters, thus they did not bother with the children, only sending out an arrest warrant and forgot about them.


 The person sent to kill them was also a lazy man, he picked three kids to kill, faking that he had completed his mission and returned. Thus, the three children were unintentionally saved.


 They experienced hardship, suffering, and barely stayed alive. As they supported each other, they developed a deep relationship.


 As they grew older, their hatred for Wu clan deepened.


 But after Wu clan absorbed Wang clan, they got much stronger, and was a large clan that owned three mountains. After years of operating, their forces were even more deep-rooted. The three kings were alone, not even given the chance to awaken their aperture. It was an impossible dream for them to take revenge on Wu clan.


 But life was uncertain, and fate worked in mysterious ways. You can never know what your fate might be in the future.


 During one time when they risked their lives, collecting herbs on the mountain to sustain their livelihood, the three were thrown into an ancient inheritance ground.


 This was not an ordinary inheritance, it was left behind by a mysterious rank six Gu Immortal.


 The three kings thus, experienced a change in fate. They each inherited a portion of the rank six Gu Immortal’s inheritance, and worked hard to cultivate for nearly a hundred years.


 The three encouraged each other and worked hard together. When they all got to rank five, they felt that the time was ripe, and thus, left the inheritance grounds to exact revenge on Wu clan.


 At that time, Wu clan was at the peak of their development.


 The three kings did not use any schemes or plot, but went straight to their doorsteps. Wu clan leader was a rank five Gu Master, how could he endure the assault of three rank five Gu masters?


 Especially when these three rank five Gu Masters inherited an ancient inheritance.


 King Quan summoned his army of hounds, as he waved his hand, it was a mighty army. The hound groups were like the sea, engulfing Wu clan village.


 King Xin was speedy and agile, moving like a spectre, she killed all of Wu clan’s higher ups, causing them to have no leaders and fall into chaos.


 King Bao was violent and direct, once he attacked, it shocked the heavens, as he triggered the explosion of the mountain rocks.


 The strong and invincible Wu clan, was exterminated by the three kings in three days.


 The three mountains’ spirit springs were destroyed, as corpses lined the mountain trails, blood pouring on the ground, it was a grotesque sight.


 Wu clan was completely wiped out, but the three kings paid a heavy price.


 However, they were willing to do so for the sake of revenge.


 After getting their revenge, the three kings felt that life had lost its meaning, they did not want to rebuild Wang clan, as a clan, no matter how strong they were, could not defend against true experts.


 They started living in seclusion, no longer coming out. They vanished like three shooting stars, after causing the huge event in southern border, they disappeared quickly, never to be heard from again.


 Nobody knows what happened to the three kings after that, until recently, when their inheritance appeared.


 "King Quan has at least three rank five dog enslavement Gu. With them, one can enslave myriad beast kings, and command an army, conquering the world!"


 "King Xin is most skilled at refining Gu, she developed a unique set of Gu worms from the common rank two paper crane Gu, allowing her to easily get information. It was because of her that King Quan and King Bao found out the security loophole in Wu clan village. She was a huge factor in eliminating Wu clan."


 "And there is King Bao, his temper was like fire, every time he attacked, it would cause huge explosions that shook the lands. His power is wild and overbearing, whoever receives his inheritance would be able to stomp on the world!"


 "Three rank five inheritances, getting one would allow one to rise to power, two would allow them to leave their names in history, and three would breed the ultimate overlord!"


 "This is a huge opportunity, I will not be satisfied unless I try my best."


 "I have to hurry there, if I am late, and others get it, I would regret it for life!"


 As news of the entry method of the three kings inheritance got out, many people went wild in Shang clan city.


 "I want to buy the exploding egg Gu."


 "I want the paper crane Gu!"


 "I want dog enslavement Gu, paper crane Gu, and exploding egg Gu!!"


 "What, why are these Gu so expensive? The prices are three times as before!!"


 "Tsk, get lost if you’re poor, there are lots of people waiting to buy."


 "Damn it... I’ll buy it!"


 "I want to buy, I have to buy it!"


 Numerous people gritted their teeth, scolding the unscrupulous merchant under their breaths, but still took out their hard-earned money in great pain.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 That’s capitalism for you.



***
Chapter 325: Immortal’s Blessed Land


***





 Chapter 325: Immortal’s Blessed Land


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "During these last ten days, we earned twenty thousand on average a day. In total, the initial hundred thousand had already tripled, we have three hundred thousand now!" Holding onto the account book in her hand, Shang Xin Ci was surprised and delighted.


 Ten days into the young master competition, Shang Xin Ci had already tripled the initial capital in her hands, she immediately pulled apart from her competitors.


 Three hundred thousand, and this is only the amount earned from the young master’s capital. Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing had also invested much into this, right now they earned a fortune. Fang Yuan’s primeval elder Gu was no longer enough, as he bought two more, his total asset had reached two million and four hundred thousand.


 Bai Ning Bing also earned a lot.


 Shang Xin Ci’s servants, Xiao Die and Xiao Lan, looked at Fang Yuan with a colorful gaze.


 They knew that this amazing result was all due to Fang Yuan.


 A good start was half the success. The two servants were doubtful of Shang Xin Ci competing for the young master position, but now they had much more confident.


 "But, how did Fang Yuan know such accurate information about the three kings inheritance?" Bai Ning Bing sat at one side as she felt suspicion.


 The reason Fang Yuan was able to use this opportunity and earn this time was all due to the information he had.


 Does that mean, Fang Yuan had some secret regarding the three kings inheritance? Or did he have a mysterious source of information?


 No matter which it was, the truth shows that Fang Yuan was not simple at all.


 Although Bai Ning Bing earned a lot as well, she felt a strong pressure in her heart.


 She had spent a lot of time with Fang Yuan, she found that often, Fang Yuan would bring her some surprise when she least expects it.


 Although he does not appear mysterious at all on the outside, he is, in fact, shrouded in a thick layer of fog.


 Precisely because she had spent so much time with him, she could feel this and experience how unfathomable Fang Yuan was!


 "Brother Hei Tu, thank you so much this time. With this three hundred thousand, I can better execute my plans now." Shang Xin Ci smiled and said.


 But Fang Yuan waved his hand: "No worries, Xin Ci, you had a great idea, but it is very difficult to execute."


 He continued: "A business that sells information in the battle stage is unlike us purchasing Gu in bulk. This time, I struck when your competitors were caught off guard, but most important, it was because Shang Ya Zi who controlled the shops was gone, and there was no one managing the Shang clan shops. Without a firm leader, even if others wanted to interfere, they could not do so, and could only watch us earn this profit."


 "But an information business is different. To start this, not only do you have a great need for resources, you also need manpower and a huge network to assist you. Otherwise, your competitors will suppress and attempt to ruin your business. Our foundation is weak, we cannot afford any failed attempts. Once we invest in a business, it has to succeed. Thus, we need to make preparations."


 Shang Xin Ci’s expression turned solemn, nodding: "Brother Hei Tu, you are right. But it has only been a few years since I came to Shang clan city, I only have Xiao Die and Xiao Lan to help me. As for network, I barely have any contacts."


 Xiao Die was a servant she brought over from Zhang clan, she was loyal and now that she was nurtured as a Gu Master by Shang Xin Ci, she had decent aptitude of B grade.


 As for Xiao Lan, she is a rank three healing Gu Master that Shang Yan Fei sent to assist Shang Xin Ci, she was reliable and trustworthy.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "Xin Ci, don’t think too lowly of yourself. Shang Chi Wen who controls the battle stage has a good relationship with you."


 "We can relate to each other because we are girls. At the same time, an intel business helps her revenue, I believe she will not object." Shang Xin Ci analyzed and said.


 "Xin Ci, I said I’d help you get the young master position, I have my plans, and ample confidence of winning. No need to worry, just do what I say, there is a high chance of winning." Fang Yuan reassured.


 "I will listen to Brother Hei Tu’s instructions." Shang Xin Ci laughed, replying with no hesitation.


 Fang Yuan sat on the chair, his strategizing posture gave Shang Xin Ci a strong sense of security.


 "Xin Ci, firstly, you have to recruit people. If you want to do this business, you need a large number of loyal subordinates. But before that, you need a manager. He needs to have rank three cultivation and must be able to hold his own, being experienced and capable at trading. I have already found such a person, his name is Zhou Quan, he was a shopkeeper under Shang Ya Zi." Fang Yuan continued to plan.


 Shang Xin Ci was slightly dejected: "Zhou Quan? I know him. But he is a rank three Gu Master, he is arrogant and proud. He was once Zhou clan’s clan leader, having rank four cultivation. But after there was an internal strife, and the clan got slaughtered by demonic Gu Masters, he escaped with heavy injuries, thus only having rank three upper stage cultivation left. He takes care of the shops and always has the best performance among all the other shopkeepers. But even Shang Ya Zi could not get his loyalty, such a person, I am afraid..."


 Fang Yuan waved his hand: "How would you know if you don’t try? Xin Ci, you have to become confident, trust me, you have a unique charisma. In the future, many people will serve you willingly and fight for you. Zhou Quan is a difficult target, you might not succeed, but as long as you display your sincerity, your hard work will definitely pay off."


 "Yes, Brother Hei Tu, I will work hard!" Shang Xin Ci clenched her fists.


 Fang Yuan nodded: "Good, then go ahead."


 Not longer after Shang Xin Ci left, Wei Yang arrived at Nan Qiu garden.


 Fang Yuan attended to him at the lake pavilion: "I understand why brother Wei is here, please take a seat."


 Saying so, Fang Yuan poured Wei Yang a cup of tea.


 Wei Yang laughed: "Brother Fang Zheng is wise, then please tell me about it."


 Fang Yuan used the three kings inheritance to earn a fortune, it was all because he had secret information about it in advance.


 Shang Yan Fei was no fool, he immediately knew Fang Yuan possessed valuable information.


 The three kings inheritance was the largest event for the last fifty to sixty years. Right now, it had affected the entire southern border, and attracted the attention of many forces. But because in the southern border’s mountain terrain, danger lurked everywhere, it was not easy to get to the inheritance ground. Even so, many clans, as long as they could, sent out their respective groups of Gu Masters.


 The inheritance of three rank five Gu Masters, even the super-class Shang clan would be moved.


 "My information came from Bai Gu mountain. Grey Bone Scholar had once explored the three kings inheritance grounds, and gathered some information. The truth is, the three kings inheritance ground they discovered now is an ancient Gu Master’s blessed land." Fang Yuan answered in a half-truth manner.


 His information was obviously not from Bai Gu mountain. But the information about the blessed land, it was true, he had confirmed it in his previous life.


 "Blessed land?" Hearing this phrase, a brilliant light flashed across Wei Yang’s eyes.


 Blessed land, blessed land, it is the land of blessings, the place of residence for Gu Masters after they become immortal.


 In the blessed land, the scenery is like a drawing, having a unique atmosphere and large amounts of treasure and precious materials. The primeval essence inside is often dozens of times thicker and denser than the outside world.


 A blessed land was an independent small world, a utopia, isolated from the world. The Gu Immortal rules the land, and anyone who lives in it can experience serenity and happiness.


 "Brother Fang Zheng, are you serious?" Wei Yang’s tone became more anxious.


 He had to be serious.


 Rank five was mortal, rank six was immortal. Between rank five and six, there was a qualitative difference that made them world’s apart.


 The inheritance of three rank five Gu Masters could only pique Shang clan’s interest. But if it involves the inheritance of a rank six Gu Immortal, then all of the super clans in the southern border would go crazy over it!


 The inheritance of a rank six Gu Immortal was simply too valuable. It was so important that even those secluded rank six Gu Immortals would appear one after another!


 Fang Yuan laughed: "I am not sure about the exact details, but in Grey Bone Scholar’s notes, that is what was written."


 He was not afraid of exposing this information earlier, because there was no bad consequences in doing so.


 According to his memories, in just a few days, people will start to develop an understanding of this. Anyway, after a short period, Shang clan would also learn of this. He might as well tell Wei Yang in advance to earn their trust.


 "Brother Wei, calm down. Although this is a blessed land left by a rank six Gu Immortal, it had long been degenerating. Right now, it is on the brink of collapsing. Back in the day, this blessed land was occupied by the three kings and they dug out all of the resources and treasures inside. Right now, the three kings used this blessed land to build their inheritances, causing the blessed land to feel even greater pressure. Eventually, it will face destruction, and vanish into thin air." Fang Yuan said slowly.


 "Oh, is that so?" Wei Yang blinked, as he rapidly processed the information.


 "These were all recorded in Grey Bone Scholar’s notes, but to ensure my safety, I had already destroyed all these documents, I cannot show them to you." Fang Yuan smiled lightly.


 "Brother, this is too big of a matter. It is not that I do not trust you, but I have to report to lord clan leader, and let him decide." Wei Yang was solemn.


 Fang Yuan expressed his understanding: "If Shang clan wants to send out an exploration team, I have some information here that might be helpful."


 Fang Yuan had some understanding of the things inside the inheritance.


 "Haha, in that case, I cannot let you lose out. Give a price." Wei Yang was in charge of Feng Yu manor, and controlled intel in the city.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, and said four hundred thousand.


 Wei Yang frowned: "For information on the inheritance of a rank six Gu Immortal, four hundred thousand is... too little. But the reliability of the information has yet to be confirmed, I will pass you four hundred thousand first. After a while, when it is evaluated, no worries little brother, with your brother Wei here, you will not lose out."


 "I am assured by brother Wei’s words." Fang Yuan laughed.


 After getting this information, Shang Yan Fei paid great attention to it, sending three teams to San Cha mountain. Each team had at least three elders, it was a strong investment.


 A few days later, Fang Yuan received the compensation from Wei Yang regarding the information.


 The information he provided had helped Shang clan’s teams greatly, and avoided many deaths.


 After getting the funds, Fang Yuan approached Li Ran.


 Li Ran was a spy sent by Wu clan, right now he was inside third inner city battle stage, his identity was still a secret and nobody knew except Fang Yuan.


 "I have some information about the three kings inheritance, I am sure your Wu clan would be interested." Fang Yuan met with Li Ran in secret and immediately said.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 The kindest man alive, giving out information so deaths can be avoided.



***
Chapter 326: Nine Eyes Liquor Worm


***





 Chapter 326: Nine Eyes Liquor Worm


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Days went by and with the news of the three kings inheritance, a time of unrest began at San Cha mountain.


 Many formidable demonic Gu Masters, righteous Gu Masters and people of all occupations and goals rushed towards San Cha mountain.


 At first, Shang clan controlled the situation, continually sending reinforcements and tyrannically occupying the inheritance entrances, displaying their determination towards obtaining this inheritance.


 However, Wu clan moved and broke the blockade of Shang clan.


 After that, news continued to spread. The fact that the site of three kings inheritance had been rank six Gu Immortal blessed land caused a huge uproar and countless people flocked towards San Cha mountain. Several other top ranked clans were also alarmed by the news and dispatched groups of formidable Gu Masters one after another.


 With this, even Shang clan and Wu clan could not block the huge wave of people.


 San Cha mountain fell into chaos.


 There were casualties every day. To seize the chance to enter the inheritance, there were intense battles between righteous and demonic; demonic and demonic; righteous and righteous.


 Every change in the situation in San Cha mountain affected the hearts of many people.


 Fang Yuan was also paying close attention to this.


 After the inheritance opened, close to a month had passed. Some people already gained some benefits in the inheritance, stimulating the passion of many others to explore the inheritance.


 However, Fang Yuan did not care about these benefits. With the memories of his previous life, he knew that the true essence of three kings inheritance lied in the depths of the inheritance ground. There were at least a hundred barriers before one could reach there and it was a time and energy consuming process. Sometimes, people would be lost and trapped in fog, and not be able to find the exit. Sometimes, there would be attacks from dogs and many Gu Masters would die under these dogs’ sharp canine teeth.


 The three kings were demonic Gu Masters; this was a demonic inheritance.


 There were dangers lurking all over in demonic inheritances. In many cases, one needed to risk their lives to explore them.


 "It is still too early to go to San Cha mountain, the time is not ripe yet. It is better to benefit from other’s efforts and preserve my strength. When they remove the barriers and clear the obstacles, that will be the time I seize the rewards. For now, I should refine Gu." Fang Yuan had already made a plan.


 The Gu he was going to refine this time was none other than liquor worm!


 Rank one liquor worm could purify green copper primeval essence by a small realm. Rank two four flavors liquor worm could purify red steel primeval essence by a small realm. Rank three seven fragrances liquor worm could purify white silver primeval essence by a small realm. Rank four nine eyes liquor worm could purify yellow gold primeval essence by a small realm.


 Rank five liquor worm, however, did not exist. The recipe grandmaster who researched liquor worm’s recipe had an outstanding talent, but he was killed by enemies when he was young and died prematurely.


 Geniuses only represented a possibility.


 There were many cases of geniuses who were killed before they matured.


 However, the current Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing could already be said to have matured; killing them would not be easy.


 After Fang Yuan fused liquor worm into four flavors liquor worm, he had not used it and had only been raising it.


 It was because he had bone flesh unity Gu and Bai Ning Bing’s help that the four flavors liquor worm lost its worth. However, it was different now.


 Bai Ning Bing was now rank four while Fang Yuan was rank three peak stage; he would also advance to rank four initial stage not long later. At that time, their cultivation would be the same.


 The help that bone flesh unity Gu could offer to Fang Yuan would decrease by a lot. At that time, a rank four nine eyes liquor worm would make his cultivation speed faster.


 Refine the nine eyes liquor worm!


 While Shang Xin Ci was starting to recruit Zhou Quan, Fang Yuan chose to go into closed door cultivation to refine Gu.


 Bai Ning Bing also chose to go into closed door cultivation, refining Gu secretly.


 To refine four flavors liquor worm, two rank one liquor worms and wine of sour, sweet, bitter and spicy flavors were required. To refine seven fragrances liquor worm, two four flavors liquor worm and seven types of spices were required.


 To refine nine eyes liquor worm, one needed two seven fragrances liquor worm and eyeballs of nine different hundred beast kings.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was at Shang clan city and had a huge advantage. If it was at other places, he would have to spend large amounts of energy to search for materials to refine liquor worm. However, at Shang clan city, he could easily buy them as long as he had money.


 Fang Yuan already possessed a four flavors liquor worm. He bought two liquor worms and fused them into the second four flavors liquor worm.


 He then fused these two four flavors liquor worm into seven fragrances liquor worm.


 The process till this stage was smoothly finished by him. However, he ran into difficulty while refining the second seven fragrances liquor worm.


 While he was fusing the third four flavors liquor worm and the second seven fragrances liquor worm, the fusion failed. The primeval stones spent on it were all wasted. He had to buy the supplementary materials and restart it again.


 Fortunately, fusing the two seven fragrances liquor worm was completely smoothly. Three days later, Fang Yuan obtained a nine eyes liquor worm.


 Nine eyes liquor worm was like a silkworm and was pure white like a pearl. There were no eyes on its head, but rather it had nine colors that resembled eyes - red, orange, yellow, green, blue and so on - as if they were precious gems embedded on its body.


 Nine eyes liquor worm could purify yellow gold primeval essence by a small realm!


 Fang Yuan had spent a lot to refine it, his expenses almost reaching two hundred thousand primeval stones.


 No Gu Masters could avoid failures in refining Gu. Fang Yuan might have failed many times, but his luck was pretty good.


 His failures was all concentrated in the early stage of refining four flavors liquor worm and seven fragrances liquor worm. At the final juncture, he had succeeded in one try.


 What Gu Master feared the most in refining Gu was failing at the latter stage. That kind of loss was disastrous.


 "I have nine eyes liquor worm now." Fang Yuan observed the Gu for a while before satisfiedly putting it into his aperture.


 He was still only at rank three peak stage now and could not use the nine eyes liquor worm; he could only wait till he reached rank four before he used it.


 Bai Ning Bing could use it.


 However, yellow gold middle stage primeval essence had a strong cleansing effect towards the aperture walls. Bai Ning Bing possessed northern dark ice soul physique, and from what she said, her aptitude had already increased to ninety-six percent now. Nine eyes liquor worm would do more harm than good to her.


 "When I reach rank four initial stage and use this nine eyes liquor worm, I will have yellow gold middle stage primeval essence. At that time, the quality of my primeval essence will, for the first time, surpass Bai Ning Bing." Fang Yuan could sense he was not far from reaching rank four realm.


 Although they had undergone a ’vow’, he had never forgotten the danger called Bai Ning Bing.


 ------------


 Time passed day by day. A great demonic path figure appeared at San Cha mountain inheritance grounds after Kong Ri Tian.


 He was Long Qing Tian, ’one who had dyed the sky blue before’, a famous poison path Gu Master. When he appeared in the inheritance grounds, he killed three Shang clan elders with poison and gave a huge boost to the demonic path’s morale.


 Fortunately, two days later, Wu clan sent the rank four Elder Wu Tong Shen to hold back Long Qing Tian. This brought back the situation in San Cha mountain to an equilibrium.


 On Shang Xin Ci’s side, she, as expected, met setbacks when recruiting Zhou Quan and her progress was slow. Zhou Quan was proud and arrogant, his attitude did not ease even a little and his tone also seemed like he had no intentions to discuss.


 After Fang Yuan succeeded in refining nine eyes liquor worm, he was putting all his energy in cultivating.


 Because Bai Ning Bing was continuously supplying him with yellow gold primeval essence, his cultivation speed accelerated and was quickly approaching rank four realm.


 However, these days, Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery speed was also becoming faster and its pressure on Fang Yuan’s rank three aperture had become more obvious.


 On this day, Shang clan city welcomed the Auspicious Festival.


 This was Shang clan’s traditional festival, it was an important celebration that commemorated the ancestor, who founded Shang clan thousands of years ago, setting up a stall for the first time.


 Shang clan’s first ancestor was a legendary figure.


 He was originally a mortal who lived in poverty and made a livelihood by trading. On one certain transaction, he unexpectedly obtained a Gu Master’s inheritance token.


 He relied on this token to inherit the legacy of the Gu Master and stepped into a whole new world. He moved forward steadily and step by step, his wealth and power expanded continuously until he finally founded Shang clan city.


 Thus, on the day of the festival, Shang clan inner city was decorated with lanterns and colored banners. All large stores, brothels, restaurants and so on closed their business for the day. People were in a joyous mood and excitedly walked on the streets, setting up stalls. Men, women, old and young, all immersed in this lively atmosphere of the festival; on this day, buying and selling were treated as an interesting game.


 However, the joyous atmosphere of the festival seemed to have no effect on Shang Xin Ci.


 The young girl sat in front of a table with her beautiful brows in a slight frown as she looked at the several invitation cards on the table with melancholy.


 These invitation cards all came from the nine young masters.


 During Auspicious Festival, the young masters would hold grand banquets, inviting people of all sides and reward them.


 "Big Brother Hei Tu, what should I do?" Shang Xin Ci was in a dilemma and subconsciously looked at Fang Yuan for guidance.


 "Xin Ci, our sales have tripled your hundred thousand capital and you are now one of the most popular candidate to win the young master competition. They will naturally invite you to participate."


 Fang Yuan smiled and continued: "However, we can only choose one of these nine invitations. On the surface, this looks like a joyous and harmonious banquet, but it is actually a political move to determine where you stand."


 Fang Yuan explained the deep political meaning behind these invitations.


 Shang clan only had ten young masters, there were alliance between these ten young masters and also internal conflicts.


 Shang Xin Ci was competing for the young master position and was also one of the most popular candidates. Naturally, the nine young masters paid close attention to her. Shang Xin Ci had yet to become a young master but they were already trying to rope her in.


 One had to make compromises in this world.


 To be part of Shang clan’s higher-up, one could not avoid being engulfed by the political whirlpool.


 "Should I choose Shang Chi Wen’s invitation? After all, she is in charge of battle stage and will be a great help to our later plans." Shang Xin Ci voiced out.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: "It looks like there are nine invitations, but actually that is not the case. The biggest power among Shang clan young masters is Shang Qiu Niu who is the eldest son of the first wife and thus has the greatest advantage. Second faction is the alliance of Shang Pu Lao, Shang Suan Ni and Shang Bi Xi; this faction is currently in the limelight. Third faction is the alliance of Shang Chao Feng and Shang Fu Xi who are currently biding their time. Among the rest, Shang Chi Wen does not have any ambitions while Shang Pi Xiu is too playful..."


 "Xin Ci, your foundation in Shang clan city is too weak. If you are going to choose, you need to choose between these three factions to make up for your weakness. As for Shang Chi Wen, there won’t be much of a difference whether you choose her or not."


 "So it was like this..." Shang Xin Ci’s eyes brightened as she listened.


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s words, she felt like she had dispelled the fog around her and was looking at the clear sky.


 The bewilderment she was feeling earlier was swept away. She thought a little and made her choice.


 She chose the third faction, Shang Chao Feng’s invitation.


 "Among the three factions, the first and second faction are competing against each other; I will definitely be offending the other if I choose one of them. It is better to choose the third faction and enter this political whirlpool, but still stay out of it for the time being." Shang Xin Ci explained to Fang Yuan.


 Shang Xin Ci immediately understood with her high intelligence.


 Fang Yuan was happy at this but also felt a little irony.


 In his previous life, Shang Chao Feng and Shang Xin Ci fought and contended for Shang clan leader’s position. To think that in this life, these two arch-enemies would instead choose to walk together.


 Translator’s Thoughts


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral


 Liquor worm is back in action .


 It was said that Ren Zu dug out his two eyes which turned into a son and a daughter; the son was Verdant Great Sun and the daughter was Desolate Ancient Moon.


 Verdant Great Sun liked to drink wine a lot, one time he caused an incident while being drunk and was trapped at the depths of the ordinary abyss. In the end, he profited from the disaster and obtained reputation Gu which looked like chrysanthemum, and was able to escape alive.


 Because of reputation Gu, Verdant Great Sun’s reputation gradually became bigger. Soon, news that Verdant Great Sun was a huge drunkard spread all over the world.


 One day, a group of tiger-striped honey bees brought their beehive and found Verdant Great Sun.


 "Verdant Great Sun, we heard you really liked drinking wine and you have been saying the wine made by the four heaven and earth monkeys are the most delicious in the world. But how could the wine they brewed compare to our honey wine? Today, we have specially brought our honey for you to have a taste."


 Each of these honey bees was the size of a leopard with patterns on their body resembling tiger stripes; golden with black stripes on top. They were speaking politely but their tone contained a threatening and forceful intent.


 Verdant Great Sun complained in his heart, this was truly misfortune befalling on someone who merely stayed home . Tiger-striped honey bees were very powerful, he was not a match against one of them, let alone a whole group.


 Verdant Great Sun could only reluctantly taste the honey wine inside the beehive.


 He had only taken a sip when his eyes brightened.


 Honey wine was sweet but not overly sweet, the wine fragrance was mellow and very delicious, absolutely a treasure of the world!


 "Delicious, delicious, really delicious. This honey wine makes one feel like the most fortunate person in the world!" Verdant Great Sun drank a mouthful of wine, praising it to the high heavens.


 Tiger-striped honey bees laughed, feeling very happy.


 The leader asked Verdant Great Sun: "The tell us which tastes more delicious, our honey wine or the wines of the four heaven and earth monkeys?"


 Verdant Great Sun was already drunk and forgot about the terror of the tiger-striped honey bees, speaking frankly: "They all have their own merits, it is very difficult to compare them."


 Tiger-striped honey bees were furious: He said our wine is actually at the same level as those mere monkeys? This Verdant Great Sun is too hateful, we need to teach him a lesson!


 They were just about to attack when suddenly Verdant Great Sun disappeared.


 This intoxication of Verdant Great Sun lasted for seven days and seven nights.


 In his haziness, he heard a voice call calling out for him from the darkness: "Verdant Great Sun, wake up quick. If you don’t wake up, you will be eaten..."


 Verdant Great Sun was startled awake.


 He discovered he was bound up and was being carried by a group of savage people.


 This group of savage people had hair all over their body and their two eyes were dark blue. There was already a bonfire burning and above the bonfire was a cauldron.


 The savage people quietly sat down, speaking pleasant sounding words.


 "We are refining eternal Gu and were just lacking a human to be the catalyst. Now heaven has sent us Verdant Great Sun, it is truly worthy of celebration!"


 "Human is the spirit of all living beings, Ren Zu is the spirit ancestor. Verdant Great Sun was born from his left eye and has ample spiritual energy. The way I see it, the refinement will succeed this time!"


 "Throw him into the cauldron quick, we will obtain eternal Gu and live for eternity..."


 Verdant Great Sun turned pale from fright at these words; immediately shouting out and struggling with all his strength.


 However, these savage people remained unmoved.


 At this very moment, Verdant Great Sun again heard the voice from before in his mind.


 "Sigh, it is no use. These savages are the hairy men, loved by the world. They have an innate talent in refining Gu worms."


 Verdant Great Sun instantly forgot his predicament and curiously asked in his mind: "Who are you?"


 That voice laughed: "I am divine travel Gu, as long as any person drinks four different top-tier wines in the world, they will give birth to me in their hearts. I can let you teleport to any place you wish."


 Verdant Great Sun was exulted: "Then, please quickly bring me out of here."


 Divine travel Gu sighed: "It is no use. You can only use me when you are drunk. Your mind is sober now and so you can’t use me."


 Verdant Great Sun suddenly realized: "So that is why I was trapped in the isolated island and almost starved to death that time. Fortunately, I obtained reputation Gu and could leave the ordinary abyss. So it was you who harmed me!"


 Divine travel Gu replied: "Sigh, human, I did not have any intent to harm you, it was all because you used my strength after you became drunk. You don’t need to blame me, last time you were almost captured by the tiger-striped honey bees, but you were able to escape thanks to me. One harm and one rescue, we can call it even."


 Verdant Great Sun also thought of the tiger-striped honey bees and no longer blamed divine travel Gu.


 He was thrown into the cauldron by the hairy men.


 The huge fire was burning hotter under the cauldron and the liquid temperature inside also soared.


 "Add agates and red pepper!" A hairy man threw precious agates and red pepper into the cauldron.


 The liquid inside the cauldron immediately changed to red and dyed Verdant Great Sun’s body red.


 "Add blue smoke fox child !" A hairy man grabbed a small fox and threw it into the cauldron.


 The small fox’s whole body was hairy and looked extremely cute with its eyes like black diamonds. But the moment it touched the liquid, it turned into blue smoke and blended into the water.


 The liquid in the cauldron slowly boiled and Verdant Great Sun also felt more despair, feeling it would be difficult to escape the disaster this time.


 Hairy men continued to add in many supplementary materials and Gu worms.


 "Add vanity Gu!" A hairy man threw a Gu into the cauldron.


 This Gu was strange and looked like a huge blue crab. But different from real crabs, its crab shell was hollow.


 The moment it saw Verdant Great Sun, the huge crab like vanity Gu was very excited: "You, you are Verdant Great Sun? I have heard about you, but had never expected I would meet you here, it is really my good fortune. I am too happy, too excited."


 Verdant Great Sun gave a bitter smile: "How can it be good fortune when we are about to die."


 "I don’t care about death. I only wanted to ask, how did you become so famous? I really admire you! I have the utmost admiration for people like you." Vanity Gu asked with urgency.


 "I am not in the mood to talk about this now, I need to escape." Verdant Great Sun struggled in the cauldron and tried to climb up, but was quickly pressed down into the cauldron by a watching hairy man.


 "Quick, tell me, tell me quick!" Vanity Gu was not tactful and wholeheartedly wanted to ask for guidance.


 Verdant Great Sun furiously rebuked: "Can’t you see the situation we are in now?"


 Vanity Gu opened its eyes wide and started at Verdant Great Sun before it beamed with pleasure: "I understand, I understand now. If I want to be popular, I need to endure the heat. Thank you for the guidance, thank you. Verdant Great Sun, as thanks, I will do a favor for you."


 Saying so, the vanity Gu exploded.


 This explosion was not intense and was very light, only giving off a soft ’bang’ sound. The vanity Gu turned into a formless poisonous wind and attacked the hearts of all the hairy men.


 The crystal clear dark blue eyes of the hairy men turned red.


 Verdant Great Sun was dazed for a good while, before coming back to his senses. He could not help sighing at vanity Gu’s sacrifice, and immediately shouted: "Although you hairy men can refine Gu, but it is nothing. Even if you all live for eternity, so what? You are so ugly with hair all over your body, you are simply an abomination."


 The hairy men were stupefied.


 If it was before, they would not care about Verdant Great Sun.


 But now, the poison of vanity had spread in the depths of their hearts, shrouding their intelligence.


 Hearing Verdant Great Sun’s shouts, the hairy men started refuting loudly: "Nonsense, nonsense! We hairy men are the most perfect, there can be nothing more beautiful than hair all over the body!"


 Verdant Great Sun was suddenly hit by an inspiration: "No matter how beautiful your hair is, could it be as beautiful as my hair?"


 Because he had drank vajra monkey’s strong wine, his hair had become blazing fire.


 The hairy men were baffled at his words.


 The beautiful fire was flickering and changing all the time. Even they could not help but admit the movement of Verdant Great Sun’s hair was beautiful.


 Verdant Great Sun continued to stimulate them: "Even if you obtain eternity, you won’t be as beautiful as me! Look at my hair, it is as colorful and charismatic as fire."


 The hairy men were spurred on by Verdant Great Sun, and finally someone could not endure it: "You have such amazing hair, I will have it too. Look at mine!"


 He then used a fire torch to ignite his whole body.


 The hair on his body burned and he became a fiery man.


 "Hahaha, you only have beautiful hair, but my whole body is beautiful now." This hairy man shouted.


 Soon, the other hairy men also rushed to do the same.


 All of them became fiery men, the fire burned them and the intense pain caused them to howl in pain.


 But when they realized this, it was too late for them to extinguish the fire, and bombastically displayed their beauty.


 Divine travel Gu was overjoyed and praised Verdant Great Sun endlessly: "Human, you are really clever, actually thinking of this method."


 Verdant Great Sun escaped out of the cauldron and succeeded in surviving. He replied in his mind with a cold smile: "It is not me who is clever. It is the vanity in people that have turned them stupid. They often silently endure pain for false beauty, giving up the goals they should truly pursue."


 ......


 Grand white moon gold, skull stones, dragon-side tooth, young autumn grass along with fifty primeval stones, a flower boar Gu and a boar cage Gu.


 This was handed to Fang Yuan as the materials for Gu refinement.


 In front of him, the hairy man was already sitting cross-legged on the ground and refining Gu.


 Although Fang Yuan was not a refinement path Gu Master, he had ventured into the refinement path in his previous life and knew many recipes.


 Right now, he had three choices, every choice would refine a new Gu.


 The inheritance did not mention which Gu he had to refine, this meant the Gu he refined needed to be better than the hairy man.


 Fang Yuan looked at the process of the hairy man refining Gu and could already guess what he was going to refine.


 He sneered inwardly, but on his face appeared a respectful and flattering smile: "Lord hairy man, you are really amazing. The method of your Gu refinement really makes this one sigh in amazement. You are a Gu refinement grandmaster, there is no Gu in this world which you can’t refine."


 "Ah? Haha! You... tactful." The hairy man laughed loudly, clearly happy.


 This distraction immediately caused the Gu refinement to fail.


 The hairy man’s expression suddenly changed and shouted in fear: "No!"


 But it was already late.


 Heavenly power descended as lightning and struck the hairy man into ashes.


 "Hehe." Fang Yuan indifferently laughed and collected the materials in his hand. Under the paper crane Gu’s lead, he slowly walked towards the next round.



***
Chapter 358: New Trump Card


***





 Chapter 358: New Trump Card


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Light dispersed and a Gu slowly landed onto Fang Yuan’s palm.


 This was water cage Gu which was used especially to capture wild Gu worms and was very effective.


 The hairy man in front was in the process of refining Gu. When he saw Fang Yuan was already done, he immediately let out a desperate howl.


 Thunder crackled in the sky and the hairy man was killed.


 Similar to King Quan Inheritance, King Xin Inheritance was also extremely cruel. Gu Masters had to tread through blood and death to move a step forward.


 Fang Yuan sighed and stored the water cage Gu before continuing forward.


 If he remembered correctly, this was already the thirty-second round in King Xin Inheritance.


 King Xin Inheritance was an inheritance related to refinement path. The difficulty increased every ten rounds and the hairy men that appeared also became smarter and stronger.


 In the early twenty or so rounds, Fang Yuan was able to rely on his speech to flatter the hairy men and disrupt their concentration, causing their Gu refinement to fail and give him effortless victories.


 But starting from thirtieth round, the hairy men that appeared were huge and had remarkable intelligence; Fang Yuan could only compete fairly.


 But fortunately, the Gu refinement materials of the first twenty rounds were accumulated by Fang Yuan and gave him ample options in refining Gu.


 These Gu refinement materials could be saved by the Gu Masters and used for future rounds.


 This was also a trick King Xin had left behind when she set up his inheritance. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, this trick was made public only after a year. Right now, it was a secret, even if some people realized this trick, the number was only a small fraction of the participants.


 Fang Yuan was able to rush forward like this because of his plentiful accumulation and his previous life’s experiences. His achievement here were even better than at King Quan Inheritance.


 From fortieth round, the difficulty of King Xin Inheritance increased by several folds.


 At this stage, Gu Masters could use one of their Gu. But in King Xin Inheritance, the Gu they use must be of refinement path.


 Fang Yuan did not have any refinement path Gu, the materials on him were also almost used up.


 He began to feel the difficulty of advancing forward.


 It was become very difficult to cross each round.


 What was good was that after fortieth round, King Xin Inheritance gave the Gu Masters a corresponding reward.


 These rewards could be refinement path Gu worms, recipes, primeval stones and so on, and were very generous.


 When Fang Yuan broke through to forty-fourth round, he was given an opportunity to leave. He took this opportunity and left King Xin Inheritance.


 The time he spent this time in King Xin Inheritance was even longer than in King Quan Inheritance.


 Returning to San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan found Tie clan’s purple light barrier was still standing tall. Tie clan’s four old-timers were very patient and did not enter three kings inheritance; Bai Ning Bing was still trapped.


 The three light pillars on the mountain peaks had already shrunk down to a cup sized thickness.


 But as long as the light pillars existed, even if it was only the thickness of a tiny needle, it meant the doors had not closed and people could still enter.


 But every time the inheritance opened up, no matter which inheritance of three kings inheritance Gu Masters chose, they could only enter one time.


 Fang Yuan looked for Li Xian and made another transaction again.


 Li Xian received many things from Fang Yuan and was inwardly startled.


 "I have a bad news for you. Tie clan’s four old-timers have already requested for support from their clan, Tie clan has already sent a group of reinforcements over and it might be unfavorable for sir."


 Fang Yuan was not surprised, this action of Tie clan’s four old-timers was also within his expectations: "Eh? Who did they send as reinforcements?"


 "The head is Tie clan’s Tie Ba Xiu, he is a strength path Gu Master with rank four upper stage cultivation. Besides him, there is also Tie Ruo Nan. She is one of the eight young masters of Tie clan and is a rising star who has been in limelight these two years! Every one of Tie clan’s eight young masters are dragons and phoenixes. Especially this Tie Ruo Nan, she is the daughter of Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng and already has rank four initial stage cultivation at such a young age."


 Li Xian placed emphasis on Tie Ruo Nan in this batch of reinforcements, and only gave small snippets of information regarding Tie Ba Xiu and others.


 Tie Ba Xiu was already a famous character and everyone knew of him. But Tie Ruo Nan was a rising star and could only be said to have some reputation and had yet to be famous around Southern Border.


 Li Xian, however, did not know Fang Yuan was familiar with Tie Ruo Nan.


 ’Sure enough, she advanced to rank four. Tie Ba Xiu, Tie clan indeed sent this group just like in my previous life...’ Fang Yuan pondered in his mind.


 Li Xian had been observing Fang Yuan’s expression the whole time, but seeing him remain calm, he was increasingly feeling more afraid.


 "Lord little beast king, when this batch of Tie clansmen arrives, Tie clan’s four old-timers will be free to deal with Bai Ning Bing. There is still time if you make a move now." Li Xian persuaded, with sincerity showing all over his face.


 "I will have to ask you to pay more attention to our future deals." Fang Yuan smiled and left the cave.


 The moment Fang Yuan left, Li Xian’s expression turned grave.


 His small eyes flashed with sharp light: "I have been fanning the flames to this extent but this little beast king remains unmoved. Is he really not worried about his partner’s safety? Could it be the relation between Bai Ning Bing and him is not as close as the rumors say? He is a man and Bai Ning Bing is so beautiful, he will definitely go rescue her. It seems I need to contact Hu Mei Er..."


 Riling up people’s emotions had become basic nature to him. He watched others fight and fished in troubled water, obtaining huge benefits.


 "Is this true?" Hu Mei Er’s eyes brightened with high spirits when she got the news from Li Xian.


 "Why would I deceive my darling?" Li Xian smiled while caressing Hu Mei Er’s waist.


 Hu Mei Er smiled tenderly and threw herself into Li Xian’s chest, acting coquettishly: "It is still big brother Li Xian who loves me the most."


 .....


 A round pearl quietly rested on Fang Yuan’s palm.


 It was golden all over and was only the size of a thumb. In the dusky cave, the pearl let out faint golden luster.


 This was a yellow gold relic Gu, rank four Gu!


 This Gu’s market supply was strictly controlled by all great clans. Even Li Xian could not get it.


 It was all because this Gu could directly raise a rank four Gu Master’s cultivation by a small realm. Rank four and rank five were already the higher-ups of a clan; a yellow gold relic Gu could change the power structure of the higher-ups.


 "I was quite lucky this time, actually receiving a yellow gold relic Gu as reward in King Xin Inheritance." Fang Yuan sighed before activating this Gu with a thought.


 Yellow gold relic Gu immediately turned into golden ray of light and entered Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 The ninety percent primeval sea in Fang Yuan’s aperture surged and ebbed. In the center, Spring Autumn Cicada appeared and disappeared at times.


 When yellow gold relic Gu entered the aperture, it was firmly suppressed by the indistinct aura of Spring Autumn Cicada. Fang Yuan could only make Spring Autumn Cicada conceal itself then use yellow gold relic Gu.


 A ball of golden light immediately spread and covered the whole aperture. Bright golden primeval essence converged together, cleansing the aperture walls.


 A night passed and when the light of clear dawn shone upon San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.


 Rank four middle stage!


 If he used nine eyes liquor worm, he would possess rank four upper stage essence gold primeval essence!


 This moment, he had officially surpassed Bai Ning Bing in cultivation. At the same time, the stable aperture walls could bear even more of Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure now, somewhat delaying this death warrant.


 "Next, it is refining Gu..."


 Fang Yuan did not urgently use liquor worm, but instead took out a Gu.


 This Gu was a ball of bone the size of a quail egg. On the surface, there were alternating black and white stripes like on a zebra.


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing had once used this to soar to the skies.


 This was the footless bird.


 Although it was only at rank three, it could move ten thousand miles and was the number one mount under rank five. But it had a great a weakness - it could only fly once.


 The moment it landed, it was the moment of its death.


 This footless bird Gu was also obtained from King Xin Inheritance as a reward for Fang Yuan.


 Nine palace flowers, aspiring stone, golden crow’s essence, chilling grass... Fang Yuan threw all these materials into the footless bird Gu and also constantly threw in primeval stones.


 Most of these Gu refinement materials were materials Fang Yuan had remaining from King Xin Inheritance, while a portion was bought from Li Xian.


 He used up a total of a hundred and eighty thousand primeval stones before the Gu refinement finished.


 Bone wings Gu!


 It was a rank four Gu. It looked like a feather, was spotless white, had bony texture and was light as a feather.


 Under Fang Yuan’s will, this Gu flew towards his back and spread, forming into something resembling two pairs of folded wings that covered almost all of Fang Yuan’s back.


 He poured primeval essence into the bone wings Gu... suddenly, intense pain attacked him as countless bones grew out from his backbone and ribs. The bony outgrowth pierced through his flesh and grew out before converging together and forming two enormous bone wings.


 These bone wings were like the wings on a bird; wide and long. When folded up, the tail of the wings could touch the ground. The current Fang Yuan was truly an eight foot tall man.


 Whoosh!


 There was a soft sound as the bone wings stretched out. The cave did not look so spacious anymore.


 Normal bone wings were spotless white. But the bone wings on Fang Yuan was not only pitch black, but also let out a metallic luster like that of steel and iron.


 This was because Fang Yuan’s skeleton surpassed ordinary, having been reformed by iron bone Gu and at the same time, he had constantly been using rank four essence iron bone recently.


 This led to Fang Yuan’s bone wings to far surpass other people’s in terms of sturdiness. Rather than to say they were only bone wings, it was better to say they were iron bone wings!


 Fang Yuan softly flapped the wings, there was only a blowing sound before a strong whirlwind blew up.


 Bone wings could be used as he wished and was like a natural part of his body.


 Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction.


 Ordinary Gu Masters were rather cautious in using bone wings Gu. They would often train for two to three years before they were able to fly. If it were to be used in battle, they would have to train even longer, at least five years and above.


 After all, humans were creatures who walked on the ground and not flying creatures.


 However, Fang Yuan had no such problem.


 After five hundred years in his previous life, he had similarly gained plentiful experiences terms of flying.


 One could well imagine, if he suddenly used them, it was sure to catch his enemies off guard.


 His newly advanced cultivation and bone wings Gu became the new trump cards of Fang Yuan!


 "Now, it is time to deal with Bai Ning Bing’s matter." Fang Yuan kept the bone wings, a chilling light flashing past his eyes.



***
Chapter 359: Obstruction


***





 Chapter 359: Obstruction


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 A group of seven people silently moved through a forest.


 ’We have been hurrying on our way without resting all these days and are already very close to San Cha mountain.’ Tie Ba Xiu thought while rushing through the forest, stepping across stones and tree roots.


 He was tall and had a buff physique, on his square face was a steady expression which gave a feeling of reliability.


 His cultivation was rank four upper stage and his fame had spread throughout Southern Border. When he was young, he was spurned by the clan, pushed aside and forced to drift outside.


 Then he encountered a righteous Gu Master inheritance and changed to strength path, making his name renowned in the world.


 Now, he was a famous character of the righteous path. With rank five Gu ’earth overlord’, he was called ’present age overlord’ and had battle strength that surpassed ordinary rank four peak stage!


 ’At present, there are five rank four peak stage Gu Masters on San Cha mountain; Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong, Kong Ri Tian, Wu Shen Tong and Yi Huo. Among them, Yi Huo’s battle prowess is very high and will be the strongest opponent. In addition to this, there will be more and more formidable characters who will join this struggle. It is just that I do not know what Tie Ruo Nan has planned.’


 Thinking of this, Tie Ba Xiu could not help turning his gaze towards Tie Ruo Nan who was running beside him.


 Although he had impressive battle prowess, in the group that was sent over this time by the clan, he was not the head. Rather, it was a young junior - Tie Ruo Nan!


 After Tie Ruo Nan returned to the clan, she cultivated hard and displayed extremely strong aptitude and talent. Now, she was already one of the Tie clan’s eight young masters. She was meticulous, sensitive to the smallest details and was already being called ’little divine investigator’. She was the strongest rising star that emerged in Tie clan these years, she was gradually soaring up and was being watched by many.


 This time, when the four old-timers requested for reinforcements, the clan made an exception and appointed Tie Ruo Nan as the leader of this group. Even Tie Ba Xiu, this famous senior had to obey her orders. This showed how much the Tie clan higher ups expected from her.


 Tie Ba Xiu only took a glance before retracting his gaze.


 He was not in the least bit concerned about the clan’s arrangement and was also not jealous.


 Tie Ba Xiu was very loyal to the clan; for the clan’s future hope, he was willing to be an assistant, willing to become a stepping stone.


 In fact, when he was down and out, he had received Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng’s help. Tie Ba Xiu had always felt grateful towards him and with the interaction over these days, he sensed Tie Ruo Nan’s brilliance.


 "As expected of Divine Investigator’s daughter! Big Brother Xue Leng, you have a worthy successor, you can rest assured in the afterlife." Tie Ba Xiu was gratified.


 He was very satisfied with Tie Ruo Nan. Not only did he admire her cultivation talents, he admired her leadership capability even more.


 Outstanding young Gu Masters had gathered around Tie Ruo Nan. Not mentioning anything else, one just needed to look at the current group of people.


 Tie Mu, rank three peak stage Gu Master, looked gentlemanly and was brimming with talent. He had received many invitations but he chose to join Tie Ruo Nan.


 Tie Ao Kai, rank three upper stage, he might look dazed and sleepy, but in the field of investigative ability, he had true prowess.


 There was also Tie Dao Ku, an offense Gu Master with outstanding battle prowess. He had once served another young master but was now recruited by Tie Ruo Nan.


 Tie Xian Hua, one of the beauties in the clan, young and beautiful. Even clan elders praised her defensive abilities.


 These talents gathered under Tie Ruo Nan and would become her crew. Tie Ba Xiu seemed to see the radiant scene where this crew endlessly grew and assisted Tie Ruo Nan in ascending to the position of clan leader.


 Each one of the eight young masters of Tie clan had a chance to contend for clan leader’s position!


 As they ran quickly, lights and shadows fluctuated in their vision and green light shone on Tie Ruo Nan’s face.


 Her slender legs revealed her youthful beauty as she ran through the forest.


 Having gained much experiences these years, Tie Ruo Nan had clearly matured. Her brows were sharp as sword and her eyes shone like the stars; when one looked at her from the side, one could feel her power. Her thick eyelashes shaded the resolute light in her eyes.


 "San Cha mountain!"


 She recited this name in her mind.


 She had already received news about San Cha mountain. And she was even aware that San Cha mountain had become a place of unstable changes, a struggling whirlpool that swallowed lives, engulfing countless people of both demonic and righteous paths.


 Originally, Tie Ruo Nan had not thought of participating. But an unexpected information made her realize there were hidden details regarding Qing Mao mountain back then.


 Her father Tie Xue Leng lost his life at Qing Mao mountain; a hero of a generation had fallen.


 Anything that concerned her father, she had to check it out. Thus, she personally accepted the order and hurried to San Cha mountain.


 "Bai Ning Bing... Fang Zheng... the truth about Qing Mao mountain, I will get to the bottom of it!"


 The group moved forward.


 The group of seven moved in an standard battle formation.


 The investigative Gu Master Tie Ao Kai was at front, Tie Ruo Nan and Tie Ba Xiu was at middle. Healing Gu Master was at the rear with defensive Gu Master Tie Xian Hua beside him.


 No matter what the terrain was, the battle formation showed no signs of disorder. No matter what happened, this group responded to it at the first sight and was not caught unprepared.


 "Who is it?!"


 Suddenly, Tie Ao Kai who was at the front stopped and shouted, alerting the group.


 Something happened!


 The whole group swiftly came to a stop, the formation changed slightly to form into the best battle array; it was both closely linked and was also faintly loose to leave a way for retreat.


 They could attack if they progressed, and defend if they retreated.


 A person who crossed his arms and was standing on a boulder, glanced down at this group of people.


 He was tall, with strong back and narrow waist, although he was not exaggeratedly muscular, he still gave a feeling of sturdiness.


 He was wearing tight-fitting black clothes, he was standing there alone but it felt like a mountain was standing.


 Especially, his black pupils, they were dark as abyss and gave an unfathomable feeling.


 "Fang Zheng!" Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils shrunk when she saw this person and blurted out.


 This person was indeed Fang Yuan.


 "Tie Ruo Nan, we meet again." The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a smile, a grim intent was revealed from his expression.


 Little beast king!


 Tie Ba Xiu’s eyes narrowed and a severe light flashed past them.


 The other five people of the group were behaving like they were facing a great enemy. They were very well equipped with intel and knew the person in front of them; a rising star of the demonic path with outstanding battle prowess, his actions were wild and unrestrained - an extremely dangerous character!


 "Fang Zheng, I trust you have been since we last met?" Tie Ruo Nan revealed a complicated expression on her face and continued after a sigh, "Fang Zheng, you came to compromise? Actually, there is nothing to it. I know the struggles of three kings inheritance, you either live or die, there are no ways for retreat. Bai Ning Bing ran into my Tie clan’s Gu Master and killed him in as a last-ditch move. I have friendly relations with you both, how about this, come to Tie clan as a guest, explain the matter clearly and redeem this sin by doing some assignments for Tie clan. I can plea for leniency for you and Tie clan won’t pursue this matter anymore."


 When she was speaking, Tie Ao Kai nervously activated his Gu to secretly scan his surroundings.


 It was truly strange Fang Yuan appeared alone. Maybe there were others lying in ambush!


 Fang Yuan could not help but sneer at Tie Ruo Nan’s words: "Sin? She only killed a person, what sin is there? The only slight difference is this person has a somewhat tougher background, that’s all. Tie Ruo Nan, I didn’t think you were so childish. Thinking of luring me into going to Tie clan, and capture me there? When I enter Tie clan, I will be a dragon swimming in shallow water, a tiger moving in plain sight , wouldn’t I be completely at your mercy then?"


 Tie Ruo Nan deeply furrowed her brows: "Fang Zheng, you have changed a lot over these years. You feel no guilt over killing a person? Anyway, I am not telling lies. I pledge on my honor that I will guarantee your safety and guarantee you will be given fair trial."


 Fang Yuan scoffed: "Is your Tie clan considered safe? At the moment, Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng has been causing havoc at Tie clan, even infiltrating Demon Suppression Tower. Your Tie clan can’t even help yourselves, can you guarantee my safety? Laughable, truly laughable."


 "What? The clan has kept the news regarding Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng confidential. He is an outsider and has also been staying far away here at San Cha mountain, how could he be so clear of the matter?"


 The seven people of Tie clan turned pale.


 Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng was a rank five expert, the matter of him infiltrating Demon Suppression Tower had already caused a lot of disturbance in Tie clan’s higher ups.


 Tie clan had always viewed itself as the holy land of the righteous path, its Demon Suppression Tower was even a renowned prison for the demonic path, but Lu Zuan Feng entered and left it as he pleased. This level of humiliation and disgrace was tightly guarded and kept a secret by Tie clan; even top clans like Wu clan and Shang clan had no knowledge of it.


 However, this little beast king unexpectedly knew it!


 "Do you really believe such nonsense?" Tie Ba Xiu could not help but refuse it as it concerned the reputation of Tie clan.


 "Leader, there are no one in the surroundings, he is alone." At this time, Tie Ao Kai reported in a soft voice.


 A bright light immediately flashed through Tie Ruo Nan’s mind and she fixed her gaze at Fang Yuan: "Fang Zheng, I understand your intent. You want to use this information to blackmail us and exchange for Bai Ning Bing’s life? We can do that! But we need to know how you you came to know about this secret. Otherwise, we will absolutely not let her go."


 Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed loudly: "Tie Ruo Nan, you are truly naive. I just spoke those words casually. You still don’t understand the purpose of me coming here? Don’t you know there is a battle tactic called besiege an enemy stronghold in order to strike at the reinforcements ?"


 "What, you want to go against us?" Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils slightly widened, revealing an inconceivable expression.


 The others also looked at Fang Yuan as if they were looking at an idiot.


 We are a group of seven while you are just by yourself. We have rank four upper stage senior Tie Ba Xiu, rank four initial stage Tie Ruo Nan, and five rank three Gu Masters, each of them an expert. Just you alone wants to go against us?


 "Has this little beast king lost his mind? Is there a problem with his brain?" For a moment, everyone had this thought.


 Fang Yuan knew their thoughts as he looked at the change in their expression and eyes.


 He did not feel like refuting them. With a cold smile, he suddenly pounced towards the group from high above like a northern goshawk.


 "He really attacked?"


 "Looking for death!"


 The seven people were both startled and furious.


 "No, this aura, how could he be at rank four middle stage?!"


 Next instance, the seven all felt their hearts thump as they sensed the aura on Fang Yuan.


 Facts speak louder than words.


 "Rank four middle stage! Not initial stage?" Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes opened wide and was stunned at the revelation.



***
Chapter 360: One vs Seven (1\/4)


***





 Chapter 360: One vs Seven (1/4)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan had been using breath concealment Gu and restrained his aura as much as possible. But now that he made a move, his true aura exploded out.


 Add in to that, Tie Ruo Nan’s group had the preconceived belief that Fang Yuan had rank four initial stage cultivation. Thus, for a moment, this seven person group was very surprised.


 "Rank four middle stage, this little beast king is so young but has surpassed young master Ruo Nan!"


 "Rank four middle stage, no wonder he could be so arrogant."


 "So what if he is at rank four middle stage? He actually dared to approach us alone, he is simply seeking his own doom!"


 ...


 All sorts of thoughts flashed in the Tie clan’s group’s minds.


 Thud!


 A dull sound echoed; Tie Ba Xiu came back to his senses the fastest and stiffly struck against Fang Yuan’s fists in mid-air.


 Tie Ba Xiu stably fell to the ground while Fang Yuan was sent flying.


 "Fang Zheng, you want to find trouble with us just by yourself? I know you want to rescue your partner Bai Ning Bing, but think it over. You can’t act rashly in a matter of rescuing someone, it is still not too late for you to pull back. If you continue to fight, you will truly be setting yourself against our Tie clan! If that happens, your partner’s life will also be on the line." Tie Ba Xiu expressed himself in few words, seemingly earnest, but was in truth attempting to break Fang Yuan’s fighting spirit; truly proving old ginger is hotter than new.


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan chuckled and looked at Tie Ba Xiu and the rest, his gaze completely exposed his killing intent, "So what if you are Tie clan? So what if I oppose you? If I really can’t save Bai Ning Bing, then I can only blame it on her bad luck. In any case, I already did my best."


 Such ruthless and indifference caused the Tie clan’s seven people to feel a chill in their hearts.


 Fang Yuan turned towards Tie Ao Kai: "You over there, you don’t need to scout anymore, it is just me alone. Frankly, this path you guys chose is really good, very hidden and very suitable for me to kill you all."


 Hearing these words, Tie Ba Xiu’s expression completely turned dark.


 "Fang Zheng, you are seeking your own death!"


 "Death?" Fang Yuan started laughing loudly without any restraint.


 "Is this guy crazy?"


 "Has little beast king going mad from cultivation and lost his mind?"


 "Demonic path people are all lunatics like this!"


 The group all felt the situation was going to be problematic from the unbridled laughter of Fang Yuan.


 Fierce people were afraid of unreasonable people and unreasonable people were afraid of those that did not care about death. Despite there being seven people in Tie clan’s side and Fang Yuan was alone, the Tie clan’s group felt fear.


 This type of lunatic that was suicidal and did not care about his own life, what was there that he could not do?


 Fang Yuan suddenly stopped laughing and stepped forward producing a loud sound. Like a tiger that left the mountain, he resumed his attacks again.


 "Fight!" Tie Ruo Nan shouted with a heavy expression, knowing this fight was inevitable.


 Tie Ba Xiu retreated and stood beside Tie Ruo Nan; Tie Dao Ku and Tie Xian Hua moved to the front together; and Tie Ao Kai started running at the side.


 The whole formation was instantly loosened up like a sack being opened, displaying their skilled battle tactics coordination.


 Charging crash Gu!


 Fang Yuan rushed forward like a bull, the stones under him were smashed as he moved with powerful momentum and penetrated into Tie clan’s ’sack’ without any fear.


 "Little beast king, you are simply too arrogant!" Tie Xian Hua shouted in her delicate voice and stretched out the five fingers of her right hand.


 There was a soft sound and an enormous black golden lotus flower blossomed instantly from her palm.


 The lotus bloomed, its huge petals were bent down, forming arcs like an umbrella. The dark green lotus stalk continued to grow and in a blink of an eye was over an arm’s size, becoming the handle of the umbrella.


 Tie Xian Hua plucked this lotus with her left hand and then charged towards Fang Yuan while holding the dark green lotus stalk.


 Umbrella lotus Gu!


 Tie Xian Hua was petite while the umbrella lotus was huge and completely covered her, becoming a shield and firmly protecting her.


 Fang Yuan sneered, a white elephant phantom appeared above him.


 Beast phantom, the strength of an elephant!


 Bam!


 With no surprise, Fang Yuan sent Tie Xian Hua, who was blocking his path, flying.


 Tie Xian Hua flew a whole ten feet like a dead leaf blown by the wind.


 "What great strength!" She gritted her teeth, enduring the intense pain from the collision. She twisted her body in the midair and quickly found a balance, landing on the ground without falling.


 But the expected attack did not follow, Fang Yuan ignored her existence and directly charged towards Tie Ruo Nan.


 "Damn it, he is going after young master!"


 "We must block him, protect young master!"


 The battle will and killing intent of the group was ignited when they saw Fang Yuan targeting Tie Ruo Nan.


 Tie Ruo Nan half-kneeled, her two hands were pressed on the ground; from the moment the battle started, she was creating a puppet.


 Plants grew wildly near her.


 The fragile grass beside her feet grew to an adult man’s height. Dozens of huge grass intertwined; in the emerald-green light, a grassman puppet was created.


 Grass puppet Gu!


 Fang Yuan had seen rank one grass puppet Gu at Qing Mao mountain. It was used as a target for practicing moon blades.


 Rank one grass puppet Gu was of no threat but once it reached rank two, it could easily kill an ordinary hunter. The one Tie Ruo Nan was using right now was rank three grass puppet Gu.


 The grassman puppet she created was short and thin, the leaves tightly weaved together, its one hand was holding a bamboo blade and another hand was raising a rattan shell shield.


 This was rattan shell grass soldier! It possessed the strength to kill a rank one Gu Master!


 Just one rattan shell grass soldier was no threat to Fang Yuan. But once their numbers increased, they became troublesome.


 Rattan shell grass soldier were often used as cannon fodder to consume the opposing Gu Master’s primeval essence. Most importantly, using a rank four Gu Master’s strength, a dozen rattan shell soldiers could combine into a rank four grass sword elite soldier.


 In this short moment, Tie Ruo Nan already had eighteen rattan shell grass soldiers beside her.


 "Tie Ruo Nan..." Fang Yuan was filled with killing intent, his icy and sharp gaze firmly locked on to Tie Ruo Nan.


 This woman possessed outstanding talents similar to Bai Ning Bing, and she had also investigated the affairs on Qing Mao mountain, she could not be left alive. Fang Yuan had already wanted to kill her back at Shang clan city, but the time had not been good then.


 Tie Ruo Nan did not budge. She chose to believe in her partners and was still creating rattan shell grass soldiers.


 "Block him!"


 Tie Ao Kai flung his sleeves and a large swarm of golden needle mosquitoes flew out.


 "Don’t even think of taking a step further!"


 Tie Dao Ku rushed towards Fang Yuan while activating hand blade Gu and swift shadow Gu.


 Fang Yuan laughed and directly clashed head-on without evading it.


 Golden needle mosquitoes pierced tiny blood holes all over his body. Tie Dao Ku’s arms struck his chest and slashed out long wounds.


 Fang Yuan howled with laughter, and stepped forward with his head high, blood flowing out from the wounds all over his body.


 "He is wounded!" The Tie clan group was solemn.


 If it were other enemies that were wounded, the Tie clan group would feel happy and relaxed, but Fang Yuan possessed bitter strength Gu; the heavier the injuries he suffered, the stronger his fighting strength became.


 Green bull, horse, stone turtle!


 Sure enough, three more beast phantoms appeared above Fang Yuan.


 He opened the way with his huge strength that could not be blocked!


 Tie Xian Hua rushed over and was casually sent flying by Fang Yuan. Tie Dao Ku helplessly retreated while Tie Ao Kai could only wander at the sidelines.


 "Good, tyrant strength Gu!" Fang Yuan was about to reach Tie Ruo Nan, when Tie Ba Xiu shouted and stepped forward.


 Bam!


 There was a huge explosive sound from the collision of the two. Both were sent back seven to eight steps.


 It was a draw!


 Fang Yuan had four beast phantoms, but Tie Ba Xiu was not famous for nothing; his rank four tyrant strength Gu was inherited from the ancient strength path and possessed the strength of a overlord.


 "Interesting, again!" Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly and he charged forward again.


 Tie Ba Xiu greeted him head-on, firmly blocking his way.


 Tie Dao Ku and others all let out a breath of turbid air, feeling relief as they looked at this scene.


 "Little beast king is finally stopped."


 "This is senior Tie Ba Xiu!"


 "Fang Zheng is trapped within our tight encirclement, he is sure to die!"


 The Tie clan group’s fighting spirit soared as Fang Yuan lost his momentum. In their eyes, he was like a bull that had fallen into trap, his threat had greatly decreased.


 All of them joined in to attack.


 All kinds of attacks like swarm of golden needle mosquitoes, flower rain and hand blades were thrown at Fang Yuan from all directions.


 Fang Yuan’s skin was torn open, the wounds on his body was becoming more serious and he had no choice but to use golden shield Gu to defend. At the same time, he also used self-reliance Gu to heal his body.


 The more he fought, the stronger he got, but Tie Ba Xiu was unexpectedly also the same!


 He possessed rank five earth overlord Gu which allowed him to absorb an endless amount of strength from the earth, making his tyrant strength Gu stronger and stronger.


 Tie Ba Xiu continuously activated earth overlord Gu, acquiring formless strength from the earth that empowered his tyrant strength Gu and continued to increase his strength.


 The battle was in a stalemate.


 Fang Yuan and Tie Ba Xiu fought intensely, beating each other up with punches and kicks; they were the center of the fight. Like human-shaped beasts, each of their moves carried heavy weight, and wherever the fight went, stones shattered and dust flew.


 Howl!


 Suddenly, there was a beast howl and a beast phantom appeared above Fang Yuan.


 Lightning curled around it, its tusks were exposed outside and it gave off extremely violent aura - thunder boar phantom!


 Tie Xian Hua who was blocking Fang Yuan’s path was suddenly sent flying.


 Umbrella lotus Gu broke and its petals scattered in the air.


 "Xian Hua, persevere!" Tie Mu rushed over and held Tie Xian Hua who was throwing up huge amounts of blood, and promptly began healing her.


 At the same time, a group of rattan shell grass soldiers came over and blocked any gaps in the surroundings, defending these two.


 By now, there were already close to a thousand rattan shell grass soldiers around Tie Ruo Nan and were already providing support in the battle. At the same time, she was continuously creating new grassman puppets.


 Tie Ruo Nan walked the enslavement path and one could not let an enslavement path Gu Master like her have enough time to prepare.


 Enslavement path Gu Masters were the best at fighting war of attrition, the longer the time passed, the more unfavorable Fang Yuan’s situation would be. The best answer was to directly murder the leader.


 But this tactic would not work.


 Fang Yuan was firmly entangled with Tie Ba Xiu now.


 "A ferocious junior!" Tie Ba Xiu could not help but feel admiration towards Fang Yuan in his heart.


 Even though he had already predicted it, the strength Fang Yuan displayed still shocked him.


 He had thought Fang Yuan’s power was due to the set of strength path Gu with him. Inheriting the precious Gu worms of ancient strength path and moreover, their coordination was also exquisite.


 However, as the battle progressed till this stage, Tie Ba Xiu could hardly dare to believe the shrewdness, ruthlessness, calmness and steadiness Fang Yuan displayed.


 "This lad’s battle talent... if I was not personally fighting him, I would never believe that there would be such a monster! He needs to be killed, I must kill him. He is even more dangerous than what the intel said, if we give him time to grow, it will be a calamity for the righteous path!" Tie Ba Xiu was shocked and his killing intent soared even more.



***
Chapter 361: One vs Seven (2\/4)


***





 Chapter 361: One vs Seven (2/4)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The battle carried on like wildfire.


 "Little beast king is this terrifying! We have so many people on our side but still can’t catch him!" Tie Mu looked at the battle while healing Tie Xian Hua, his expressions fluctuating endlessly.


 "His strength has improved by leaps and bounds, reaching this formidable stage now!" Tie Dao Ku looked at the battle in front, sensing he was already unable to interfere.


 "No wonder he arrogantly blocked us, such battle prowess... but even if he is more ferocious, what can he do? Two fists cannot rival four hands , the battle has reached this stage and we still have seven people! This is the cooperative strength of a group! Fang Zheng, this battle is your loss, no doubt." Tie Ruo Nan observed the battle situation from a tall boulder.


 In her sight, Tie Ba Xiu and five others surrounded Fang Yuan as a circle. And surrounding this was a large numbers of green ratten shell grass soldiers that had formed into a tight net.


 At the same time, some rattan shell grass soldiers were combining with each other to form rank four grass sword elite soldiers.


 "The outcome is a foregone conclusion. Little beast king, look at your surroundings! You are already heavily encircled, do you still want to persist obstinately? Let yourself be captured and maybe you can still have a way out!" Tie Xian Hua stood up and attempted to shake Fang Yuan’s fighting spirit.


 The injuries on her were already healed by Tie Mu and she now had the strength to fight again.


 "Fang Zheng, it is impossible for you to escape even if you grow wings 1 . This is the price for overestimating yourself!" Tie Mu added in from beside Tie Xian Hua.


 "Eh? Impossible to escape?" Fang Yuan suddenly exerted strength and forced back Tie Ba Xiu. A mocking smile appeared on his face, "Is it true that I can’t escape even if I grow wings ? I’ll give it a try."


 Whoosh!


 There was a sharp pain as a pair of pitch black bone wings with metallic luster stretched out fully from Fang Yuan’s back!


 "This is..."


 "He really has...?"


 "What!"


 In front of Tie clan group’s amazed gazes, Fang Yuan flapped the wings and softly lifted off from the ground and continued to rise higher, flying into the air.


 Tie Mu could never have expected his words to turn out to be a prophecy, and was baffled.


 "The intel did not say little beast king had a flying type Gu... this is clearly a rank four flying type Gu, how did he get it?" Tie Xian Hua stared with her eyes wide open in bewilderment.


 Flying type Gu were a type of movement Gu worms, they were rather expensive and also very rare, thus only few Gu Masters possessed them.


 "Fang Zheng can fly?! No wonder he arrogantly intercepted us." Tie Dao Ku immediately realized.


 Tie Ruo Nan’s expression also turned unsightly. Her ratten shell grass soldiers had no use against air targets. The moment Fang Yuan flew, an enormous hole immediately appeared in her painstakingly created layers of encirclement.


 "What are you all panicking for!" Right at this moment, Tie Ba Xiu’s loud shout echoed in everyone’s ears.


 This rank four upper stage strength path cultivator was a cornerstone of the Tie clan, and right now his eyes were bursting with bright light. His plentiful experiences allowed him to find out a weakness in Fang Yuan.


 "How can flying type Gu be easy to control? By nature, humans walk on the ground, if they want to fly and soar freely, they need a lot of painstaking practice! And to battle while flying? It needs even more bitter training! Even Verdant Great Sun, son of the great Ren Zu, died while flying. How much time could it have been since this little beast king obtained his flying type Gu?"


 Tie Ba Xiu words forced the Tie clan group to wake up and their spirits rose up again.


 "That’s right, the intel did not mention Fang Zheng having any flying type Gu. He definitely obtained the bone wings very recently!"


 "Flying needs a huge amount of practice, it is not something that can be picked up and used immediately. Little beast king is too naive."


 "The main thing is we are really fortunate to have senior Tie Ba Xiu by our side."


 Tie clan’s group regained their fighting spirit.


 "My long distance methods are lacking, you guys attack and take him down. Fang Zheng, you made an extremely stupid move! If you had continued to battle steadily, you could have still lasted for some time, but now you have trapped yourself." Tie Ba Xiu shouted loudly.


 "Eh? You think so...?" Fang Yuan smiled indifferently, a look of pity in his eyes.


 "Little beast king, you won’t be proud for long. Golden needle mosquito... huh." Tie Ao Kai wanted to attack when suddenly his expression turned stiff.


 In the battle just before, his golden needle mosquito Gu were already exhausted.


 It was all because he saw Fang Yuan not defending against the golden needle mosquitoes’ attack, thus using it readily. The battle was also very intense which made him forget the intense expenditure of the golden needle mosquitoes.


 "Not good, my star arrow Gu has already been destroyed by little beast king!"


 "Damn it, I only have two flower rain Gu remaining...."


 A similar situation played out on, more or less, everybody.


 Tie Ba Xiu’s heart sank, it turned out little beast king had already been ready and had all along been hiding his schemes deep within his heart.


 "It’s okay, I have blade qi Gu and can do long distance fight!" Tie Dao Ku stood up.


 "I have snowball Gu with me and can make little beast king suffer some consequences." Another Tie clan Gu Master also stood up.


 Many hands provide great strength ; there were seven people in this Tie clan group and thus they had plentiful methods. Even if Fang Yuan had aimed at this, he was not able to wipe out all their methods.


 "Little beast king, get down here!" Tie Dao Ku sent out a ray of blade qi.


 The blade qi whistled towards Fang Yuan, but Fang Yuan evaded it with a light flap of his wings.


 Three snowballs moved in to block Fang Yuan’s retreating path.


 Fang Yuan folded up his left wing and made an agile whirling movement, safely passing through the gaps between the snowballs.


 Tie Ba Xiu’s heart thumped at this scene and a bad feeling rose up: He evaded them so effortlessly, was that luck?


 Soon, the Tie clan group felt stunned and helpless as Fang Yuan agilely and confidently evaded countless attacks.


 "He has such a good control over flying type Gu!"


 "Damn it, our attacks simply can’t hit him."


 "My primeval essence is already running dry, blade qi Gu’s consumption is huge. It seems we can only let Fang Zheng escape this time."


 The Tie clan group’s attacks gradually became sparse.


 "Little beast king, I can’t help but admire you, you are indeed a great talent. Today, we made it easy for you to retreat, that is also because of your talent. But watch out for the next time we meet." Tie Ruo Nan warned in a heavy voice.


 Fang Yuan seemed to have heard the most ridiculous joke in the world and started laughing loudly.


 "What are you laughing at?" The ominous feeling in Tie Ba Xiu’s heart became even more intense...


 "Hahaha, of course I am laughing at your naivety. Why would I run? The real battle has only begun!" After saying this, Fang Yuan activated all-out effort Gu and strength qi Gu at the same time.


 Green bull, horse, stone turtle, white elephant and black python; five beast phantoms turned solid and slammed down.


 Bam! Bam! Bam!


 In an instant, the battlefield shook, stones crumbled and dust flew everywhere. Ratten shell grass soldiers were sent flying or destroyed and the Tie clan group retreated madly.


 "Attack! We can’t be taking hits passive, we must give him no time to take control of the battlefield!" Tie Ba Xiu roared furiously and punched at Fang Yuan from afar with his bowl-sized fists.


 A formless majestic fist energy exploded out violently and actually broke the sound of sound, creating a sonic boom!


 However, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and rose higher, easily dodging the attack.


 Tie Ba Xiu helplessly sighed. His fist energy might be a long range attack but the distance it could reach was short.


 He was a strength path Gu Master, this path had always lacked in long range attack methods. Fang Yuan could be said to be an oddity because his strength qi Gu originated from the ancient qi path.


 Upon Tie Ba Xiu’s reminder, other Tie clan Gu Masters warded off the beast phantoms and started making aerial attacks.


 However, Fang Yuan displayed unmatchable flying ability!


 Occasionally, he was like a butterfly, dancing between the attacks and agilely evading them. Occasionally, he was like a goshawk flying towards the sky, forcing people to watch helplessly. Occasionally, he would make arcs with his bone wings like a swift. And occasionally, he would hover and wait for an opportunity before moving, like a dragonfly.


 Most of the attacks were dodged by him. And a few attacks that managed to strike his body were resisted by the defensive light of golden shield Gu.


 "This is impossible! How could his flying capability be so superb!"


 "This level of control isn’t inferior to Lan Mei He, Hong Fei Yu or Fei You Wang!!"


 Lan Mei He, Hong Fei Yu and Fei You Wang were experts in flying and were already famed throughout Southern Border.


 The Tie clan group were stunned and horrified.


 Fang Yuan constantly activated Gu worms to attack to his heart’s content. The earlier battle was only setting up this current situation.


 Tie Ruo Nan’s expression was ashen.


 She had painstakingly created so many ratten shell grass soldiers but they could only passively take hits now! Moreover, it had wasted a lot of her primeval essence!


 "Die!" Fang Yuan hovered for a long while before he suddenly saw an opportunity and pounced down.


 "Tie Mu, careful!"


 "Dodge quickly!"


 Tie Mu heard the others’ fearful shouts and looked up in a flurry.


 The dazzling sunlight pierced his eyes first of all. Then he saw a black figure pouncing down like a goshawk.


 The intense whistling sounds immediately filled his ears.


 An enormous feeling of crisis filled his heart.


 "Not good, run!" This thought had just emerged in his mind when Fang Yuan’s hands grabbed his shoulders.


 Beast phantom retract!


 Fang Yuan’s strength gushed up and he pulled apart his arms, ruthlessly ripping apart the arms.


 Blood spurted out like a waterfall and Tie Mu’s two limbs were torn apart from the shoulders.


 A violent pain drowned Tie Mu’s mind and he roared furiously, his handsome face twisted into something terrifying.


 Bam!


 Fang Yuan again exerted strength and smacked his hands; Tie Mu’s head was forcibly burst open like a watermelon!


 In an instant, blood and brain matter sprayed on Fang Yuan’s body, face and hair. It was either the grey brain matter or red blood, even the eyeballs stuck on Fang Yuan’s clothes.


 The dense bloody stench assaulted the nose. If it were any other person, they might have vomited on the spot, but Fang Yuan smelled it like it was the world’s most fragrant smell. He was enjoying this and there was even a very intense excitement in the depths of his heart!


 "Death, such a sweet fragrance!"


 "Kill, kill!"


 "Let the flower of life bloom brightly in the blood."


 He threw his head back and roared, actually improvising a poem.


 "Tie Mu!" Seeing Tie Mu’s death, the Tie clan group looked with furious eyes, the fire of their fury seemingly able to burn the sky and ocean!



***
Chapter 362: One vs Seven (3\/4)


***





 Chapter 362: One vs Seven (3/4)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "You killed Tie Mu, I want you dead!" Tie Xian Hua raised the umbrella lotus Gu, shouting as she pounced.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, after waiting for Tie Xian Hua to get close, he turned his body quickly, and opened his wings, as he moved elegantly and brushed past Tie Xian Hua.


 Tie Xian Hua charged for five to six steps before stopping.


 Her beautiful face was in a daze. The umbrella lotus Gu fell on the ground, as a trace of blood slowly showed on her neck, before blood poured out of her like a fountain, sending her head flying as she was beheaded.


 "Xian Hua!!" Tie clan’s group shouted pitifully, but it could not bring her back to life.


 Tie Ba Xiu quickly came over.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, spreading his wings and flying into the sky.


 Tie Ba Xiu was obstructed by the ratten shell grass soldiers, although he created a path for himself to charge out, how could he match Fang Yuan’s speed?


 Fang Yuan flew in the sky, after some indiscriminate dive bombs, he flew towards Tie Ruo Nan.


 "Oh no, his target is young master!" Tie Dao Ku quickly reinforced her.


 Fang Yuan suddenly changed directions, landing quickly in front of Tie Dao Ku.


 "Die!" Fang Yuan had a cold expression, exchanging blows with Tie Dao Ku, not dodging or evading at all, showing his fierce nature.


 Tie Dao Ku was also a man with great courage, facing Fang Yuan head on.


 Swift shadow Gu! Hand blade Gu! Iron hand Gu! Consecutive slash Gu! Quick battle gale! Blade qi Gu!


 He was an attack type Gu Master in the first place, as he attacked with all his strength, his arms moved like wind as blade shadows flashed quickly.


 Fang Yuan activated the golden shield Gu, but it broke quickly under his barrage.


 Even with bronze skin’s defense, Fang Yuan’s skin was torn open as blood and flesh flew out.


 "Just like this, hold on!" The others quickly changed their directions, going to assist him.


 "Oh no, my primeval essence is used up!" Suddenly, Tie Dao Ku’s attacks stopped.


 He was a rank three Gu Master, and had been battling intensely. Now, after a flurry of attacks, his primeval essence dried up.


 Without primeval essence, Tie Dao Ku turned from a tiger to a sick cat.


 Fang Yuan smiled, grabbing his neck and twisted.


 Crack, Tie Dao Ku’s neck was easily broken by Fang Yuan. A blade expert, Tie Ruo Nan’s capable general, brave and courageous, lost his life here.


 "No!!!" Tie Ruo Nan saw this and her eyes turned red with sadness and anger, as the flames of anger was ignited in her, attempting to burn her into ashes.


 Ratten shell grass soldiers, under her command, gathered into a green tidal wave, moving and attempting to engulf Fang Yuan.


 Thousands of grass soldier puppets, having strength in numbers, they were already a threat to Fang Yuan.


 Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes, nose, and mouth was bleeding, such intensive manipulation of her Gu caused great strain on her mind, and it started affecting her body.


 "Ruo Nan, don’t be rash! Do not get engulfed by your own anger!" Tie Ba Xiu saw this and reminded.


 But Tie Ruo Nan had lost her reasoning, she had watched her friends die in front of her, this was a huge stimulation to her, it even brought back the pain from back when her father died.


 "She is still too young." Fang Yuan sneered, flapping his wings and flying up.


 The imposing ratten shell grass soldiers missed their target, as they collapsed together, squeezing into a lump. Not only was their formation a mess, it even caused Tie Ba Xiu and others to have no space to move.


 "This is the weakness of a team! Once the cooperation breaks down, you yourself will be the biggest burden to them. Hehehe... such specific allocation of duty also caused the members to be overly reliant on others. Relying on yourself instead of others, that is the truth of the world!" Fang Yuan flew high in the sky, looking at the battlefield emotionlessly, as he moved his gaze towards Tie Ao Kai.


 Tie Ao Kai was an investigative Gu master, since the start of the battle, he had been moving around the outskirts.


 His speed was fast, he could easily run away and seek reinforcements, he was very crucial to Fang Yuan’s plans to eliminate them all. He had to die at all costs!


 Seeing Fang Yuan fly towards him, Tie Ao Kai’s face was aghast.


 Fang Yuan was bathed in blood, his black hair, eyes, and wings, made him look like a demonic god incarnate. Ruthless and courageous, but also cruel and devious.


 Tie Mu, Tie Xian Hua, and Tie Dao Ku had all died in his hands, even Tie Ba Xiu could do nothing to him.


 Facing such a strong foe, how could he be Fang Yuan’s match?


 The swarm of ratten shell grass soldier army was once Tie Ao Kai’s reassurance, but now it was a cold mockery towards him.


 "Escape, I have to escape to San Cha mountain and report to the four elders of Tie clan!" Tie Ao Kai was scared, giving himself a reason to retreat as he immediately left the battlefield, running rapidly.


 "Don’t run, come back now!" Tie Ba Xiu’s gaze was on Tie Ao Kai as he ran into the forest, shouting loudly.


 If Tie Ao Kai stayed behind and was united with them, he might have a chance of survival. But he ran away alone, having little primeval essence and low cultivation, how could he be faster than Fang Yuan by running with his two legs, restricted by the terrain?


 As expected, in a moment, Fang Yuan carried his head and flew back.


 "AHHHH! Gu Yue Fang Zheng! Gu Yue Fang Zheng! You are dead, you are dead meat! You killed my Tie clansmen, you heinous being, there is no salvation for you. Don’t run if you have guts, what kind of man are you to run away from me. You have no balls you coward, come fight with me, I will tear you to shreds, and grind your bones into ashes!" Tie Ba Xiu was extremely furious, giving off a thunderous scream.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, not falling for the taunt: "Heinous? Heh, I’ve killed so many people in the past, why didn’t you call me heinous back then? Because I killed a Tie clansmen, that makes me a heinous villain? Hehe, if that is so, then I love such a sin, let me kill a few more and add a few more sins to my name."


 Saying so, Fang Yuan spread his wings and continued to divebomb, killing the rest of the Tie clan Gu Masters.


 Tie Ba Xiu watched with bloodshed eyes, almost vomiting blood out of anger. But he was trapped by the ratten shell grass soldiers, and his speed was no match for Fang Yuan, watching all these outstanding Tie clan youngsters slaughtered in front of him, losing their lives.


 Very quickly, in the battlefield, only Tie Ruo Nan and Tie Ba Xiu were left.


 "Die, I want you dead!" Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes were bloodshot as she gritted her teeth, chanting.


 She had activated the ratten shell grass soldiers to her limit, her body oozing with blood, combined with her crazed expression, it gave people chills.


 "Ruo Nan, calm down, calm down now." Tie Ba Xiu rushed to her side, shaking her shoulders. But Tie Ruo Nan had no reaction towards it, staring at Fang Yuan with deep hatred.


 Below Fang Yuan, the ratten shell grass soldiers had gathered together, tightly like a lump. But they could not hit Fang Yuan, thus acting like lost flies.


 Tie Ba Xiu sighed helplessly, he had great experience, he knew that this battle was extremely impactful to Tie Ruo Nan, causing her mental state to breakdown, filled by hatred and fury, she was almost taken over by her anger, and could provide no assistance in the short run.


 Fang Yuan flapped his wings from time to time, causing his body to remain in the air.


 Tie clan only had two people left, but Fang Yuan stopped his attacks.


 That is because, among these two, Tie Ruo Nan was like a crazy b*tch, while Tie Ba Xiu had great battle strength, he was a tough opponent. If Fang Yuan got distracted, he would receive great injuries from him.


 Looking at Tie Ruo Nan, Fang Yuan’s gaze shone with consideration.


 "Tie Ruo Nan has already lost her reasoning in this state. Why don’t I keep these ratten shell grass soldiers here to erode her remaining mental energy. After her mind breaks down, I will take her life. Mm... no, there is a better way. She is the Tie clan young master, Tie Ba Xiu has to protect her. I should use this Tie Ruo Nan to indirectly attack Tie Ba Xiu! If I can kill him, that would be the best."


 Tie Ba Xiu was an established expert, rank four upper stage cultivation, and due to the earth overlord Gu, his battle strength surpassed normal rank four peak stage Gu Masters. He could be said to be Fang Yuan’s most powerful foe after leaving Qing Mao mountain.


 Facing such attacks, even if Fang Yuan used all his strength, he could not win.


 His only weakness was a lack of long range attacks, but that was not a fatal flaw.


 But, battles change due to circumstances, even if Tie Ba Xiu had no flaws, right now, he had someone he had to protect right beside him.


 Unknowingly, Tie Ruo Nan had become the hostage that Fang Yuan was using to threaten him!


 "If I can kill Tie Ba Xiu, even Yi Huo would have to feel threatened by me. But, I have to observe the situation, we cannot drag this. Although these seven Tie clansmen chose a hidden route here, the four Tie clan old-timers might come to reinforce them." Fang Yuan thought in his heart, reminding himself.


 He had a careful, vigilant, calm, and rational nature. He did not panic in dangerous situations, while not arrogant when he had advantages.


 The four old-timers of Tie clan had a combination killer move, called limitless search and lock. If they plant the lock Gu on the Gu Master, no matter where he goes, they can find him. It is the number one capturing method. In his previous life, even Kong Ri Tian was a victim to this killer move, causing the downfall of a demonic expert.


 Although Fang Yuan had the bone wings Gu, and could fly anywhere he wanted, free and unrestrained while having the capabilities to attack or escape, all according to his will. But once he was planted with the lock Gu, no matter where he flew to, above the heavens or above the sea, he would be captured.


 There is always someone who can bring you down, balance exists in everything , although the bone wings Gu was good, it was restricted by other methods.


 The only reason why this battle was so successful was because Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, and knew everything about these seven from Tie clan. Secondly, he had destroyed and expended their long range methods from the battle before.


 His thoughts only lasted a second in real time.


 After deciding, Fang Yuan took out his primeval stone to recover his primeval essence.


 The aperture’s primeval sea level started rising again.


 At the same time, he inspected his own body, using the self-reliance Gu to heal some critical injuries.


 "Damn it!" Seeing this, Tie Ba Xiu’s heart was heavy, like a mountain rock was weighing on it.


 If little beast king continued to attack, he would be happy instead, but right now Fang Yuan took his time to rest, not indulging in the pleasure of having the upper hand, instead stopping his attacks to recover his primeval essence and heal his injuries!


 "This little beast king, he is so young, how can he be so scheming and calm?!"



***
Chapter 363: One vs Seven (4\/4)


***





 Chapter 363: One vs Seven (4/4)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan’s composure made Tie Ba Xiu shocked and cold.


 When the battle started, Tie Ba Xiu had absolutely not expected he would be in such a situation and at a disadvantage.


 But now, this established expert, a cornerstone of Tie clan, had no choice but to admit he was in a dangerous situation.


 The culprit that led to this situation was this young man in front of him!


 He fought against seven people by himself and forced them to reach this stage.


 How in the world did he accomplish this?


 "From the moment little beast king appeared, his actions and words were all unfathomable and unpredictable traps, luring the seven of us right into it. Even more unexpectedly, he holds a flying type Gu and possesses such skilled flying techniques. With his flying ability, he has taken the initiative, able to retreat and advance as he pleases, eventually leading to this situation, a one-sided slaughter."


 Tie Ba Xiu felt his heart turn cold as he recalled the situation.


 How did Fang Yuan possess such incredible flying techniques, that question was no longer the most terrifying thing.


 "The truly terrifying thing about this lad is his head. How could he have such a meticulous scheming ability at his age? He is simply a monster! If he used it for the righteous path, he would become the most brilliant rising star of the righteous path. Unfortunately, he chose to use his intelligence for the evil demonic path. This is a disaster to the people of the world!!"


 Tie Ba Xiu had a premonition, one day this young man in front of him would become a calamity to the whole southern border. At that time, blood would flow into a river and dye the land red, and an uncountable number of living beings would fall victim to his vicious attacks!


 "No, my current situation is very dangerous. Tie Ruo Nan can’t fight and my long range attacks are inadequate. Little beast king however, can fly, thus attacking or retreating as he desires. Retreat, we must hurry to San Cha mountain and join with the four old-timers!"


 Although Tie Ba Xiu had been famous for a long time, his heart was steady and was not misled by fame and profits.


 He could not display all his strength, but under the continuous empowerment of earth overlord Gu, tyrant strength Gu was becoming stronger and stronger, surpassing the limits of Fang Yuan.


 But Tie Ba Xiu was not drunken in his powers, with his experience, he could see the situation he was in. Continuing to fight only ends in disaster, the most sensible choice was to retreat!


 He did not care that he was forced to retreat by a junior. Even if he lost all his reputation, it was better than dying.


 "What’s more, big brother Xue Leng, I can’t let your child die in front of me!" As he thought of this, Tie Ba Xiu became decisive and dragged Tie Ruo Nan to retreat.


 "Hmm? Running away!" Fang Yuan’s suddenly shone with severity.


 He felt the situation was problematic.


 Retreating was truly the most sensible choice for Tie Ba Xiu. This place was near to San Cha mountain and if they managed to attract the four old-timers of Tie clan, it would be Fang Yuan’s turn to retreat.


 "Kill!" Fang Yuan naturally did not want to see such a situation happening.


 He pointed his hand and activated his all-out effort Gu along with strength qi Gu; beast phantoms turned into solid forms and landed on the ground, blocking Tie Ba Xiu.


 However, Tie Ba Xiu was strong, his punches and kicks seem to whistle like the wind and cackle like lightning, scattering these beast phantoms.


 Fang Yuan suddenly changed the attack target, the beast phantoms all moved towards Tie Ruo Nan.


 "Despicable!" Tie Ba Xiu cursed and moved to protect Tie Ruo Nan.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly at this, if Tie Ba Xiu gave up on Tie Ruo Nan and escaped by himself, Fang Yuan would not be able to stop him. However, Tie Ba Xiu was protecting Tie Ruo Nan, this was seeking his own doom.


 Because he was a Gu Master that specialized in offense, not defense.


 By protecting Tie Ruo Nan, he was sacrificing himself, tying his own hands and feet, fighting his enemy’s specialty with his weakness.


 One side escaped and other pursued, the situation was in a stalemate.


 No matter how Tie Ba Xiu cursed and provoked, Fang Yuan only flew in the air and used beast phantoms to attack.


 Tie Ba Xiu could not hit Fang Yuan and thus was passively taking a beating. Moreover, there were light injuries on his body while protecting Tie Ruo Nan.


 "He is only at rank four middle stage, why does he have so much primeval essence?" Tie Ba Xiu was starting to feel desperate, he did not know Fang Yuan not only had liquor worm, but also heavenly essence treasure lotus; in terms of primeval essence, he could completely match rank four upper stage.


 Fang Yuan attacked furiously, sending attacks without an end. If a beast phantom was destroyed, he would immediately send another.


 Beast phantoms attacked one after another, if one fell, another arrived. Especially, the occasional thunder boar and rock crocodile phantom which could threaten Tie Ruo Nan.


 Tie Ba Xiu was getting exhausted and was slowly unable to endure the attacks, his strength decreasing rapidly.


 "Why hasn’t the four old-timers arrived yet!" Tie Ba Xiu kept on running and was already near San Cha mountain, but he still did not see any signs of the four old-timers.


 The path they chose was too hidden. And to prevent news from leaking out, they had intentionally departed two days earlier.


 These setup instead became an obstruction now for Tie Ba Xiu.


 Tie Ba Xiu was very passive now, the injuries on his body continuously accumulated and turned from light to heavy injuries.


 Beast phantoms were starting to pose more of a threat to him and it was becoming hard for him move forward!


 Tie Ruo Nan had become the greatest burden to him; she kept on struggling and Tie Ba Xiu had no choice but to knock her unconscious and run while carrying her in his arm.


 "We are already close to the foot of the mountain, I just need to hold on for a while." Tie Ba Xiu’s body was shaking and his vision was already a scene of blurriness.


 "Is he really going to escape? Damn it!" Fang Yuan’s face was gloomy as he saw this from the air. He started making more ferocious and continuous attacks, his offense surging like a tidal wave.


 As they were near San Cha mountain, Gu Masters started appearing the surroundings.


 "There is a battle going on, it is little beast king!"


 "Heavens, did I see wrong? The one being pursued seems to be ’present age overlord’, a cornerstone of Tie clan, Tie Ba Xiu!"


 "Little beast king is defying heaven, he is actually chasing the rank four upper stage Tie Ba Xiu!"


 ...


 The Gu Masters that saw the battle were all flabbergasted and incomparably shocked.


 Some righteous Gu Masters felt their hearts go cold when they saw Tie Ba Xiu being chased, running away like a pathetic dog who fell into the water.


 "Big brother Li Xian, why has little beast king still not appeared? We have been waiting here for such a long time, is your information reliable?" From a dark corner, Hu Mei Er looked at the purple light barrier in front of her and yawned in boredom.


 In the light barrier formed by iron cabinet Gu, Bai Ning Bing was still trapped by the four old-timers of Tie clan.


 "There is no problem with my information, let’s wait a bit more." Li Xian said that but he muttered in his heart, ’This should not be happening, I have already told the news of Tie clan’s reinforcements to him. How could he still restrain himself? Could it be, he is really going to leave Bai Ning Bing in the lurch?"


 If little beast king really did not appear, such heartlessness made even Li Xian terrified when he thought of it. But if he came to rescue her, both sides would suffer, and the benefits in such a chaotic battlefield would be huge.


 Just as the two were talking in whispers, they heard some clamor.


 "What is going on?" Hu Mei Er puzzledly turned her head to look, but the moment she saw the sight, her puzzled expression quickly became sluggish and after a while, it turned into shock!


 The person whom she had been painfully waiting for appeared and even appeared while ostentatiously flying in the air.


 Wait a second...


 The person that little beast king is chasing looks a bit familiar?


 "Wha... what the f*ck, it is Tie Ba Xiu. The ’present age overlord’ from Tie clan is being chased! So little beast king went to intercept the reinforcement!" Li Xian stared tongue-tied at this pursuit and could not help but curse.


 At the same time as his realization, he felt extreme shock and bewilderment.


 "Little beast king actually went to intercept the Tie clan reinforcement, how can he have such guts? Is he crazy! No, he is not crazy, he won the fight and is now chasing Tie Ba Xiu!"


 Tie Ba Xiu was rank four upper stage but his battle prowess surpassed that level, even common rank four peak stage Gu Masters were not his match. Even on San Cha mountain, among the five rank four peak stage Gu Masters, only Yi Huo would be able to contend with this ’present age overlord’.


 However, right now, Tie Ba Xiu was actually being chased by little beast king and in such a sorry state.


 "Oh god, am I hallucinating?" Someone grabbed his head and looked with an incredulous expression.


 "This world is too crazy, it is changing so quickly..." Someone muttered with a dull expression in his eyes.


 "Fortunately, I haven’t gone against little beast king!" Li Xian felt fortunate, but immediately felt fear, "No, I still need to be cautious when dealing with Fang Zheng, this guy cannot be assessed using common sense."


 "In such a short time, he advanced to rank four middle stage and is also able to fly?!" Hu Mei Er kept her hand over her heart, extremely shocked at this abnormal growth speed of Fang Yuan.


 "Demonic path’s scoundrel!"


 "Quick, we need to rescue them, that is Tie Ba Xiu!!"


 Tie clan’s four old-timers also sensed the situation and immediately revoked iron cabinet Gu and hurried to rescue. As for the trapped Bai Ning Bing or whatever, they stopped caring.


 But unfortunately, they were still late by a step.


 "I was still a step too slow..." Tie Ba Xiu felt extremely bitter, his eyes were blurry, the pain from the wounds all over his body had already made him numb, and the heavy injuries had already increased so much that he was in a near death state now.


 He protected Tie Ruo Nan all the way and did not let even one attack reach her.


 "Such a pity that this little beast king did not come down to fight in close combat. Otherwise, I would have killed him!" Tie Ba Xiu felt very regretful, he had a trump card that he had not revealed. However, Fang Yuan acted cautiously the whole time, never flying down and only attacking from the air.


 "Ba Xiu, hold on!"


 "We are coming to reinforce you."


 The four old-timers of Tie clan shouted together and rushed over rapidly.


 "Hahaha, you were just a step away, Tie Ba Xiu, you have failed!" Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed loudly, a rock crocodile phantom fell down with an explosive sound, sending Tie Ba Xiu rolling on the ground.


 Tie clan’s four old-timers were rushing over and were extremely near, but this small gap was like the distance between clouds and mud.


 "It is over." Fang Yuan’s expression was cold as he pointed and made the fatal attack.


 "No, not yet. Iron cabinet Gu!" Tie Ba Xiu used his final remaining energy and placed his palm on Tie Ruo Nan’s back.


 A square shaped iron cabinet quickly formed and tightly sealed Tie Ruo Nan.


 Beast phantom attacked, ripping Tie Ba Xiu into pieces, but the iron cabinet was firm as ever and Tie Ruo Nan who was inside was unscathed.


 At the crucial moment, Tie Ba Xiu gave his final chance of survival to Tie Ruo Nan.


 "Ba Xiu!" Tie clan’s four old-timers howled in anger and grief, they reached the scene but were late by a step.


 "Little beast king, our Tie clan will not rest till you die!" The four old-timers stared at Fang Yuan, wishing they could bite him to death.


 "Eh? Is that so... I fought against seven Tie clansmen this time, six including Tie Ba Xiu lost their lives by my hands. You four old-timers also want to deal with me? Then fly over and fight me." Fang Yuan laughed coldly, a dangerous look appeared in his eyes that made people avoid his gaze.



***
Chapter 364: Soaring Reputation!


***





 Chapter 364: Soaring Reputation!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Heavens, little beast king fought against seven, but actually won!"


 "Even ’present age overlord’ lost his life."


 "The number one rising star, he is this generation’s number one star of the demonic path!"


 There was an uproar in the crowd, many discussed and whispered to each other.


 Tie clan’s four old-timers released their aura and started attacking one after another. However, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and lightly evaded them, his nimbleness causings gasps of amazement in the crowd.


 "You old-timers, I have still not settled the score with you for trapping me." Bai Ning Bing slowly walked over with a grim expression. She casted a glance at Fang Yuan; her gaze hiding complex feelings.


 In these days when she was trapped, Fang Yuan had grown so much!


 Not only had his cultivation advanced to middle stage, he also held such skilled flying techniques. Looking at this control, Southern Border now had one more flying expert, how did he manage to accomplish all this?


 Bai Ning Bing had once thought of training her flying skills. However, the matter regarding flying was too troublesome; the amount of practice needed was huge and at the same time, it was very time-consuming and needed a long period of grinding. The amount of energy spent was huge but would provide little results in a short period. Bai Ning Bing thus did not do it.


 She had never expected Fang Yuan to be able to train his flying ability to such a level without any signs or words!


 This was surpassing all common sense!


 "Could it be that he had some mystical encounter in three kings inheritance?" Bai Ning Bing naturally considered this point.


 In truth, there was no need for Fang Yuan to explain it, many people would connect his performance to three kings inheritance.


 With Tie clan’s four old-timers revoking iron cabinet Gu, Bai Ning Bing was free.


 Now, with the coordination of Fang and Bai, the situation had become extremely dangerous.


 The four old-timers were on their guard, tightly protecting Tie Ruo Nan’s iron cabinet Gu in the center and guarding against Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing.


 Fang Yuan felt somewhat unresigned as he looked at the iron cabinet Gu.


 Tie Ba Xiu had failed at the last moment while retreating. And Fang Yuan had also failed at last step while chasing them because he was not able to claim Tie Ruo Nan’s life. No doubt, she was a threat.


 "But without Tie Ruo Nan, I could not have killed Tie Ba Xiu so easily. At this point, I can only let it go." Fang Yuan revealed increasing killing intent on outside, but his battle intent was already dispersing.


 He had been engaged in intense battle and the primeval essence in his aperture was already inadequate, while Tie clan’s four old-timers were in perfect condition.


 At the same time, there were too many spectators, many wolves were preying in the dark and gain some benefits. Even Li Xian had such plans let alone others.


 ’It is time to stop.’ Fang Yuan heaved a sigh inwardly before shouting in a clear voice, "Tie clan’s four old-timers, my partner killed one of your clansmen and you trapped her till now. I have killed six of your clansmen, how long will you trap me?"


 Tie clan’s four old-timers’ eyes twitched when they heard this clear provocation.


 "Little beast king, don’t go too far! You killed our Tie clansmen, killed Elder Ba Xiu and chased Tie clan’s young master; you are already our Tie clan’s sworn enemy. I hereby swear, I shall use the rest of my life and pay any price to capture you and throw you inside Demon Suppression Tower, and make sure you suffer endless torment and punishment!" The head of the four old-timers roared in anger.


 Although he said so, he did not dare to act rashly.


 The battle prowess little beast king revealed greatly shocked him. And if you add Bai Ning Bing on top of that...


 "Hahaha, alright. Since it is so, then I shall also view Tie clan as my sworn enemy! From now on, as long as it is a Tie clansman, I will kill one if I see one and will kill two if I see two!" Fang Yuan laughed wildly before flapping his wings and leaving.


 Under the disappointed gazes of many Gu Masters that had ulterior motives, he left of his own accord.


 Bai Ning Bing also left.


 The outcome of this battle spread over the whole San Cha mountain at lightning speed.


 What kind of place was San Cha mountain at present?


 It was a place where three kings inheritance appeared; a place which was paid attention to by countless clans, righteous path members and demonic path members.


 Soon after that, the battle report of Fang Yuan taking on seven Tie clansmen by himself and killing Tie Ba Xiu was spread throughout the whole Southern Border.


 Fang Yuan’s reputation soared!


 ...


 "This kid actually killed Tie Ba Xiu? Is this news reliable?"


 In Yan clan, when young master Yan Jun heard this report from his subordinate, he almost did not dare to believe his ears.


 Who was Tie Ba Xiu?


 He had been famous for a long time and was known as the ’present age overlord’. He possessed earth overlord Gu and had a fighting strength that surpassed normal rank four peak stage!


 He was a cornerstone of Tie clan, one of the top clans, and was an expert who could take charge of a region by himself.


 But he was actually chased and killed by little beast king Fang Zheng, a junior that only had rank four middle stage cultivation?


 "This little beast king can surpass realms to battle and killed Tie Ba Xiu. Who in the world is he? I have never heard of him before." Yan Jun asked with a frown.


 His subordinate quickly reported: "Young master, you entered an Immemorial Era’s phantom path inheritance and was in closed cultivation for five years, not knowing about Fang Zheng is also normal. This person is only around twenty years old and is a genius rising star of the demonic path that only came to fame in the recent years..."


 ...


 "Little beast king Fang Zheng? The youngsters these days are really terrifying! The new waves are constantly replacing the old waves, while the old waves die by the shore. Tsk tsk..."


 In a forest, Feng Tian Yu slowly walked forward while thinking of the news he had just received, mixed within his sighs was a trace of fiery passion.


 "I heard the reason little beast king could grasp flying methods and grow up so quick was because he received some benefits from three kings inheritance! Three kings inheritance..."


 Feng Tian Yu thought of this and felt a desire to immediately rush towards San Cha mountain.


 He was a famous refinement path Gu Master in Southern Border. King Xin Inheritance perfectly matched him.


 ...


 "Fang Zheng actually fought against seven and killed six Tie clansmen including Tie Ba Xiu?!" As one of the five great experts of Shang clan, the moment Elder Yi Huo came out from inheritance, he received this incredulous news.


 Tie Ba Xiu’s fighting strength was equal to his. Fang Yuan was able to kill Tie Ba Xiu, does that mean Fang Yuan could similarly kill him?


 How could this be?


 But the cold hard truth overruled all doubts and claims!


 After Yi Huo found out even more details, he slowly came to an understanding: "So he has learnt flying and can use it in battle. No wonder he was able to fight against seven and kill Tie Ba Xiu..."


 To Gu Masters, grasping flying methods and being able to use them in battle meant their fighting strength would soar qualitatively.


 Humans were creatures that walked on ground and did not have wings. Even Ren Zu did not have ability to fly. Being able to fly by itself was a miracle in defiance of heaven.


 If one could fly, then the encirclement tactics on the ground would possess almost no threat.


 The wide sky would become the stage that allowed the flying Gu Masters to travel freely. They could attack and defend, advance and retreat; firmly grasping control of the battle.


 There were famous flying Gu Masters in Southern Border; Fei You Wang, Lan Mei He and Hong Fei Yu. They were feared by people, battling with them was extremely troublesome and no one wished to make an enemy out of them.


 Yi Huo had deep impression of flying Gu Masters.


 Because there was a perfect example near him, that was Wei Yang.


 Wei Yang was called light swordsman, he could evade as fast as light and quick as lightning. He was also a flying Gu Master!


 His aptitude was inadequate and only had rank three peak stage cultivation, but he was able to become a major figure of Shang clan, one of the five experts and was equally famous as Yi Huo, a rank four peak stage Gu Master!


 Once, Yi Huo had felt it was a disgrace to be listed together with Wei Yang in the five experts, thus he challenged him to a fight. The result was depressing for him, Wei Yang moved around the battlefield unobstructed, and he could simply do nothing to him!


 "If we only look at flying speed, Wei Yang can be said to be the number one in Southern Border, little beast king cannot compare to him. Recently with clan leader’s help, Wei Yang has advanced to rank four..."


 Yi Huo felt the pressure in his mind increasing by a layer as he thought of this.


 The five great experts of Shang clan were not a united group, they each had their respective factions and were always contending against each other.


 Yi Huo accepted the command to come to San Cha mountain in order to establish great merits and become a clansman of Shang clan, obtaining the resources within Shang clan’s living treasure door and advance one step to become a rank five Gu Master!


 "Fang Yuan’s battle strength increased greatly with the ability to fly while that Tie Ba Xiu is weak at long range battle and was also concerned about Tie Ruo Nan, thus being killed by little beast king. If we talk of true battle prowess, Tie Ba Xiu surpasses little beast king. It is a pity I cannot recruit little beast king anymore!" Yi Huo felt extremely regretful when he understood this.


 The battle prowess Fang Yuan displayed might not equal his, but with flying methods, Yi Huo also could not do anything to him.


 Forcing little beast king simply would not work. Instead, it would ruin his reputation since Fang Yuan was Shang clan’s purple thorn esteemed guest.


 Besides this, there was also another reason: Tie clan.


 Little beast king had now serious offended Tie clan!


 The losses to Tie clan were huge and they would certainly deal with little beast king, there was no room for compromising. Moreover, Fang Yuan proclaimed in an extremely arrogant tone in front of everyone that he would kill Tie clansmen if he saw them.


 If Yi Huo really recruited little beast king, it would be equal to offending Tie clan.


 Tie clan was also a top clan like Shang clan, a major party of the righteous path. At that time, Yi Huo would have to endure pressure from both Tie clan and Shang clan’s higher-ups.


 ...


 "Little beast king definitely grasped some secrets of the three kings inheritance! Otherwise, how could he suddenly gain such profound flying techniques?!" Li Xian was sitting on his seat, his eyes narrowed to a slit, sharp light flickering endlessly inside them.


 He had all the details regarding Fang Yuan. However, Fang Yuan suddenly grasping flying methods was simply inconceivable and broke all common sense.


 "Even if he bitterly trained in Shang clan city, it is not possible that there were not even a single trace of information about it. Also, he was only there for a few years, how could he have such such a powerful flying tool? Could it be..." Hu Mei Er also pondered from the side.


 "Three kings inheritance!" A ray of divine light seemed to pass through his mind and caused Li Xian to blurt out.


 In a split second —


 The matter about little beast king earning huge profits at Shang clan city by relying on information about three kings inheritance...


 The matter of him intentionally delaying the rescue of Bai Ning Bing and entering three kings inheritance...


 And also all of the battle gains he brought out from the inheritance each time...


 All these events converged in Li Xian’s mind and formed a clear clue — little beast king definitely held some secrets about the three kings inheritance. The time flow inside three kings inheritance was different from the outside world, it was a Gu Immortal blessed land! The reason he could grasp flying methods was definitely due to three kings inheritance!


 "That must be it, Fang Zheng holds the secrets of three kings inheritance!" Hu Mei Er also came to a realization. Her thought of charming Fang Yuan and making him become her sexual slave suddenly became even more appealing.


 Fang Yuan had his previous life memories and naturally grasped the secrets of three kings inheritance. In this secret discussion, Li Xian and Hu Mei Er had accidentally speculated the truth.


 "The problem is since we know this, how do we obtain even more benefits? Little beast king has already grown and even Tie Ba Xiu fell by his hands, he is not someone we can go against." Li Xian clicked his tongue as his thoughts moved rapidly.


 "We cannot, but it doesn’t mean others cannot. Humans can be instigated, hehehe." Hu Mei Er laughed coquettishly.


 "Are you saying we should leak this information?" Li Xian slightly pondered over it before suddenly slapping his thigh, "Excellent plan, it is an excellent plan!"



***
Chapter 365: Hu Immortal Blessed Land opens


***





 Chapter 365: Hu Immortal Blessed Land opens


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Back at Shang Liang mountain, Fang Yuan could only be said to have made small name for himself. But after the battle with Tie Ba Xiu, his name spread throughout the Southern Border and truly rose up to fame, becoming a famous demonic path genius.


 This news attracted attention from countless people.


 Some were experts who had been in closed cultivation for many years while some were Gu Masters who were roaming the world. He faced both righteous path’s attention and demonic path’s coveting. Fang Yuan had truly charged into their sights.


 Some people chose to retreat temporarily like Century Boy. Some like Li Xian and Hu Mei Er were adding fuel to the fire. And some people’s battle intent were stimulated and they directly expressed their intent to challenge.


 At once, the winds rose and the clouds began to gather, countless waves moved towards Fang Yuan.


 San Cha mountain.


 In a certain cave.


 Fang and Bai were sitting cross-legged. Fang Yuan’s palms were placed on Bai Ning Bing’s back as he transferred his primeval essence.


 In Bai Ning Bing’s aperture, essence gold primeval essence fell down into her primeval sea like a waterfall, causing many waves.


 The waves surged continuously in the primeval sea and constantly cleansed the aperture walls.


 Fang Yuan was rank four middle stage and possessed bright golden primeval essence. But with nine eyes liquor worm, his primeval essence was purified into essence gold primeval essence. Right now, he was pouring his primeval essence into Bai Ning Bing’s aperture through bone flesh unity Gu and helped her nourish and strengthen her aperture.


 Several hours later, Fang Yuan retracted his palms while Bai Ning Bing slowly opened her eyes.


 Her expression was tranquil.


 She did not show a trace of gratitude to Fang Yuan for rescuing her, and also did not show a trace of anger for his procrastination.


 She was very tranquil as if she had never even been trapped.


 However, in the depths of her heart, she felt extremely complicated.


 For a long time now, she had been above Fang Yuan in terms of cultivation. But right now, she had instead become the beneficiary of bone flesh unity Gu.


 Essence gold primeval essence gave her huge assistance. After all, she was still at rank four initial stage.


 "It seems cultivating together with Fang Yuan isn’t so bad..." The moment this thought appeared, Bai Ning Bing extinguished it in a flash.


 She slowly stood up and spoke with coldness in her voice like she was taking joy in Fang Yuan’s misfortune: "Have you heard of the recent rumors? Many people are saying you hold the great secret of three kings inheritance. You did not know any flying methods before but received it from three kings inheritance. Hehe, you need to watch out. Tie clan is furious and has publicly proclaimed you as their enemy, their arrest warrant for you has already spread over the Southern Border."


 Fang Yuan indifferently replied while remaining seated: "Hehe, is there anyone who doesn’t know about our relationship? Since Tie clan is coming after me, you will also be on the hit list."


 "Hmph. Continue your cultivation till midnight, I will stay guard for you. After midnight, we shall switch." Saying so, Bai Ning Bing walked out.


 The current situation, compared to when they had just arrived at San Cha mountain, was much more dangerous. Fang and Bai did their best to cultivate at different times.


 In the depths of the cave, Fang Yuan remained alone.


 He did not hurriedly cultivate but rather sank into contemplation.


 Tie clan’s response was already within his expectations. He killed an elder of Tie clan and also chased their young master; already ruthlessly infringing their bottomline. Tie clan was a top clan, one of the leaders of righteous path, how could they put up with this? Their retaliation would definitely be extremely fierce!


 Besides Tie clan, there were also other problems.


 Shang clan, Wu clan and others in the righteous path; Hu Mei Er, Li Xian, Century Boy and others in the demonic path.


 This was the price for becoming famous!


 Fang Yuan made his name from the battle, but it also pushed him towards the eye of the storm and was now watched by countless people. There were undercurrents and probings from all sides, there were even waves that wanted to submerge him, already having converged into a huge whirlpool.


 With his previous life’s experience Fang Yuan knew he was facing a test.


 If he could escape from this whirlpool, resist the assault of the waves, then he would truly gain a foothold and become a publicly recognized expert of Southern Border.


 But if he was swallowed and shredded by this whirlpool, there was no need to mention anything.


 "Now, Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng should have already repeatedly infiltrated Demon Suppression Tower and caused a great havoc, Tie clan should already be under huge pressure. If they want to gather their energy to deal with me, it won’t be a matter of a month or two. I can forget about them for now."


 "The rumors outside claiming that I hold the great secret should be Li Xian and Hu Mei Er’s doing. Hmph, I will deal with these two sooner or later. It is just that Li Xian still has a lot of value currently. And behind Hu Mei Er stands rank six Gu Immortal, I need to plan this carefully."


 "Three kings inheritance is a really big cake, I have no way of eating it whole. I can only choose the best parts of it. If I can obtain the essence of the inheritance, like undefeated hundred battles Gu and others, this trip would be a success. My strength will have an enormous boost and it would be extremely helpful in the great battle of Yi Tian mountain."


 Thoughts whirled in Fang Yuan’s mind before he dispersed them and thought of Central Continent.


 "Calculating the time, Hu Immortal Inheritance on Tian Ti mountain should have opened. This is a true Gu Immortal blessed land and is many times more precious than three kings inheritance. That Feng Jin Huang became a Gu Immortal all due to this inheritance and became a figure whose name would shake the world in the future..."


 Meanwhile in Central Continent, at the foot of Tian Ti mountain.


 The elite disciples that came from the ten great sects of Central Continent gathered together.


 In the crowd, the real Gu Yue Fang Zheng softly let out a breath of turbid air, the great competition that lasted for months was finally over.


 Several months ago, the ten great sects sent an order at the same time to organize a great competition for these elite disciples to determine the rankings.


 Central Continent’s ten sects contained the strongest inheritances. This generation of elite disciples were all dragons among men, children of heaven. Even the worst disciples among them had one or two trump cards.


 Because of Fairy Bi Xia, Gu Yue Fang Zheng did not have an easy time.


 In the great competition, many of his opponents showed deep hostility and made heavy-handed attacks. Fortunately, Fang Zheng had deep foundation, possessing an ironbeak flying crane group and also had the guidance of Lord Sky Crane who was inside the spirit incubating flea; these allowed him to struggle through each round and obtain a rather high ranking.


 Right now, in the sky of Tian Ti mountain, ten formless Gu Immortal divine consciousness were quietly communicating.


 "This generation of elite disciples are also ordinary in general. But there are finally some excellent juniors."


 "Hmm... Spirit Butterfly Valley’s Xiao Qi Xing is pretty good. If I am not wrong, he should be the great-grandson of Xiao Bai Hong, right?"


 "Myriad Dragon Dock’s Ying Sheng Ji is also very outstanding, Long Nǚ has taught him well."


 "Hehehe, you are too kind. Your granddaughter Feng Jin Huang is the truly outstanding one, none of her peers can match her attack."


 "Are you all going to keep on flattering each other? Let’s cooperate and completely open this Hu Immortal Inheritance!"


 "Alright, alright."


 "Then let’s strike together."


 "Rise!"


 Ten formless powers surged out from the void, majestic and boundless like tsunami or mountain torrent!


 The world changed, wind rose and clouds rumbled.


 The ten powers revolved around each other before converging together and colliding against a certain place on Tian Ti mountain.


 There was no sound, the terrifying formless power vanished like thin air. Golden rays of light blossomed and a vermillion gatehouse slowly rose up.


 The gatehouse was a hundred feet tall with a nine colored plaque on it shining brilliantly.


 In the air, pink propitious clouds gathered and bright rays of sunlight gathered to become a flight of stairs.


 The stairs stretched out from the gatehouse and became a rainbow bridge, landing exactly before the group of elite disciples.


 "Enter according to the ranking of the competition." An ethereal voice came from the air and clearly resounded in the ten sects’ disciples’ ears.


 This was the voice of a Gu Immortal.


 All kinds of expressions appeared on the ten sects’ disciples’ faces; awe, reverence, zealotry and so on. Most of their gazes gathered on a girl.


 She was wearing a phoenix coronet, had slanted eyes, her golden brows were thin and long and there was was a small red birthmark in the middle of her brows. Her appearance was dignified and graceful, and her beauty was unrivalled.


 She was the winner of the first place in this great competition - Feng Jin Huang!


 This girl was magnificent and brilliant, her skin was like snow and her eyes were like lightning. Like the phoenix that soared through the skies, she was elegant and pure, arrogantly looking at the world. When compared to her, the elite disciples around her seemed to have turned into ordinary sparrows.


 Fang Zheng had fought with her, but was defeated in just six moves.


 Hearing the Gu Immortal’s voice, Feng Jin Huang gave a clear whistle and turned into a golden light, shooting forward.


 The golden light became a phoenix and collided into the gatehouse; the vermillion gatehouse shook and opened a void that swallowed Feng Jin Huang.


 After Feng Jin Huang, Xiao Qi Xing, Ying Sheng Ji and others entered Hu Immortal Inheritance one after another.


 After twenty to thirty disciples entered, it was Gu Yue Fang Zheng’s turn.


 Fang Zheng walked through the rainbow bridge and entered the gatehouse. He immediately felt dizzy, colors rotated around to form a whirlpool in front of him, dazzling like the blossoming of all sorts of flowers; he felt like he was drifting in a gorgeous hurricane storm.


 "Heeheehee..." A cute and young girl suddenly appeared in his sight.


 "You are also another fated person that wants to inherit Hu Immortal Inheritance? In a moment, you will see a mountain. Only the first person that ascends to the peak can obtain me. You need to work hard. Those people that entered before you have already taken a huge lead. Heeheehee..." The girl was wearing rainbow colored clothes, on her back was a snow white fox tail that was moving mischievously, she had large and round eyes that showed her innocence.


 "You, who are you?" Fang Zheng was startled and puzzled, he was unable to make sense of this Gu Immortal’s place, how could a girl appear here.


 "Heehee, so it is a stupid boy." The girl said and mischievously extended her tender and fair little finger, and softly touched Fang Zheng’s forehead.


 Then, just like how she had appeared, she suddenly disappeared.


 From this slight touch, Fang Zheng’s body that had been light as a feather recovered its weight and suddenly started falling down.


 "Aahhh!" A strong feeling of weightlessness spread over Fang Zheng, and he subconsciously screamed.


 He wanted to activate his Gu worms, but to his horror, his whole aperture was locked in by a formless force, making him unable to use the powers of Gu.


 "Could it be that I, Gu Yue Fang Zheng, am going to die at this place, dying by falling, having such an absurd death?!"



***
Chapter 366: Land Spirit


***





 Chapter 366: Land Spirit


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Thud.


 A dull sound echoed with dust flying everywhere.


 Fang Zheng fell flat on his face on the ground.


 Although he fell from a high altitude, it was only for a short time before he landed, thus he survived.


 "Spit spit spit!" Fang Zheng sprawled on the ground and spitted grass and mud out of his mouth, a sore pain spreading throughout his body as he felt stifled.


 "Where is this?" He took slow, deep breaths and stood up awkwardly before looking at his surroundings.


 It was a scenery of green, Fang Zheng felt like he was in a grassland. The grass rustled with the light wind and countless flowers of all colors formed a tapestry that spread to the horizon.


 Far away, there was a tall and precipitous crystal mountain.


 The crystal mountain was half-translucent and was pink like a scene from dreams.


 From his position, Fang Zheng could clearly see human silhouettes climbing the mountain. Compared the the crystal mountain, these figures were very small like ants.


 "The first person to ascend to the peak will obtain Hu Immortal Inheritance!" Suddenly, Fang Zheng recalled the mysterious girl’s words.


 Who was that mysterious little girl?


 Could they really inherit Hu Immortal Inheritance by climbing this mountain?


 While Fang Zheng was indulging in his doubts, Lord Sky Crane’s anxious voice appeared from inside him: "Stupid disciple, what are you still hesitating for? Quickly go climb that Dang Hun mountain!"


 "Master!" Fang Zheng was both startled and happy, "Who was that little girl? And, why can’t I use any Gu?"


 "Get a move on already, grasp every second. I will explain to you, listen properly!" Lord Sky Crane hurriedly explained —


 "Hu Immortal Inheritance is not a small matter, it is an intact Gu Immortal Inheritance. There can only be one inheritor, whoever obtains it will soar to the top and will have a huge chance to become an immortal. As for the others, they will obtain no benefits or rewards. The little girl you saw just before is the Hu Immortal Inheritance. As long as you ascend to the peak first, you will become her master and obtain the Gu Immortal Inheritance."


 Fang Zheng ran while gazing at the peak.


 He had lived in Southern Border and there were many mountains there, he naturally knew the logic of the mountain ’appearing close but was actually very far away’.


 "Master, I am very far away from this crystal mountain while they are already climbing it. The gap is too huge. I also cannot use movement Gu, how can I win?"


 Lord Sky Crane snorted: "Ignorant! This is Hu Immortal blessed land, this place is not like anything else! Although Hu Immortal has already passed away, her will still exists. Your movement Gu has already been sealed by Hu Immortal’s will, naturally you can’t use it. Others are also the same, they can’t use any Gu. You can only rely on your own physical strength to ascend to the peak and finish this test."


 Fang Zheng could not help being dispirited: "I can’t use movement Gu and there is such a huge gap, how can I catch up to them? Strange, we entered the gatehouse one after another, how could the gap be so huge?"


 Lord Sky Crane laughed: "This is a Gu Immortal blessed land, the time flow here is different. A day in the outside world is five days here. You guys entered the gatehouse one by one and the time difference was short. But once you enter here, the time difference is suddenly pulled apart. Otherwise, why would there be the great competition to decide the ranking? Each rank represents a certain advantage. The last ranked person basically doesn’t have any hope to win."


 "So it was like that." Fang Zheng only then realized the importance of obtaining a good ranking in the great competition.


 Unfortunately, he lacked power and his strength could not compare to others.


 The ten great sects were the heads of Central Continent, they had a lot of hidden talents with extremely profound foundations. Even Southern Border’s top clans could not compare to them. In this generation of elite disciples, disciples like Fang Zheng, Fairy Bi Xia, Gu Ting and Wei Wu Shang were only second tier.


 The first tier were disciples like Feng Jin Huang, Ying Sheng Ji and Xiao Qi Xing. They had powerful background and the support of Gu Immortals. From the very start, they received meticulous nurturing. A huge amount of resources were provided to them, with them never lacking anything, and occasionally, Gu Immortal level existences would personally instruct and guide them in their cultivation.


 Comparatively speaking, Fang Zheng was only a countryside boy. Although he had some fortuitous encounters, they could not compare to the support of Gu Immortals.


 "My ranking is not high, I can’t do anything about. I already given my best in the great competition, almost all of my ironbeak flying cranes have died." Fang Zheng felt regret and also helplessness.


 As he kept on thinking, he suddenly felt something amiss.


 "Master, since Gu worms cannot be used here, how come you are able to talk to me? Master, you still had this secret, you are really amazing!"


 "Hahaha..." Lord Sky Crane could not help but laugh loudly, "Stupid disciple, you finally realized this? But you are overestimating your master. I was only a rank five while alive and after death, my soul is residing in the spirit incubating flea, I have nothing left. The reason I can talk to you is because of our Immortal Crane Sect’s Supreme Elder Lord He Feng Yang! Fang Zheng, you need to remember, in this world, only Gu Immortals can contend with Gu Immortals."


 "Supreme Elder He Feng Yang?" Fang Zheng was filled with shock, Immortal Crane Sect had many Gu Immortals. Among them was He Feng Yang, to think he would be somewhat involved with him.


 Lord Sky Crane meaningfully said: "Fang Zheng, Hu Immortal Inheritance is not a small matter, it has a land spirit. That is to say, this blessed land has its own will! Even a Gu Immortal can’t get through force. Land spirits are innocent and stubborn, inheriting their original master’s obsession. If a Gu Immortal forcefully attacks, even if the land spirit can’t resist it, it could choose to self-destruct and destroy the blessed land. The Gu Master that made the forceful attack would also suffer injuries in vain and would have disastrous losses, and all their efforts would become futile. Thus, they sent you elite disciples."


 "In this great competition, Feng Jin Huang from Spirit Affinity House is truly amazing! This girl could be said to be a genius among geniuses, arrogantly looking down at the crowd, a phoenix among people. Your strength is inadequate and it is normal for you to be defeated by her. But our Immortal Crane Sect has not necessarily lost. You are our Immortal Crane Sect’s hope for reversal!"


 "Me?" Fang Zheng could not help opening his eyes wide as he had never expected there to be such a huge hope entrusted to him.


 He suddenly realized.


 This contest for Hu Immortal Inheritance looked like a contest among the elite disciples of the ten sects, but actually was the battle between the ten great sects. Disciples like him were the chess pieces while the Gu Immortals of the ten sects were the players; they arranged the pieces from behind the scenes and contested against each other.


 And he himself was the ignorant secret weapon chosen by the Immortal Crane Sect.


 "Master, isn’t the sect having too much expectations for me? I can’t use any Gu now, how can I be the winner?"


 "Hehehe..." Lord Sky Crane proudly laughed, "Fang Zheng, do you know what this crystal mountain is? This is the Dang Hun mountain in the legends of Ren Zu.


 "Dang Hun mountain!" Fang Zheng gave a startled cry.


 Legends of Ren Zu had spread over the world, Fang Zheng naturally knew of this famous Dang Hun mountain.


 Lord Sky Crane continued: "As long as any living creatures enter the range of Dang Hun mountain, their soul would receive a shock. The closer they get to the peak, the stronger the force of the shock would be. Many living beings don’t have strong souls and their soul would often scatter when they reach halfway up the mountain."


 "Naturally, this is a righteous path inheritance and isn’t as dangerous as a demonic path inheritance. Dang Hun mountain’s might has already been suppressed by the land spirit, giving you elite disciples a chance of ascending to the peak. If someone is unable to continue, they would be sent out by the land spirit. That is to say, there is no risk to your lives."


 Lord Sky Crane’s tone became solemn: "Fang Zheng, the thing I am about to say is very important, listen carefully!"


 "You experienced the destruction of your entire clan at a young age and the killer was your own big brother. You are determined to take revenge and your will is firm. Surviving this terrible event had tempered your soul to become stronger than your peers. But there is still a gap when compared to people like Feng Jin Huang and Xiao Qi Xing."


 "But you don’t need to be dejected, the ingenuity of Lord He Feng Yang’s plan lies here. He used secret methods to resuscitate Spirit Incubating Flea. Next, I will use my soul to support you and push you towards the peak of Dang Hun mountain!"


 Lord Sky Crane was a rank five Gu Master, he had gone through innumerable difficulties throughout his life and at the same time with his long age, he had gained plentiful experience and the strength of his soul naturally far surpassed the disciples like Feng Jin Huang and Xiao Qi Xing.


 These geniuses might be at their prime with limitless future prospects, but right now, the foundation of their soul could not compare to Lord Sky Crane.


 Fang Zheng was both happy and worried: "With master’s help, I have a chance at winning. But if we cheat like this, won’t it be unfair? If other Gu Immortals discover it, what would we do?"


 Lord Sky Crane snorted and reprimanded: "Stupid kid, this is not cheating but ability and talent. We are obtaining the Gu Immortal Inheritance with our ability and talent. This is fair! Don’t worry, behind you is Immortal Crane Sect, and with Lord He Feng Yang protecting you, other Gu Immortals won’t act against you. Moreover, Gu Immortals can’t enter the blessed land. If they enter the blessed land, they will suffer the counterattack from the land spirit, thus even if they discover some clues, they can only watch helplessly! Hahaha!"


 "The land spirit is so amazing? Even Gu Immortals are not its match?" Fang Yuan felt surprised.


 "One side will go all out while the other side has to restrain themselves... Moreover, land spirit has blended in with the blessed land, and in the blessed land, land spirit is an immortal deity able to control the whole blessed land. Controlling the land spirit means controlling the blessed land." Lord Sky Crane laughed.


 Realization dawned upon Fang Zheng: "Ah! I understand, that little girl we saw is the land spirit!"


 "Hahaha!" Lord Sky Crane laughed, "Disciple, you aren’t so stupid after all, finally realizing it. That’s right, that little girl is Hu Immortal land spirit. Now charge forward bravely. This Dang Hun mountain is extremely difficult to climb, it would at least take a year or so. Just in case, I won’t speak much from now and will only secretly help you. With my help, you have at least eighty percent chance of seizing Hu Immortal Inheritance! As long as you get the Hu Immortal Inheritance, you can rise rapidly, turning from beggar to tycoon and become fat from just one bite. This is ascending to the heavens in one step!"


 "I understand, master! I will do my very best and not disappoint you!" Fang Zheng’s fierce eyes flashed with a firm and courageous light.


 "Go, the whole Immortal Crane Sect is looking at you." Lord Sky Crane spurred Fang Zheng on with one sentence and made his blood boil.


 Fang Zheng felt extremely energetic!



***
Chapter 367: It is not easy to be a godfather these days


***





 Chapter 367: It is not easy to be a godfather these days


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Several months later.


 Southern Border, San Cha mountain.


 In a spacious cave lighted with bright lights, a huge banquet was being held where Gu Masters drank and gambled, and fragrance of various dishes permeated the air.


 "Come, come, come, everyone, eat and drink to your fill, no need to feel uncomfortable!" Century Boy was sitting on the main seat; he looked around and greeted everyone with a loud voice.


 Century Boy was wearing a black robe and looked like a tender boy but was actually over hundred and eighty years old.


 In this world, under normal circumstances, a human’s lifespan was only around a hundred years. If one wanted to increase their lifespan, the best method was to find lifespan Gu.


 However, lifespan Gu were extremely rare and thus difficult to find.


 Humans were the spirit of all living beings, who would mind having a long life? Thus, they thought of many other methods.


 Century Boy was one such example, although he did not find lifespan Gu, he possessed return to childhood Gu, which accumulated his lifeforce and slowly released them, gaining the effect of longevity.


 The disadvantage of this method was his body and appearance were fixed to have a child’s physique.


 Century Boy had rank four upper stage cultivation and at the same time possessed over a hundred and eighty years of experience, he was truly a part of the senior generation of demonic path.


 He had become astute with age and had visited a lot of places. He liked holding feasts and entertaining all kinds of people. Sometimes, he also gave pointers to some newcomers and imparted some of his experience. In the demonic path, he had the reputation of guiding the younger generation.


 Some demonic Gu Masters who received his pointers recognized him as their godfather. As time passed, Century Boy had gathered a whole group of godsons and goddaughters, forming a rather enormous force.


 Among those participating in the banquet today, many were his godsons and goddaughters. There were also distinguished guests like Rock Lizard Li Qiang and Fiery Star Bao Tong; they were all famous demonic path figures and could not be underestimated.


 "Shang clan’s Yi Huo is truly powerful, he suppressed the other four rank four peak stage experts. Currently on San Cha mountain, no one wants to fight him."


 "Gu refinement grandmaster Feng Tian Yu has arrived and has agreed to refine Gu for Yi Huo. I am not sure what Gu he is refining but Yi Huo’s fighting strength is sure to become more powerful."


 In the banquet, the most talked discussion was naturally about the current situation of San Cha mountain.


 Yi Huo came from Shang clan and represented the righteous path. His power and influence was huge, suppressing all the demonic Gu Masters on San Cha mountain; they could not even fight properly as they were fearful.


 "Yi Huo might be strong, but he is only rank four peak stage. If Tie Ba Xiu was still alive, he could definitely contend with him and Yi Huo would not have been in such a bright limelight like now."


 The moment Tie Ba Xiu was mentioned, everyone inevitably thought of Fang Yuan.


 "A few days ago, Little Beast King killed Yu Cang; this is the fourth strength path Gu Master he has killed in just this month." Someone whispered.


 Yu Cang was a strength path Gu Master and was from Yu clan which was a small-middle sized clan.


 Ever since Fang Yuan killed Tie Ba Xiu, his momentum increased tremendously and he looked for trouble again and again, killing both demonic path and righteous path Gu Masters. This awe-inspiring fierce and brutal name shook San Cha mountain.


 Century Boy’s ears twitched, and his expression turned unsightly when his keen sense heard ’little beast king’.


 Fang Yuan killed Sky Tiger Xue San Si who was his goddaughter. He had been proclaiming he would find trouble with Fang Yuan. However, after Fang Yuan killed Tie Ba Xiu, he immediately gave in and did not talk of Fang Yuan again.


 "Hmph! Little Beast King might be strong, but it is because of three kings inheritance. He knows many secrets regarding the inheritance and thus every time he enters the inheritance, his gains are much more than ours. Li Xian, you have made deals with him and know much more about his situation. Is this not the case?" Rock Lizard Li Qiang suddenly spoke loudly.


 Li Xian nodded: "Indeed it is so. In these few months, Little Beast King has sold some of the secrets of three kings inheritance many times. The information he gave is mostly correct and has been verified. For example, you can disturb hairy men’s Gu refinement process in the earlier stages of King Xin Inheritance. There are also some of his experiences regarding King Quan Inheritance."


 "Little Beast King definitely knows much more important secrets and is hiding them deep in his heart. His luck has come, he really made it big this time, his strength has been increasing by relying on three kings inheritance. Now, he is one of the most popular candidates to inherit three kings inheritance!" Fiery Star Bao Tong said as he drank wine, his tone filled with admiration and envy.


 "Fang Zheng is getting stronger and he has replaced his Gu worms to much better ones as well."


 "In these few months, he and Bai Ning Bing has been moving together, they are simply a pair of wretched murderous couple! These two are villains colluding together, who knows how many have suffered from their treacherous attacks."


 "Little Beast King has extremely big ambitions, from the time he arrived at San Cha mountain to now, he has repeatedly challenged strength path Gu Masters. Recently, he has again claimed to become the number one in strength path and recover the glory of the ancient strength path."


 "Fortunately, I am not a strength path Gu Master...."


 Everyone discussed and commented.


 Fang Yuan only took the initiative to fight strength path Gu Masters, this caused strength path Gu Masters to be in danger, while Gu Masters of other paths watched on from the side with an attitude of taking joy in others’ misfortune.


 Although Fang Yuan’s actions were unbridled, he did not provoke public anger.


 On one hand, he was powerful and could also fly; truly not an easy enemy. On another hand, he took the initiative to reveal many information on three kings inheritance which caused many people to fawn upon him. Finally, he only went against strength path Gu Masters, only dealing with people of the same path, and did not blindly provoke other Gu Masters.


 "Century Boy, you need to be careful. From what I remember, you are also a strength path Gu Master, right? Fang Zheng, that brute is mean and devious, and completely unreasonable, cruel and tyrannical." Rock Lizard Li Qiang stared deeply at Century Boy, seemingly persuading him with good intentions.


 Century Boy sighed inwardly.


 How could he have imagined Fang Yuan to be so violent!


 "Sigh, each generation brings forth new geniuses... Nowadays, newcomers are appearing in flocks; a few years ago, there was Mo Wu Tian and now Little Beast King has appeared. This world is becoming increasingly tough, it is not easy to even be a godfather."


 Century Boy thought like that inwardly, but on the surface he was still tough: "Hmph! When heavens want someone dead, it will first make them mad and violent. This Little Beast King is become madder and more violent, he is not far from reaching death’s door. He killed my goddaughter Xue San Si, I will take revenge sooner or later. But there is no need to hurry, wait till three kings inheritance is over and I will slowly settle the scores with him. The important matter is three kings inheritance."


 Saying so, he reminded his godsons and goddaughters present in the banquet: "You guys also need to understand the logic of important things first. Three kings inheritance is an opportunity that seldom appears in a hundred years. You need to grasp it as much as possible or else you will regret it for your lifetime."


 What he meant was: You guys better avoid any conflicts with Little Beast King.


 "Godfather is right."


 "Godfather’s words are reasonable and thought-provoking. Revenge is a dish best served cold!"


 "This Little Beast King won’t be able to keep bouncing for long, he killed Tie Ba Xue and chased Tie clan’s young master. We will talk after he is hunted down by Tie clan."


 "I heard people saying Tie clansmen have already secretly arrived at San Cha mountain..."


 "Godfather, wait till my cultivation reaches rank four, there won’t be a need for godfather to make a move, I will be able to deal with Little Beast King!"


 "Little Beast King won’t remain proud for long, under my thunderclap Gu, there won’t even be a corpse left of him!"


 ...


 These goddaughters and godsons talked one after another; some expressed great loyalty and said they would go through any difficulties for Century Boy. Some even fawned saying it was not worth for Century Boy to deal with Fang Yuan. Some judged the situation and bluntly said Fang Yuan’s joy would not last long.


 "Alright, alright, you are my godchildren. It was not in vain for me to have guided you!" Century Boy laughed loudly.


 Right at this time, a voice suddenly came in from outside the cave.


 "Century Boy, I am Fang Zheng, get out!"


 The merrymaking just before, the clamorous banquet suddenly turned into deathly quietness.


 Little Beast King!


 How could he come find trouble here?!


 Everyone’s eyes opened wide and looked at each other in shock.


 This was especially the case with Century Boy and his godsons and goddaughters; they were all stupefied and did not know what to do, not daring to utter a word.


 "Right, this is Little Beast King’s voice, it seems he really came." Li Xian held back his smile and broke the silence.


 Rock Lizard Li Qiang, Fiery Star Bao Tong and others all put their wine cups down with grave expressions.


 Crash! Century Boy smashed his wine cup on the table, then he gritted his teeth and shouted to the outside: "Little Beast King, I am here, what can I do for you?"


 Fang Yuan’s voice immediately came from outside the cave: "Hmph, Century Boy, you held such a huge banquet and invited all the heroes, but you actually didn’t invite me? Are you looking down on me? You don’t need to apologize, it is already too late for apologies. Since you are also a strength path Gu Master, then come out and exchange moves with me."


 When Century Boy heard this, he was startled, indignant and furious.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance made him startled. Fang Yuan’s brashness made him indignant. And Fang Yuan’s such words that made it seem like Century Boy was really going to apologize made him angry.


 However, Century Boy did not want to fight to the death with Fang Yuan. He looked around and shouted with a furious tone: "Little Beast King, don’t be too insolent! You came here to find trouble and have no consideration for anyone, you are simply looking down on all the numerous heroes here. I will tell you honestly, Lord Rock Lizard Li Qiang is here, there is also Lord Fiery Star Bao Tong and also young master Li Xian who is an emerging talent of the demonic path. Are you here to court death?"


 With these words, everyone in the banquet had different expressions, inwardly cursing this treacherous Century Boy who wanted to pull them down with him.


 However, Fang Yuan said: "Century Boy, you coward, the people you have invited are all heroes, but I can clearly tell you that I came to find trouble. But not with others, I came to find trouble especially with you! I want to recover the glory and the radiance of the ancient strength path. You are a puny coward who is damaging the name of the strength path, come out and accept your death."


 Li Qiang’s grave expression immediately relaxed at these words.


 Fang Yuan explained his purpose for coming clearly, it was directed at Century Boy and this let his mind slightly relax.


 "I did not think Lord Little Beast King knew our names." Bao Tong stroked his beard with a satisfied expression.


 Li Xian laughed darkly and looked at Century Boy with every intention to watch indifferently from the sidelines.


 Century Boy had become astute with age, his expression immediately sunk when he saw everyone’s expressions.



***
Chapter 368: Tearing the boy apart


***





 Chapter 368: Tearing the boy apart


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 As Fang Yuan scolded over there, Century Boy’s chest was burning with anger, thinking: "Although little beast king is strong, the reason he killed Tie Ba Xiu was due to the flying ability’s advantage. He is so young, I have eaten more salt than he has eaten rice , as long as I focus on defense, and not act recklessly, I will not be in any mortal danger."


 Being in public, Century Boy could only forcefully keep up a facade. If he avoided battle here, the reputation and fame he worked hard to earn for many years would be ruined at once.


 "But if I really cannot take it, I can still escape back to the cave. There are so many people here at the banquet, Fang Zheng would not dare to barge in. But what truly angers me is, what these people said earlier were nice words, but at the crucial moment, none of them are dependable!"


 Century Boy stared at his godson and goddaughters, feeling upset and disappointed.


 Speaking of which, among these godsons and daughters of his, only Xue San Si had the highest cultivation, and was the most outstanding among them, but Fang Yuan killed her already.


 "Little beast king, you are too arrogant and overbearing, today I will let you learn that older people are wiser!" Century Boy walked out of the cave, screaming furiously at Fang Yuan.


 He looked like a child, but his tone was old and experienced, it was a weird sight.


 "Cut the crap, receive my move!" Fang Yuan saw Century Boy walk out and laughed coldly, taking a huge step forward, like a tiger descending the mountain, charging forward with a burst of wind.


 All-out effort Gu!


 At once, beast phantoms appeared and caused Fang Yuan’s strength to increase sharply.


 Bam bam bam...


 Sounds of punches and kicks were heavy and continuously.


 Outside the cave, two strength path Gu Masters tangled together. They were close range fighters, every attack hit the target as they competed with brute force.


 After a while, they had battled over a hundred steps away, everywhere they rampaged through, mountain rocks broke, trees toppled, dust and twigs flew in the air.


 The Gu Masters in the banquet had left the cave, watching the battle.


 Bitter strength Gu!


 Fang Yuan gave up on defending, the more injured he got, the more strength he could exert.


 Moo!


 Suddenly, there was the sound of a bullcry as a large green bull phantom appeared above his head.


 This green bull has a huge body, twice the size of an elephant, its back was raised highly, thick and solid, and full of green moss.


 This was the mutated beast kunlun 1 bull, having the same status as Biao, dragon-elephant, thunder boar and rock crocodile!


 Fang Yuan exerted the strength of a kunlun bull!


 This strike was heavy, as the air exploded, emitting a thunderous roar.


 Century Boy was unable to guard in time, sent flying as his tiny body was like a ball, crashing through more than ten trees before stopping.


 He coughed out a mouthful of blood, staring fiercely at Fang Yuan.


 To think it is the kunlun bull strength, little beast king’s strength rose again!


 "Century Boy, I killed your goddaughter Xue San Si, didn’t you want revenge? Today, I will give you the chance." Fang Yuan smiled mockingly, charging again.


 "Little beast king, you are too arrogant, watch this!" Century Boy was red with anger, white smoke coming out of his eyebrows.


 He received Fang Yuan’s attack but did not counterattack.


 Century Boy was a demonic figure who had lived for over two hundred years, he had his abilities, and many trump cards.


 When he truly unleashed his strength, Fang Yuan started to feel pressured, on the verge of falling into a disadvantage.


 Strength Qi Gu!


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s shoulder shrugged, and a trace of strength qi shot out.


 Thunder boar phantom entered the strength qi and turned solid, charging towards Century Boy.


 Century Boy could only avoid the attack, as Fang Yuan starting attacking furiously behind the thunder boar. Century Boy’s counterattack vanished like smoke.


 Fang Yuan’s battle experience became more and more rich, and his mastery of this set of Gu worm rose.


 Before, he could not use strength qi Gu while attacking at close range, but now after tens of matches, he could coordinate his own body and his beast phantoms perfectly.


 Thunder boar charged bravely, smashing rocks and mounds along the way. Rock crocodile was tough, using its tail like a steel whip, and its teeth like razors, it was a ferocious beast. Kunlun bull had brute force and horn attacks, its back was like tough mountain rocks. These three beast phantoms, once activated, caused Century Boy to feel extremely outpaced as he hurriedly defended himself.


 Solid beast phantoms were the biggest threat to Century Boy. But after the beast phantom was destroyed, it turned back into a trace of strength qi.


 When Fang Yuan activates the strength qi Gu again, the beast phantom would appear good as new.


 "Thankfully, little beast king’s three beast phantoms can only be unleashed through luck. His all-out effort Gu is still rank three, it cannot summon these beast phantoms!"


 Century Boy was suppressed by Fang Yuan, but he felt glad secretly.


 Although Fang Yuan swapped his boar, crocodile, and green bull phantoms to thunder boar, rock crocodile, and kunlun bull phantoms, it caused his overall strength to rise but there was weaknesses.


 His all-out effort Gu was only rank three, it could not summon these three rank four phantoms at will.


 That is, unless Fang Yuan gets the undefeated hundred battles Gu from King Xin’s inheritance, and raise the all-out effort Gu to rank four.


 "Godfather’s situation is getting worse. Do we strike?"


 "Do you want to die? They are fighting so intensely, before we even join in, we will be turned into meat paste!"


 "Strong, way too strong. Among us, only Sky Tiger can contest, but she was killed by Fang Zheng long ago."


 "Do we just watch like this?"


 "What are you scared of? Is godfather so easy to deal with? He has his trump cards left!"


 Outside the cave, Century Boy’s godsons and daughters saw the intense battle and were trembling with fear, their limbs turning cold.


 Century Boy had a tiny body, his fighting style was to find loopholes and dodge everywhere, he liked to aim at crucial areas, when he punches and kicks, it forms an impact.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan attacked directly, punching and kicking, his arms like long spears while his legs were like large poles. At times, he caused explosive sounds when he attacked, giving off a dominating aura.


 Century Boy was suppressed gradually, and his moving space shrunk.


 These few months, Fang Yuan had improved in terms of Gu worms.


 Not only did he turn green bull into kunlun bull phantom, he also finished using essence iron bones Gu, and raised the toughness of his bones again, to about twice or thrice of before.


 Other than these, he also used the golden steel tendon Gu, turning his body tendons into the hardness of golden steel.


 Ancient bronze skin, essence iron bones, golden steel tendons...


 The three defenses molded into one, complementing each other as Fang Yuan’s defense rose sharply. Combined with the golden shield Gu, it was enough to handle the full strength of a rank four peak stage Gu Master!


 Century Boy was getting more frightened as he fought: "This little beast king, why is he so experienced?! I had the lower-hand at the start, and I tried to reverse the situation, but I did not succeed once! Is he still a young man? How can such a person be around twenty years old?"


 Century Boy thought about himself when he was twenty, compared to Fang Yuan, he felt that he had lived a dog’s life all these years!


 "No, I must retreat, this little beast king cannot be assessed by human standards. No wonder Tie Ba Xiu died in his hands, up till now, he has not used the bone wings Gu yet!


 Century Boy was suppressed by Fang Yuan, not even able to catch a breath. After thinking about it, he wanted to retreat.


 He turned his body, towards the cave.


 "Century Boy, are you afraid?" Fang Yuan activated charging crash Gu, chasing relentlessly.


 "Century Boy, with me here, where do you think you can go?" Bai Ning Bing suddenly jumped into the battlefield, blocking Century Boy’s path.


 "You!" Century Boy’s attention was on Fang Yuan, how would he expect Bai Ning Bing to appear right beside him, and strike an underhanded move? Caught off guard, he was hit by Bai Ning Bing’s attack head-on and lost his bearings.


 Fang Yuan did not give up such a good chance, unleashing a flurry of attacks.


 And his luck was finally shining, as thunder boar, rock crocodile, and kunlun bull, the three great phantoms all appeared at once.


 The great strength surged like a wave, flooding Century Boy like the attack of the sea.


 Century Boy did not even manage to scream out before Fang Yuan grabbed both his legs and tore him in half.


 "AHHH!"


 "Godfather, you died a pitiful death..."


 "Lord Century Boy!!"


 At once, everyone screamed in shock, as blood spewed, bones broke, and organs fell on the ground.


 "Hahah, so much for Century Boy, you are nothing much." Fang Yuan laughed as he raised his head, showing off an extreme arrogance.


 Blood poured on his face as he stared at the people in front of him, shouting unhappily: "Why are you being so noisy, Century Boy ran away at the last moment, timid like a rat, he is a disgrace to the strength path, he deserved death!"


 Suddenly, his expression eased, laughing: "Everyone here is a smart person and did not help this shameless rat. Come, let’s go in and drink. Li Xian, do you want the information regarding the three kings inheritance? I still have a deal with you."


 Everyone was shocked, worried, and also curious.


 Shock was because Fang Yuan was like a demonic god incarnate, killing another famous person and showing off a greater strength.


 Worry was because Fang Yuan killed people like cutting grass, he had just killed a person, but the next moment he started laughing, talking about life, he did not care about human lives at all. Being with such a person, anyone would feel intense pressure.


 Curious was because Fang Yuan knew the three kings inheritance’s secret, and wanted to deal with Li Xian. Could they get some information regarding the three kings inheritance from him?


 Everyone had a complex thought and could not decide.


 Fang Yuan walked briskly side by side with Bai Ning Bing into the cave.


 The people blocking the cave subconsciously gave way to them.


 Fang Yuan stepped into the banquet, and sat at the host’s seat, this was originally Century Boy’s seat.


 "All of you sit down, no need to be polite. Whoever dares to leave, is not giving me, Little Beast King, face!" Fang Yuan looked at everyone as he threatened fiercely.


 Rock Lizard Li Qiang, Fiery Star Bao Tong, and others were only rank four upper stage, they did not dare to speak although enraged, sitting down.


 Under the cold silence, everyone looked at each other, worried that Fang Yuan would start killing again, they could only sit down.


 Fang Yuan squinted as he showed a smile: "Since everyone respects me, I shall give you some benefits."


 Immediately after, he casually gave an information, regarding the life-saving token in the three kings inheritance.


 Everyone heard it and their eyes shone, memorising this information to heart.



***
Chapter 369: Understanding of the Demonic Path


***





 Chapter 369: Understanding of the Demonic Path


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "So there was such a chance at retreating in the three kings inheritance. If I obtain the token, I can move without restraint and wouldn’t have to retreat early," Bao Tong lamented.


 Li Qiang took the initiative to raise his wine cup and toasted Fang Yuan, "Lord Little Beast King’s words are truly worth a thousand gold. I raise this wine cup to congratulate sire for killing Century Boy, this scum of the strength path!"


 Tea cools down as soon as the person is gone ; Li Qiang had been talking so closely with Century Boy just before, but now the person had been changed to Fang Yuan, he immediately changed his words and called Century Boy the scum.


 "Hahaha, you flatter me." Fang Yuan, however, did not raise his wine cup, but looked at the godchildren of Century Boy and impatiently waved, "Today, I have exterminated the source of evil and my mood is also good, so I will give you guys a way out. If you don’t want to stay, then get lost. Get lost, get lost, don’t block my view!"


 With Century Boy’s death, these godsons and goddaughters were already feeling anxious and frightened, and could not help looking at each other when they heard Fang Yuan.


 "What? You want to stay and try to kill me?" Fang Yuan indifferently smiled.


 Immediately, there was an uproar, many people left awkwardly and the cave was instantly empty by half.


 However, among the godchildren of Century Boy, some still remained.


 "Lord Fang Zheng, you are my benefactor!" A godson suddenly kneeled and yelled with tears and snot falling down, "I was forced by that bastard Century Boy to take him as father, Lord Little Beast King, your dominance shakes the world and your aura overwhelms the lands, you have rescued me, you are my great savior!"


 "Lord Little Beast King, your power has thoroughly subdued my heart, please let me stay and serve you." A beautiful goddaughter pleaded alluringly.


 "Lord Little Beast King, you have rescued me from a disaster, I will never forget your great kindness. You have given me new life, please let me call you godfather!" An old man in his seventies kneeled on the ground and passionately shouted.


 Thump thump thump.


 Immediately, in front of Fang Yuan was a scene of kneeling people.


 With Century Boy, the head of this group’s, death, his force immediately collapsed. Many escaped while a portion looked for an alternative way out and wanted to rely on Fang Yuan.


 "Hahaha..." Fang Yuan laughed loudly, "Your words are really pleasant to the ears, good, good."


 The group of godchildren immediately showed a joyous expression.


 However, Fang Yuan’s smile suddenly stopped as he turned grim, he shouted: "A group of bootlickers! Killing is killing, crime is crime, why are you speaking of great kindness! I scorn this type of hypocritical praise. I like killing people, I like commiting crimes, listen, how direct is this, how pure is it. Screw off you lot, if you want to take revenge, then accumulate your strength, I will wait for you to challenge me!"


 The godchildren were shocked, frightened and stupefied.


 "Hmm?" Fang Yuan snorted and with a shift of his mind, a beast phantom charged forward, killing one person on the spot.


 The rest seemed to have startled awake; screams could be heard as they hurried to escape from the cave in a pathetic state and even pissed themselves.


 The remaining Gu Masters all had unsightly looks.


 Fang Yuan was very temperamental and easily killed people, causing the people around him to feel great pressure. Although Century Boy was hateful, he was many times more lovable when compared to Fang Yuan.


 Only Bai Ning Bing’s expression was tranquil as water; she was sitting on the left of Fang Yuan with her blue eyes half closed.


 Li Qiang had been raising his wine cup and still had not placed it down; right now, he forgot his embarrassment and forcefully smiled: "Lord Little Beast King, when cutting grass, you need to pull out the roots. You have let these people go, what if one day they make it big? Just to be safe, it is better to kill them all. Lord Little Beast King, it doesn’t matter if you don’t remember these people, I have memorized their faces. I will kill them in place of you as my thanks for the information you gave."


 "No need, no need." Fang Yuan leaned back on his chair and indifferently smiled.


 He had his own reasons for letting these people go, but it could not be said out loud.


 Thinking for a while, Fang Yuan said: "Since I started walking on the demonic path, I have never feared offending others. As long as I continue to get stronger, what is revenge? If ten people wants revenge, I will kill ten; if a hundred people wants revenge, I will kill a hundred. If the whole world wants revenge, I will exterminate the whole world! If someone succeeds in taking revenge against me, that will mean that I am not strong enough, that I didn’t try hard enough and that I neglected my cultivation; I deserve to die then!"


 A terrifying light flickered in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he said this, and when he swept his gaze around, he was like an evil ferocious beast that no one dared to match his gaze.


 "Little Beast King is ruthless to others, but is even more ruthless to himself!"


 "This Fang Zheng’s demonic nature is too strong! Not fearing revenge, not fearing death, placing his own life and death out of his considerations..."


 "Fang Zheng is crazy, his mind is not normal. Making an enemy out of him will be a nightmare!"


 Everyone that heard Fang Yuan felt their hearts go cold.


 Fang Yuan succeeded in intimidating everyone and did not take it too far, and smiled: "Let’s drink."


 Everyone raised their wine cups with trembling hands, they felt like they were accompanying a man-eating tiger and were in danger; the originally fine wine felt tasteless.


 But following immediately, Fang Yuan again talked of three kings inheritance and revealed many secrets.


 Everyone was engrossed, their breathing started becoming rough in excitement as they listened to the secrets.


 Only Li Xian was worried and bewildered: "What is this Little Beast King planning? He is actually revealing such precious information, what is he after?"


 The banquet lasted over after two hours.


 Fang Yuan killed Century Boy and occupied his cave, even taking charge of the banquet. While others wanted more secrets, they felt their trip was not in vain.


 When they got out of the cave, they even felt reluctant to leave and wanted to listen to even more news from the cave entrance.


 As for the original host of the banquet, Century Boy, his torn corpse was still on the ground and its blood had already seeped into the ground. The deathly white bones gave a cold shine under the moonlight.


 Everyone chatted and laughed, and as they walked past the corpse, no one threw a glance at this loser.


 This was the ending of the defeated in the demonic path.


 Losers are always in the wrong.


 All demonic Gu Masters, more or less, had such a common understanding.


 ...


 Light rain fell from the sky and made pitter-patter sounds.


 The sky was gloomy and the wind blew coldly.


 The light rain fell on a young girl’s hair, shoulders, back and finally, her whole body.


 "Young master Ruo Nan, the dead cannot be brought back, my condolences to you." The head of Tie clan’s four old-timers stood behind the girl and persuaded her with a concerned voice.


 But the girl did not speak, the eyes that were as bright as stars before lost its spirit and looked hollow, there was no longer a resolute and sharp gaze.


 Tie Ruo Nan looked at the tombstones in front of her in a daze.


 These tombstones were cut from the mountain stones and the names of the ones that slept under were carved on them.


 Tie Mu, Tie Dao Ku, Tie Xian Hua, Tie Ao Kai, Tie Ba Xiu...


 Each of these names could relate to the brightest and most profound memories in the depths of Tie Ruo Nan’s heart.


 However, the companions who walked alongside her and fought side by side had become cold corpses within the ground. Similar to Tie Ruo Nan’s heart, they would never have a trace of warmth.


 "It is I who harmed you, I didn’t fulfill the duty of a leader!"


 "You all died, but I am alive by myself. I am a coward..."


 "This is all a nightmare, father, I have blemished your name."


 Tie Ruo Nan fell into deep self-blame, besides this, there were also regret and bewilderment.


 This genius worked hard to climb up after experiencing her father’s death, and was like a slowly ascending star of the righteous path who received blessings and attention of countless people.


 But in the battle several months ago, Fang Yuan personally dropped this star into the abyss; she became a meteorite that smashed into a gloomy corner and was full of cracks.


 " Sigh ...." The head of the Tie clan’s four old-timers, Tie Xuan Zhi, looked at the thin and weak figure of the young girl in the rain, and heaved out a long sigh.


 However right at this time, an aged voice suddenly came from behind him: "It has been several months already, this child Ruo Nan is still like this?"


 Tie Xuan Zhi was startled and frightened!


 Who was it, they got so near but he did not sense it at all!


 At that instant, the hair on his body stood up and he turned around quickly and subconsciously tried to attack.


 However, a wizened hand softly touched his shoulder and a voice followed at the same time: "Xuan Zhi, compose yourself."


 Tie Xuan Zhi immediately felt his whole body turn stiff, the surging primeval sea in his aperture was suppressed by a formidable and formless force.


 It was like a high mountain had suddenly been suppressed.


 The grand head of the Tie clan’s four old-timers, the rank four upper stage Tie Xuan Zhi, could not budge even a bit at this moment, his whole body seemed to be confined like an insect trapped within amber!


 But when he saw the appearance of the person, Tie Xuan Zhi’s terror and despair immediately turned into ecstasy.


 "Ah, old clan leader!" Tie Xuan Zhi blurted out.


 The wizened old man who was standing in front of him was Tie clan’s previous generation clan leader, Tie Mu Bai!


 "I have already abdicated as clan leader. Now I am also not an elder, Xuan Zhi, you can just call me Mu Bai." The old man gently waved his hand and smiled.


 "Impossible, how could junior dare to call your great name!" Tie Xuan Zhi bowed his back deeply and greeted the old man respectfully.


 Towards the old man in front of him, Tie Xuan Zhi was filled with reverence and admiration.


 "Name is only a name, the name Tie Mu Bai was meant to be used. There is nothing inappropriate." The old man spoke calmly, vicissitudes of life were reflected in his eyes and he had already seen through fame and fortune.


 Tie Xuan Zhi wanted to speak but the old man slightly waved his hand and walked forward slowly toward Tie Ruo Nan.


 He stood in front of the tombstones with his back facing Tie Ruo Nan. He then gently caressed the stele and sighed: "Tie clansmen are buried at the place they die. This is the rule of Tie clan since it was established. Do you know why?"


 Tie Ruo Nan was still kneeling on the ground and showed no expression as if she did not hear anything.


 The old man continued: "Because to Tie clansmen, dying in the battlefield is the greatest honor! Tie Ba Xiu, Tie Mu, Tie Dao Ku, Tie Xian Hua, Tie Ao Kai, these people were the same, your father Tie Xue Leng was also the same. In the future when I die, it will also be the same. And when you die, it will still be the same."



***
Chapter 370: The Glory of Tie clan


***





 Chapter 370: The Glory of Tie clan


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Tie Ruo Nan’s eyes twitched and she slowly raised her head to look at this unacquainted but very familiar old man.


 "Our Tie clan, since it was established, had been world-renowned for our bravery, unswerving determination and our iron-cold justice. For many generations, Tie clansmen had been upholding justice and striking down on criminals, in this course, countless people have shed blood and sacrificed their lives. The youths that have died here won’t be the first and also won’t be the last. Do you understand?" The old man continued.


 Tie Ruo Nan slightly opened her mouth as if to say something but could not speak anything.


 "I am gratified because these people did not die in vain. But I also feel disappointed because you are living in vain. Tie Ruo Nan, do you know the criminal is still out there, getting away with his crimes, and still harming people. That little beast king Fang Zheng..."


 Tie Mu Bai paused here and then turned around and looked at Tie Ruo Nan, indifferently asking: "Do you want to uphold justice?"


 Tie Ruo Nan looked at this old man and finally recognized his identity.


 Tie Mu Bai, rank five peak stage! Tie clan’s previous generation clan leader, he moved unhindered in Southern Border and had dominated a region. When he was reigning, Tie clan was like an iron bucket that pressed down on Wu clan, Shang clan and other great clans, and became one of the heads of the righteous path, causing terror to the demonic path!


 Tie Ruo Nan’s deathly-still eyes suddenly twinkled with a spark, and she squeezed out a word with her hoarse voice: "Yes."


 "Good." The old man nodded, his gaze gentle and his tone as calm as before, "Starting now, I will impart the metal path to you, the Gu path that our Tie clan’s Gu Masters use to stand on top of Southern Border."


 Eight days later...


 Three kings inheritance opened once again; red, yellow and blue, three enormous light pillars pierced through the clouds and were visible even from thousands of miles away.


 However, San Cha mountain was a scene of stillness with no sound.


 Regardless of righteous path or demonic path, countless people looked at the peak - there, a seemingly ordinary wizened old man with grizzled hair and wrinkles all over his face was standing calmly with his hands behind his back.


 Not far from him, Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong and Wu Shen Tong had dark expressions.


 Just a moment ago, this old man suppressed the combined power of these five. He defeated them with no difficulty.


 "Powerful, truly powerful!"


 "Tie Mu Bai, Tie clan’s previous generation clan leader, was actually still alive!!"


 "Too fearsome, is this the power of rank five peak stage? Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and others simply cannot compare. It would be as easy as crushing ants for him to kill us!"


 "Who could have expected Tie clan to actually send their old clan leader. With this, Shang clan, Wu clan and every other clans are not Tie clan’s match!"


 "This is an expert of the old generation, little beast king is not worthy to even carry his shoes. In those days, when he moved unhindered in Southern Border, under his command, Tie clan gained powerful momentum and even suppressed Wu clan and almost became the sole head of righteous path!"


 "He is one of the most powerful clan leaders in Tie clan history. He is the glory of Tie clan, a role model of the righteous path and the symbol of justice. His battle accomplishments shines brilliantly and hasn’t lost its color even today!"


 After a short moment of silence, there was an uproar on San Cha mountain; sounds of admiration, cheers and terror.


 With Tie Mu Bai’s appearance, the power structure on San Cha mountain completely changed.


 Three days later, news made its way out.


 Originally, Divine Thief Lu Zuan Feng caused havoc in Tie clan and secretly infiltrated Demonic Suppression Tower multiple times, in the end disturbing Tie Mu Bai who had closed himself in cultivation.


 Tie Mu Bai personally struck and even though Lu Zuan Feng was a famous divine thief and also a rank five Gu Master, he received serious injuries and had a very narrow escape.


 After Tie clan settled this, their gaze gathered at San Cha mountain.


 Tie Ba Xiu’s death angered all Tie clan higher-ups. And just as they were about to send an expert over to reinforce the four old-timers, Tie Mu Bai said he was going to personally make a visit.


 He came to San Cha mountain and with his absolute strength, he easily prevailed over the experts of both righteous and demonic path. Even experts at the level of Yi Huo and Kong Ri Tian had to concede defeat.


 "From this day onwards, no demonic Gu Master may enter three kings inheritance." Tie Mu Bai stood at the peak of the mountain and after winning over the five rank four peak stage Gu Masters, he immediately made the announcement.


 With just himself, he swept up all the demonic Gu Masters on San Cha mountain!


 Demonic Gu Masters were very angry, however even though they were thousands in number, they did not dare to rebel against the rank five peak stage Tie Mu Bai, this supreme expert who stood at the peak of the mortal world.


 On that day, Kong Ri Tian and Long Qing Tian directly left the mountain with dark expressions.


 Then, Li Xian, Hu Mei Er and others also left sadly.


 "The laws of the heaven are vast, justice will prevail. Even if three kings inheritance is a demonic path inheritance, it will contribute its strength to our righteous path. Everyone, as long as we unite, sparks will gather little by little into a bright light that will cover the whole San Cha mountain. And no longer will there be dark places."


 Tie Mu Bai spoke sincerely, then slowly stepped into the three kings inheritance.


 There were huge cheers all around San Cha mountain, righteous path’s morale was boosted to the top; the congratulatory sounds continued endlessly like waves after wave.


 This time, the opening of the three kings inheritance lasted for more than half a month.


 Tie Mu Bai changed the power structure of San Cha mountain by himself, uniting the righteous path and banishing the demonic path, causing the situation to have a violent change. The aged body seemed to manifest the domineering aura of the former clan leader of Tie clan.


 Demonic path figures were all banished; they were still not resigned and thus stayed at the surroundings of San Cha mountain and watched as the three light pillars became thinner and thinner.


 After the inheritance closed, Tie Mu Bai held a banquet and invited all righteous path Gu Masters.


 The banquet was held in the outdoors and was spread over a vast area in the middle of the mountain. The Gu Masters used mountain rocks as tables and chairs, the aroma of wine and food spread everywhere, and they cheered and laughed.


 "Junior Yi Huo proposes a toast to senior." Yi Huo stood up with a wine cup in his hands and bowed deeply towards Tie Mu Bai who was sitting on the main seat.


 "In the few great clans, Shang clan always had talents appearing in large numbers. I heard Shang Yan Fei has already become the clan leader now? He had outstanding talent since young, you are also not bad. Take a seat." Tie Mu Bai said with a bit of recollection.


 With his seniority, Shang Yan Fei was also a junior.


 With his rank five peak stage cultivation, even though Shang Yan Fei had astonishing talent, he was still inferior.


 Yi Huo could only nod his head and slowly sit down, heaving a sigh inwardly.


 With Tie Mu Bai’s arrival, his plan to rule San Cha mountain was already cut at its root. He was unable to catch up to this expert of the old generation and simply did not have any chance of contending with him.


 "Old clan leader Tie, on behalf of Yi clan, I congratulate you on coming out of seclusion." Yi clan’s elder Yi chong had a fiery temperament, but he behaved like an obedient grandson in front of Tie Mu Bai.


 Gu Immortals always stayed in the background and their traces were rarely seen. To most of the people, rank four Gu Masters were feudal lords while rank five Gu Masters were the emperors that occupied the peak of the mortal world.


 Tie Mu Bai coming here was an emperor going on an inspection tour; these feudal lords could only bend their backs and visit the emperor for an audience.


 "Old clan leader Tie, you are the glory of our Southern Border’s righteous path and are still awe-inspiring as ever! With one sentence, you made all the demonic bastards retreat helplessly, making us juniors prostrate in admiration. Unfortunately, that little bastard Fang Zheng escaped pretty fast, escaping San Cha mountain few days before you came." Wu Shen Tong said darkly.


 "You are talking about little beast king, right?" Tie Mu Bai indifferently smiled without a hint of anger.


 "This little kid is outstanding, I heard his accomplishments are rather amazing. He worked hard alone and started from nothing to become a rising star of the demonic path at a rapid speed. He seems impulsive and unreasonable, but actually makes his moves after meticulous planning and is very good at scheming. It was not groundless for the several youths of Tie clan to die by his hands." Tie Mu Bai continued.


 His words shocked everyone present. As the victim’s family, the old Tie clan leader whose dignity was offended was actually praising his enemy in front of everyone.


 "This old clan leader Tie was rumored to have a fiery temperament with extreme abhorrence of evil. How come he seems to be different from the rumors, and instead is so cultured and indifferent to humiliation?" Wu Shen Tong was inwardly surprised and was just about to speak when he met with Tie Mu Bai’s gaze.


 The gaze contained the vicissitude of time and had unfathomable depth, a wisdom that had seen through and experienced all of the mortal world.


 Wu Shen Tong immediately felt his schemes had been seen through by this gaze; cold sweat dripped out of his body and he found it difficult to speak.


 "Do you find it strange?" Tie Mu Bai looked around and slowly spoke with a smile, "Why am I, who is called the glory of Tie clan, openly praising the mortal enemy of Tie clan?"


 "Hehehe, praising one’s enemy is increasing the enemy’s prestige and diminishing one’s morale. But in truth, how could the will of those resolute people be destroyed by these few words? By admiring your enemies, you can find their strong points and warn yourself of your weak points, and treat your enemy more seriously. Don’t let your wisdom be deceived by hatred."


 Tie Ruo Nan, who was standing behind Tie Mu Bai, shivered as she heard these words.


 She knew old clan leader Tie Mu Bai was saying this mostly to her.


 After Tie Mu Bai came out of inheritance, he had been guiding her all the time. He gave her metal path Gu worms and taught her his experiences in using them and also gave her knowledge on the outside world.


 Don’t let your wisdom be deceived by hatred... admire your enemies...


 Tie Ruo Nan thought over these words and pondered.


 "Ruo Nan, what do you think of Fang Zheng?" Tie Mu Bai suddenly called her.


 "Yes." Tie Ruo Nan took a step forward and reported, "Although I hate him very much, I have no choice but to admit Fang Zheng is very outstanding. He has the courage to take risks and also moves after scheming. Although he is a strength path Gu Master, he definitely has a formidable and extraordinary investigative method. This point can be seen from how he was able to intercept us."


 "The path elder Tie Ba Xiu and I chose was a very hidden path. We were able to deceive everyone else but only Fang Zheng was able to sense it and accurately intercept us. Old clan leader, you secretly arrived at San Cha mountain and no one knew of it, but only Fang Zheng sensed it and escaped early. Little beast king might be at the front of the limelight, but he conceals himself very deep and is absolutely not a person to be underestimated."


 "Good, good analysis." Tie Mu Bai nodded, his eyes revealing his praise.


 He continued: "In this world, there is a thing that is more precious than life. That is glory. Eons ago, Ren Zu’s eldest son Verdant Great Sun gave up his life while chasing for glory."


 "Ruo Nan, this Fang Zheng is a mission for you. Arrest him or kill him, wash away your humiliation and make it a glory that belongs to you. Many people call me the glory of Tie clan, but I will tell you Tie clan’s glory is not just me alone, but you guys, generations of people who stand for what’s right."


 Tie Mu Bai’s gaze looked at everyone present when he said this, his voice showing the grandeur of past.


 "Similarly, the glory of righteous path should be upheld by every one of us. Come, drink this cup to shine the glory of righteousness onto the world, let the radiance of this sun dispel the darkness and let the demonic path cease to exist!"


 "Dispel the darkness!"


 "Let the demonic path cease to exist!"


 All the righteous path Gu Masters raised their wine cups and shouted together. Their voices were powerful and spread a long distance; countless demonic paths figures’ expressions changed.


 "Damn it, this Tie Mu Bai..."


 "The glory of Tie clan, time has not been able to wash away his brilliance. Really a terrifying character."


 "He is dazzling like the sun... sigh, him coming out of seclusion is the bad luck of our demonic path!"



***
Chapter 371: Just let him fly a bit higher


***





 Chapter 371: Just let him fly a bit higher


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 .


 <> was the first classic of Gu. It appeared to be a story when one first read it but it actually held profound messages, recording the secrets of the ancient times and all kinds of Gu. Some Gu were directly described like wisdom Gu, strength Gu and so on. And some Gu were hidden, their descriptions were very vague, requiring the readers to dig through it and study carefully.


 In the legends of Ren Zu, divine travel Gu’s earliest appearance was beside Verdant Great Sun.


 Verdant Great Sun drank four different top-tier wines in the world; the dense liquor aura in his body congealed into divine travel Gu.


 Divine travel Gu had the power to send the Gu Master to any place in the world. But its activation required the Gu Master to be in a drunken state and its destination also could not be controlled.


 Verdant Great Sun was transported to many dangerous places and suffered a lot due to divine travel Gu, his life on the line several times.


 "Divine travel Gu might be one of the four great movement Gu and is very powerful at that, but its flaw is extremely big, who would dare to use it? Even Verdant Great Sun had no choice but to refine divine travel Gu into fixed immortal travel Gu in the end. No wonder the original master of this blessed land chose this Gu to refine into second aperture Gu."


 Fixed immortal travel Gu was also one of the four great movement Gu and could send the Gu Master to any place they wanted to, even if the destination was at the edge of the world. But the prerequisite was that the Gu Master needed to have a concrete impression of their destination. If there was any huge changes to their destination, they would fail in using the fixed immortal travel Gu.


 Fang Yuan carefully pondered and understood the intentions of this ancient strength path Gu Immortal.


 Divine travel Gu might be at the noble rank six but its every use carried extremely high risk and had low worth in using. Thus, Verdant Great Sun refined it into fixed immortal travel Gu, while this ancient strength path Gu Master thought of using it to refine second aperture Gu.


 The land spirit Ba Gui carefully resealed the divine travel Gu and asked: "When do you plan on beginning the refinement?"


 "There is no rush, let me first study this recipe properly." Fang Yuan sat cross-legged on the spot and closed his eyes to contemplate.


 Humans were the spirit of all living beings and Gu were the essence of the world.


 After a Gu Master’s cultivation reached a profound level, they would understand a principle; a Gu Master using Gu was not simply using the Gu worms as a tool. But rather, it was a way to understand heaven and earth.


 Gu worms were the vessels that carry the law fragments of the Great Dao. Refining Gu was not simply following random steps but was based on the understanding of law fragments.


 A recipe not only contained the process of refining Gu, but even more importantly, it contained its creator’s comprehension of heaven and earth.


 From this recipe, Fang Yuan could study the experimentation and insights of the original owner of this blessed land, the ancient strength path Gu Immortal. And when he compared them with his own experiences, he would gain an even deeper understanding of the Great Dao; this was absolutely a beneficial matter.


 "Gu Master can only have one aperture from birth, if there was a second aperture, this would truly be an act of defying heaven. I see why divine travel Gu was chosen."


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes after a long while, gaining a deeper understanding of the whole refinement process.


 "Land spirit, let’s start the refinement!"


 "Okay." Land spirit immediately responded and gave two kinds of materials and a Gu worm to Fang Yuan.


 First material was green pond rotten soil which originated ten thousand feet deep under a rotten and poisonous marsh, and was extremely toxic. Even Fang Yuan’s arm would be rotten within a few breaths if he touched it.


 Second material was a blood colored powder which had a rather large origin. The blood of eight kinds of immemorial desolate beasts were mixed, solidified and then grinded to form this powder.


 The Gu worm, however, was common and Fang Yuan had come in touch with it at Qing Mao mountain.


 It was earth treasury flower.


 Earth treasury flower was a storage Gu. Flower wine monk planted it in the depths of the cave to store several Gu worms which were obtained by Fang Yuan in the end.


 With the land spirit’s assistance, Fang Yuan mixed the green pond rotten soil and eight desolate blood powder.


 After the mixture became an evenly distributed soil, he planted the earth treasury flower in it.


 Earth treasury flower immediately decayed and died when it entered the soil. Whether it was the toxicity of the green pond rotten soil or the violent nature of the eight desolate blood powder, they both were something the earth treasury flower could not endure easily.


 However, Fang Yuan had already anticipated this situation and was not discouraged.


 Land spirit took out another earth treasury flower Gu, and Fang Yuan casually planted it.


 That ancient strength path Gu Immortal had already foreseen the probability of failure in every step and had thus prepared enough spare material.


 After continuously failing several times, Fang Yuan finally succeeded in planting the earth treasury flower in the soil.


 Green pool rotten soil’s toxicity and the blood power of the eight desolate blood powder formed a kind of subtle balance, causing a strange transformation within the earth treasury flower Gu.


 This was the first step of the recipe — rotten soil blood powder, treasure flower in the earth .


 Next was ’jade bone turned into petals, ice muscles into stalks and golden relic into the heart of the flower’ ; it required the use of jade bone Gu, ice muscle Gu and yellow golden relic Gu along with skilled Gu refinement techniques.


 Third step ’bright stellar fire, gather ice and snow into plains’ ; this could easily be misunderstood with stellar fire Gu and snowy plain Gu. But the firepower from that would be inadequate. In fact, the two phrases needed to be combined to be understood, the true answer was to use stellar fire prairie Gu together with snowy plain Gu, only then would there be balance.


 Fang Yuan followed the order one by one.


 At the fourth step ’Yang cloud burns with elixir fire below and yin clouds scatter sand like gold above’; this tested his multitasking ability.


 Fang Yuan first used yang cloud Gu with elixir fire Gu, then activated yin cloud Gu and used golden sand Gu.


 The yin and yang clouds mixed with the smoke from previous steps. Spheres of fiery orange elixir fire rose up from the yang cloud. The golden sand fell down from the yin cloud like a light drizzle.


 "Yin above and yang below is anti-balance... this is the critical juncture! Go, white elephant beast phantom." Fang Yuan’s eyes burst out with divine light as he activated all-out effort Gu and summoned white elephant phantom.


 White elephant phantom collided into the center of yin and yang clouds and was grinded down by elixir fire and golden sand.


 With a soft explosion, white elephant phantom turned into a ball of white light and revolved in the air.


 "Again, black python beast phantom." Fang Yuan pointed and sacrificed another beast strength phantom.


 Black python entered the center of the clouds and quickly turned into black ray and spun around the white light; the two were in an endless tangle.


 "Stone turtle beast phantom, horse beast phantom." Another two beast phantoms flew out of Fang Yuan’s body.


 Four beast phantoms tangled against each other and formed a whirlpool of colorful light, but there was still something lacking.


 "Strange! Why have they not fused?" Fang Yuan was baffled, this was the first difficulty he had ran into.


 The colorful whirlpool was being grinded down by the elixir fire and the golden sand, and was continuously becoming smaller; the multiple auras could not fuse together.


 Fang Yuan suddenly had a thought as he looked at the process which was about to end in failure: "Wait a second, could it be..."


 He began to control the four beast phantoms.


 White elephant beast phantom was steady and simple. Black python phantom was coiling and cold. Stone turtle phantom was still as a mountain. And horse beast phantom ran with the wind.


 These four beast phantoms were just carelessly tangling with each other before, but under Fang Yuan’s control now, each of them began to display their true disposition and nature.


 Boom!


 Thunder crackled and a strange transformation began.


 Yin and yang clouds moved, yin cloud sank down and yang cloud rose up; the two forming into a whole entity.


 The mist surged and mixed ceaselessly with lightning and thunder constantly crackling inside.


 "So it was like that. No wonder it needed strength path Gu Master, although those who merely possessed beast phantoms would still not be able to succeed. The Gu Master must understand the true nature of each beast phantom to start the fusion." Fang Yuan let out a breath of relief and comprehended the process.


 Rumble...


 Lightning crackled and thunder exploded.


 The sound was like war drums, becoming more condensed and finally blending into one.


 Boom Boom Boom...


 Under continuous rumbling sounds, the mist completely fused into one color before suddenly exploding.


 A frenzy wind blew, dispersing all the clouds and mist.


 Only one Gu remained in the air.


 This Gu was rank five Gu and was like a disk. Its surface was rough like an embryo made of grass and soil. In the middle of the disk was a ferocious beast with the head of a horse, tusks of an elephant, body of a turtle and the tail of a snake.


 "This is the beast strength placenta Gu." Fang Yuan relaxed his mind when he saw this Gu; the moment he relaxed, he fell down to the ground and fell asleep.


 He had used a total of five days and five nights to refine this Gu. He had not rested a moment during this time and had been multitasking the whole time; his mental energy had been used to the limits, and he was extremely exhausted.


 This sleep lasted for a day and a night before Fang Yuan woke up.


 He touched the beast strength placenta Gu and recalled the recipe: "Yang cloud burns with elixir fire below and yin clouds scatter sand like gold from above, add beast phantoms in the middle till lightning crackles, creating beast strength placenta, and start collecting apertures..."


 "Next is gathering apertures!" Thinking of this, he stood up and said to the land spirit: "Ba Gui, it is time."


 Ba Gui was also straightforward: "Alright, I can send you to wherever you want to go in the blessed land."


 A large map appeared in front of Fang Yuan along with all kinds of scenes, displaying everything in the blessed land.


 Everything from Gu Masters, hairy men, dog beasts and so on were clearly shown.


 "This place." Fang Yuan searched through the map before his gaze fixed on a place, and pointed at it.


 Next moment, Fang Yuan disappeared and appeared in front of Tie Mu Bai.


 "You." Tie Mu Bai was exploring the inheritance and was slightly surprised by Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance.


 But he calmed down soon and was just about to say something when Fang Yuan quickly waved his hand and luckily summoned a rock crocodile phantom.


 Bam!


 Tie Mu Bai’s head was smacked by the rock crocodile’s tail, and it exploded like a watermelon —


 He, was dead.



***
Chapter 379: All according to plan


***





 Chapter 379: All according to plan


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan killed Tie Mu Bai and immediately pounced on his headless corpse, grabbing his arm and letting his mind enter the aperture.


 The aperture walls were crystal clear, as the primeval sea ebbed and flowed.


 Rank five Gu Masters have purple crystal primeval essence. Initial stage is light purple primeval essence, middle stage is violet purple primeval essence, upper stage is deep purple primeval essence, and peak stage is crystal purple primeval essence.


 Tie Mu Bai was a rank five peak stage Gu Master, he had crystal clear primeval essence, like the liquid form of crystals, great power was hidden within its beautiful appearance.


 The difference between rank five peak stage and rank four upper stage was very huge. Furthermore, he had ninety-eight percent of such primeval essence, even a hundred Fang Yuan could not compare to him.


 In the purple crystal primeval sea, there were Gu worms flying.


 A golden small hand, flew randomly above the sea, like a golden light. This was Tie Mu Bai’s vital Gu, the rank five Gu worm that he had once used when he battled Ku Mo and Wu Gui on San Cha mountain — turn gold Gu!


 Turn gold Gu had great power, any lifeform that was hit by hit would turn into pure gold, losing their life.


 Even Ku Mo and Wu Gui did not dare to take the attack head on. As for Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and the other rank four peak stage cultivators, they did not even dare to observe the battle, taking the initiative to avoid them.


 This was Tie Mu Bai’s strongest long range attack method.


 If Fang Yuan tried to use long range battle, the beast phantoms that possessed the strength qi would turn into golden statues after being hit by the golden light, sacrificing themselves. Fang Yuan would not be able to retrieve them anymore.


 Other than turn gold Gu, at the bottom of the purple crystal sea, there was a yellow-gold current.


 This current was like melted gold, swimming at the bottom of the sea.


 This was the liquid metal Gu, also rank five, once activated, it had great defenses, and allowed a Gu Master to have no worries regarding defense. Most amazingly, it was liquid form, and could change its shape at will, even if it was broken through, it could regather itself like water, and was a tough nut to crack.


 If Tie Mu Bai used liquid metal Gu, even if Fang Yuan used all his strength, he would not be able to break this defense.


 In the purple crystal sea, there was another eyeball. It seemed inconspicuous, but it gave off a golden light at times, gathering attention and was more alluring than the stars in the sky.


 This was the vajra stare Gu.


 It was also rank five, but was not an investigative method, rather it was an attack type Gu.


 Once activated by a Gu Master, the formless stare gains attacking power, like a giant pole slamming into a person’s heart. Once eye contact was made, it could directly attack an opponent’s soul.


 This Gu was hidden by Tie Mu Bai, even during the battle against Ku Mo and Wu Gui, it was not used.


 Once used, it would be a contest of souls between both Gu Masters, and the victor would be decided, it was a trump card that should only be used at the end.


 Tie Mu Bai had once used many different Gu to strengthen his soul’s foundation. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan walked the strength path, his soul was not strengthened.


 If Tie Mu Bai used the vajra stare Gu, he just needed to maintain eye contact with Fang Yuan for a second, and Fang Yuan’s soul would be completely destroyed.


 To use this vajra stare Gu, golden eyes have to be used.


 If one used ordinary eyes for this, they might turn themselves blind. Only by using two golden eye Gu, and turning one’s own eyes into golden eyes could they use the vajra stare Gu safely.


 Evidently, since Tie Mu Bai had the vajra stare Gu, he naturally had golden eyes.


 Just like how Fang Yuan turned his skin into bronze skin, and bones into essence iron bones.


 Other than these three rank five Gu, Tie Mu Bai’s body also had four rank four Gu worms. Golden dragon Gu, golden breeze Gu, golden coat Gu, golden aurora Gu, all of them were outstanding Gu worms, and were high quality Gu worms within the metal path.


 These Gu worms were all excavated by Fang Yuan.


 After confirming that Tie Mu Bai did not have any other Gu worms on him, Fang Yuan took out the beast strength placenta Gu, and activated it around Tie Mu Bai’s stomach.


 After Tie Mu Bai lost his life, his aperture started to shrink. Right now, after being sucked by the beast strength placenta Gu, the aperture flew out of Tie Mu Bai’s body, and landed in the placenta, devoured by the wild beast inside the placenta.


 After devouring the aperture, the rough and coarse beast strength placenta Gu became lustrous and shiny, the original embryo looked like it was made of soil and had crevices on the surface, but now it looked different, thick and tightly packed, just like a concrete brick.


 This beast strength placenta Gu was used like this, according to the blessed land’s original owner’s peculiar idea. Continuously absorbing Gu Masters aperture, then slowly accumulating and changing qualitatively.


 To refine the second aperture Gu, apertures were naturally the main ingredient.


 The beast strength placenta Gu that was refined was intended to plunder other people’s apertures. Killing lives to attain success, this was a demonic path method, one could easily tell that the ancient strength path Gu Immortal was not a kind person.


 This beast strength placenta Gu, if others used it, they might feel guilt, but Fang Yuan was extremely fine with using it, he had no mental pressure at all.


 In his previous life, to refine the Spring Autumn Cicada, he killed people in more than ten thousand miles of land, blood flowed into a river as he caused an immense bloodshed in the world, he could not even count how many people he killed. How could killing a single Gu Master now affect him?


 "Good, good, good! This beast strength placenta Gu, after absorbing Tie Mu Bai’s aperture, it already raised the second aperture Gu’s aptitude to forty percent. Great, excellent."


 "Using numbers to make up for quality in order to break through, this is the rule of using sheer quantity to trigger a qualitative change. Going beyond the mortal world, and becoming an Immortal Gu, how can there be no price to pay? Back then when I refined the Spring Autumn Cicada, I slaughtered over ten million people, that was also because of this."


 "The better the aperture that is absorbed and the larger the numbers, the higher the aptitude of the second aperture Gu that is refined in the future. Next, I have to kill Gu Masters, go on a killing spree and use all their apertures to raise my beast strength placenta Gu. Hahaha, hahahaha..."


 Fang Yuan inspected the beast strength placenta Gu carefully, extremely pleased and raised his head up as he laughed.


 Why did he kill Tie clan’s group? It was to make Tie clan furious and send a rank five Gu Master.


 The arrival of one rank five Gu Master would break the balance, causing a chain reaction and attracting even more rank five Gu Masters.


 "These rank five, rank four Gu Masters are all my prey! To assist me in refining the second aperture Gu!" Fang Yuan laughed.


 All his plots and schemes, these few years of planning, and all the risks he took, it was all for this moment.


 How incredibly amazing is this, this is the best feeling!!


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, his black hair flying with the wind, as demonic blaze burned in his eyes.


 Looking at actual battle strength, the rank five peak stage Tie Mu Bai was over a hundred times stronger than Fang Yuan!


 Just simply the turn gold Gu, if Fang Yuan was hit, he would be dead, there was no way to survive.


 Even if Tie Mu Bai only used rank four Gu, his rank five peak stage crystal purple primeval essence was not something Fang Yuan’s yellow gold primeval essence could compete with.


 But!


 In the three kings inheritance, Gu Masters were restricted by the heavenly power, and were unable to use their Gu worms, at the same time, their defenses were all limited, and they became extremely fragile.


 But Fang Yuan was different —


 He has the land spirit’s help.


 What was the land spirit? The lord of the blessed land! With its help, Fang Yuan could use his Gu worms inside the three kings inheritance.


 Meanwhile, Tie Mu Bai had his rank five peak stage cultivation, but his strong Gu set was unusable.


 Standing before Fang Yuan, he was a living target, just a livestock. Stripped of all his defenses, he was fragile as a baby.


 He could not even use a single metal path Gu worm, he could not even self-detonate.


 He worked hard all his life, accumulating this set of Gu worms, and now it all went to Fang Yuan.


 After Fang Yuan killed Tie Mu Bai, he kept all the Gu worms inside his aperture.


 The Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura could only suppress rank four Gu worms. These three rank five Gu could not be controlled by Fang Yuan, but because of the location, these Gu worms were restricted by the heavenly power, unable to move at all.


 As Fang Yuan’s primeval essence refined them, they gave up and changed owners.


 "Good, you obtained a rank five peak stage aperture, this way, the second aperture Gu’s aptitude has risen to forty percent. But you must take note, to transport you earlier, and support your attack, we expended quite a bit of immortal essence." Land spirit’s voice came, warning Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan stopped laughing, his expression calming down: "I have already considered that."


 He sneered, his eyes glowing with brilliance, as his tone was extremely confident and in control of the situation.


 He continued: "Ba Gui, you have slept for too long, the blessed land was remodelled by the three kings, you lost too much control of it. Even as the spirit of the blessed land, although you can overwrite these changes, that would use up too much immortal essence. There is little immortal essence left inside the cauldron, if we split these essence into sixteen portions, then the amount we used earlier would be half a portion."


 Ba Gui was stunned, praising: "You are absolutely correct. You actually managed to calculate the expenditure of the immortal essence so accurately, your performance has truly amazed me!"


 Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal in his past life, he was extremely familiar with the use of immortal essence. It was easy to make such accurate calculations.


 "I estimate that among the sixteen portions, at least eight is needed for the refinement of the second aperture Gu. As for the remaining eight, we need four to sustain the blessed land, and to kill Gu Masters, we need a bit more than three portions. The final bit would be kept to deal with emergencies.


 But Ba Gui said: "Young man, you are wrong this time. To refine the Immortal Gu, we need ten portions, and to maintain the three kings inheritance, we only need two. After you kill enough people, I will close the blessed land."


 "No, I am not wrong." Fang Yuan shook his head: "To refine the second aperture Gu, although we need to expend immortal essence, the expenditure of some steps can be replaced with primeval stones. That way, we can save two portions of immortal essence. Furthermore, you cannot close the inheritance, you have to keep the entrance open the entire time."


 "Why?" Land spirit asked.


 Fang Yuan replied: "Because once you close the inheritance, the matter of me killing rank five Gu Masters would be exposed. By then, such a situation would attract even stronger foes."


 "Even if you close the blessed land, you cannot chase away the Gu Masters who remain in the inheritance. That is because the three kings modified the blessed land, you will need to waste a lot of immortal essence to expel them. Immortal essence is already running low, even portion is important, it is needed for refinement."


 "Towards the later stage of the refinement, immortal essence will run low, and the blessed land will be on the brink of collapsing, and have lots of loopholes, connecting to the outside world. It is no use closing the blessed land, when your strength falls drastically, this hall would be discovered. By then, we would be attacked by the Gu Masters, and the refinement would be likely to fail."


 After a while of silence, the land spirit said: "You are right, but your method has a fatal flaw. If we use primeval stones to replace the immortal essence, you need at least thirty million primeval stones. Do you have so many?"


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly!


 "I only have a million primeval stones on me, it is obviously not enough. But it is not a problem, there are other Gu Masters, especially these rank four and five Gu Masters, they are definitely rich, after we kill them, do we have to worry about primeval stones?"


 Ba Gui considered it for a bit: "You are right, the help I can give you will shrink. Towards the end of the refinement, that is the most important step, we will act according to your suggestion."



***
Chapter 380: Slaughtering Rank Five


***





 Chapter 380: Slaughtering Rank Five


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 A battle between dogs ended.


 "Steel armor dog group’s defense is so strong." The rank five demonic Gu Master Ku Mo had several hundred steel armor dogs around him, feeling extremely pleased.


 The steel armor dogs had thick leather armor, black and heavy, like steel. In the King Quan Inheritance, it had the greatest defense among dogs for the first fifty rounds.


 Just earlier, Ku Mo controlled the dog groups, and had a victorious battle.


 His battle result was outstanding, using the dog enslavement Gu to recruit a jade eye dog king.


 This jade eye dog king was not only a hundred beast king, it also had a wild Gu worm that was effective against the Yin dogs.


 "Last time, I failed because of the Yin dogs. Ordinary dogs cannot hit these formless bodies, with the jade eye dog king, I have no fear now."


 This was only the eighteenth round of the King Quan Inheritance, and Ku Mo already had a dog king, and a large number of steel armor dogs.


 He was after all a rank five Gu Master, he had amazing methods.


 At the same time, his luck this time was great.


 King Quan Inheritance was like this, it was the one which required luck the most among the three inheritances. If you start out well, your advantages will snowball and make it easier to pass the middle and later stages.


 "Last time, I only got to the sixty-eighth round, I am too embarrassed to speak of such a result! This time, I got lucky and had such a great start. But I cannot be complacent, Tie Mu Bai chose King Xin Inheritance this time, I heard that previously, he got to over eighty rounds."


 Thinking of Tie Mu Bai, Ku Mo’s heart became heavy.


 He knew that if he fought alone, he was not Tie Mu Bai’s match. Thus, when he chose the inheritance, he purposely avoided Tie Mu Bai, and chose the King Quan Inheritance.


 The truth is, among the three inheritances, King Xin Inheritance was the easiest to get through for the first few rounds. The Gu Master can disrupt the hairy men with words, and win without a fight.


 This shortcut method was obviously spread out by Fang Yuan.


 Ku Mo thought about it for a while, before collecting his thoughts and decided to use his time to continue advancing through the rounds.


 Just at this moment, before him, space tore open and an unfamiliar young man appeared.


 "Eh? Who is it!" Ku Mo was shocked!


 He had tried the three kings inheritance many times. He had a clear understanding of it, but this scene had happened before him causing him to be stunned in disbelief.


 The person was naturally Fang Yuan.


 He heard Ku Mo’s shouting and laughed: "Who is it? The person who wants your life!"


 Saying so, he activated golden dragon Gu.


 The golden dragon appeared, roaring. Its dragon whiskers swayed with the wind, as its dragon eyes stared fiercely, brandishing its four fearsome claws.


 Ku Mo saw this and almost peed his pants!


 He screamed in disbelief: "How can this be! How can you use any Gu? How is this possible!!!"


 Moments before death, he shuddered and activated his Gu worms hurriedly.


 But he got no response.


 Roar!


 Golden dragon came attacking, scratching and almost smashing his entire upper body.


 The great Ku Mo, an expert of a generation, and old demonic powerhouse, died just like this.


 When he died, he did not even manage to use his token. Of course, with the land spirit’s manipulation, even if he used the token, there would be no effect.


 "Golden dragon Gu attacks really fiercely, but the handling is so rough, I cannot control it meticulously." Fang Yuan recalled the attack, he had wanted to just smash Ku Mo’s skull, but he ended up destroying his entire upper body, slightly shocking him.


 Thankfully, the aperture was near the stomach, and did not get destroyed.


 Fang Yuan walked forward, his mind entering the aperture, and started to loot it.


 Ku Mo had eight Gu worms, but only one rank five Gu, called soft bones Gu, it was very despicable.


 This Gu could turn the bones of any lifeforms soft within a radius of twenty-five kilometres. Even if Fang Yuan turned his bones into essence iron bones, he would still be affected and his bones would turn soft eventually. By then, Fang Yuan would have no way to fight back.


 Without his skeleton to support him, he would be like a paralyzed man, lying on the ground, his intestines would squeeze together and his blood vessels and muscles would clog one another. Even without any external attacks, before long, he would die from this.


 As for his other seven Gu, they were all rank four. These Gu all had to do with the bone path, and were not particularly good ones.


 "It’s a pity, I do not know much about the bone path, the most I can do is scratch the surface of it. If I inherit this set of Gu worms, the battle strength I can display would not be half of Ku Mo. I should keep it for now." Fang Yuan assessed in his mind.


 At Ku Mo’s level, the Gu set he created was completely customised for himself, using his battle style, his understanding of the bone path, and his understanding towards battles and Gu masters.


 Fang Yuan was most skilled in the blood path. In his previous life, he benefited from the blood sea inheritance, and used the blood path to start his conquest. He had a deep understanding of the blood path, if Ku Mo was a blood path Gu Master, the situation would be different.


 After taking Ku Mo’s Gu worms, Fang Yuan used the beast strength placenta Gu and devoured his aperture.


 After receiving nutrients, beast strength placenta Gu grew a little again. Its concrete surface had a thin layer of luster, and the surface was smoother, like poorly made porcelain.


 It was a pity for Ku Mo, a great expert born as a lone cultivator, slogging it out alone his whole life. He had many encounters and opportunities in his life, and together with his hard work, after experiencing great hardships, he reached this level.


 Eventually, he died, and all his hard work and fruits of his labor became Fang Yuan’s loot. A great rank five Gu Master fell from the apex, becoming Fang Yuan’s stepping stone.


 "Too bad the dog enslavement Gu can’t be taken back, if not these dogs would be mine to manipulate too." Fang Yuan looked at the dogs as he sighed, vanishing on the spot.


 ...


 A battle was ongoing intensely.


 Wu Gui manipulated the chrysanthemum akita dogs, fighting and entangling with a large pack of lightning symbol dogs.


 Chrysanthemum akita dogs were a type of dog with great unity, the greater their numbers, the greater their strength. But Wu Gui was unlucky, he had only forty or so chrysanthemum akita dogs.


 He placed these dogs at the frontline, as he concentrated in controlling them.


 The chrysanthemum akita dogs were fighting a lightning symbol dog dog pack five times their sizes, they were all injured but not dead. The exquisite combination and cooperation showed Wu Gui’s exemplary talent in enslaving beasts.


 Wu Gui had become an enslavement path Gu Master many years ago, but eventually because of a lack of resources, he had to change paths.


 Swoosh!


 Fang Yuan suddenly appeared behind Wu Gui.


 Wu Gui was spending all his effort controlling the chrysanthemum akita dogs, he did not sense Fang Yuan’s arrival.


 If it was during normal times, he would use an investigative Gu, and once Fang Yuan appeared, he would get attacked immediately. But in this Gu Immortal blessed land, he was just an ordinary person only able to control dog enslavement Gu and some others, all the body modifications on him were also completely restricted.


 Of course, it was also due to Wu Gui concentrating deeply on the dog battle.


 Fang Yuan did not trash talk, he waved his hand and a bone spike flew out.


 Puchi!


 A crisp sound, and a long spear-like bone spike pierced Wu Gui’s heart, as the sharp pointy tip stabbed into the ground.


 Wu Gui’s pupils shrunk to pin-size as he was completely stunned and confused at this fatal attack.


 "Who... tried to kill me!" He opened his mouth and fresh blood oozed out like a river.


 He slowly turned around, trying desperately to see the culprit’s face.


 But unfortunately, he lost all signs of life when he turned halfway.


 Wu Gui’s body collapsed like a pile of mud, hanging on the bone spike.


 This demonic expert who was even more senior than Tie Mu Bai, famous two hundred years ago, had died as well.


 When he died, his eyes were staring wide, trying to see who was his murderer.


 But this simple wish was not granted.


 The great Wu Gui, died with a grievance!


 After he died, the chrysanthemum akita dogs who lost their master’s manipulation immediately got engulfed by the lightning symbol dogs. These lightning symbol dogs howled as they pounced on Fang Yuan.


 Roar!


 Fang Yuan waved his hand, as the golden dragon appeared again, slaughtering all these lightning symbol dogs who did not know better.


 Fang Yuan quickly came to Wu Gui’s corpse, doing the same thing again. Keeping his Gu worms then feeding his aperture to the beast strength placenta Gu.


 Wu Gui had one rank five Gu.


 It was oval and black like a yuhua stone 1 . But the surface had seven white markings, and it looked extremely peculiar and dark. It was the pitch black Gu.


 Once the Gu is activated, it would ooze out black smoke. Any Gu worms below rank six would get contaminated by the black smoke and receive various degrees of sealing, losing their abilities.


 As for his other Gu worms, there were eight to nine, all rank four. But they were mixed among different paths, and were a mess, unlike Ku Mo and Tie Mu Bai’s complete Gu set.


 "These are Wu Gui’s Gu worms, although they can form into a set, they are not a complete set. The reason why he can roam the southern border is mostly due to the pitch black Gu."


 Undeniably, pitch black Gu is an extremely useful rank five Gu.


 Fang Yuan was extremely happy to have obtained it.


 He kept the pitch black Gu into his aperture, but placed the rest of the rank four Gu into his pocket.


 His aperture already had many Gu worms, among them, he had five rank five Gu worms, and many rank four Gu. This was placing a lot of pressure on his aperture.


 Mostly importantly, it was due to the Spring Autumn Cicada, this rank six Gu was recovering, and it was emitting great pressure on Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 "The flow of time in the blessed land is three times out the outside world, accelerating Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery. I have to race against time, quickly refining the second aperture Gu. With the second aperture, I would be able to relieve the pressure Spring Autumn Cicada is giving me."


 To Fang Yuan, the situation was extremely rushed.


 He did not only want to refine the second aperture Gu, he also wanted to guard against this major threat, the Spring Autumn Cicada. Towards the end of the refinement, the blessed land would be full of flaws, and after connecting to the outside world, he might receive the group attack of many Gu Masters.


 By then, the land spirit would be weak and powerless, it would be useless and Fang Yuan would be in the most danger during that period.


 "Refining the second aperture Gu, to closer we get to the end, the tougher it gets. Especially that final step, I need to use the divine travel Gu, I will need to focus and concentrate, my body would be in huge danger!"


 Wu Gui’s demise, was the best lesson to Fang Yuan, he had to guard against such situations.


 But his situation was slightly different.


 "I have another chess piece, that is Bai Ning Bing! Hehehe, she used the poison vow Gu before, she can be trusted. It seems that towards the end, I will need her to protect me."


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan vanished, and appeared before Bai Ning Bing.


 "Fang Yuan, how did you get here so suddenly?" Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan, shocked and suspicious.



***
Chapter 381: All must die!


***





 Chapter 381: All must die!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bai Ning Bing widened her eyes in shock as Fang Yuan suddenly appeared out of nowhere.


 By now, Gu Masters already had a clear understanding of the three kings inheritance. And because she was at Fang Yuan’s side, Bai Ning Bing had much deeper understanding of three kings inheritance.


 However, precisely because of this ’deep understanding’, she was even more shocked.


 Fang Yuan’s sudden appearance looked like a simple phenomenon but it contained astonishing implications!


 "Bai Ning Bing, do you still remember our vow? I wonder if you still want Yang Gu now?" Fang Yuan did not mention how he appeared but looked at Bai Ning Bing with his unfathomable and abyssal gaze with his hands behind his back.


 "Hmph, as if you don’t know the answer." Bai Ning Bing snorted and narrowed her blue eyes.


 She knew Fang Yuan would not speak aimlessly, he definitely had a motive: "It seems you need my help? Speak up, don’t try to conceal anything, otherwise I will not help."


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly without being moved: "Back at Shang clan city, we took a poison vow that if one side is in mortal danger, the other must help. I will tell you truthfully that not long later, I will be besieged by Gu Masters and I need you as my protector to block any obstruction towards my Gu refinement."


 "Gu Masters’ besiegement? Hehe, I am not surprised, there are plenty of Gu Masters who want to kill you. But refining Gu? What Gu are you refining?"


 Fang Yuan was straightforward this time and told the whole story directly.


 The most important thing now was that he needed Bai Ning Bing’s full cooperation. This matter also could not be concealed. Bai Ning Bing was not someone so easy to fool.


 If because of him hiding the truth, some misunderstanding occurred and caused the Gu refinement to fail in the end, it would be truly disastrous.


 "What! This Gu Immortal blessed land’s land spirit is still alive? You are refining an Immortal Gu? You have truly large guts, you are looking for your own doom! Wait a second. What did you say just now? You killed Tie Mu Bai, and also Wu Gui and Ku Mo?"


 Fang Yuan kept it brief and said the whole story in a few sentences but the information it contained was huge, sending an enormous shock to Bai Ning Bing’s mind.


 She felt like she was listening to a story.


 Fang Yuan did not speak anymore but directly took out his loot.


 "These Gu!" Bai Ning Bing looked at the Gu worms Fang Yuan took out and was flabbergasted, even losing her self-control.


 These Gu were genuine. They were the best proof.


 "You really killed them?" Bai Ning Bing stared at Fang Yuan, shock clearly visible in her eyes.


 Who was Tie Mu Bai?


 He was Southern Border’s super clan Tie clan’s previous clan leader.


 He was a genius with outstanding innate talent, his temperament was even more firm and unyielding.


 His battle accomplishments in his whole life shone with splendor. And with his talent, he researched many battle tactics of the metal path, causing countless enemies to be terror-stricken by the mention of him.


 At a young age, he roamed outside and his name spread throughout Southern Border. In his middle years, he ruled Tie clan with an iron fist and made everyone fear him. At his old age, he became an emperor of a region, his reputation spread wide with no one daring to disobey him!


 He was venerated as the glory of Tie clan, radiance of the righteous path. When he announced his seclusion and retirement, many people, be it demonic path or righteous path, let out a breath of relief.


 Now, he was out of seclusion and that shook many clans. Even Shang Yan Fei would have to bow in front of him to greet him.


 The rank five Gu Master of Wu clan Wu Lan Shan was the cousin of the current Wu clan leader, but even she had to bow despite her pride when facing Tie Mu Bai.


 And this Tie Mu Bai had died by Fang Yuan’s hands!


 Not only him, Wu Gui and Ku Mo, two rank five Gu Masters also lost their lives to Fang Yuan!


 Even more absurdly, not only did they die, all their Gu worms were taken by Fang Yuan!!


 "These three rank five Gu Masters really died with grievance..." even Bai Ning Bing, this outsider, felt stifled at the deaths of Tie Mu Bai and others.


 "Alright, it is about time. Next, I will send you to King Quan Inheritance. Advance through the rounds according to my instructions. I need dog beasts, the more the better." Fang Yuan’s tone was hasty.


 "Hmph, I did not say I will help you." Bai Ning Bing’s gaze flickered.


 Fang Yuan smiled: "Don’t worry, if I succeed, I will give Yang Gu to you. Besides, there will be other benefits as well. After leaving San Cha mountain, you can go wherever you want to, I won’t stop you if you want to part ways and will also welcome you if you want to go together. But whether you agree or not, I will refine the Gu."


 Bai Ning Bing was exasperated: "You! You shameless guy, you are relying on the poison vow to force me?"


 If Fang Yuan was attacked and died while refining Gu, then according to the poison vow, Bai Ning Bing would also die. That is to say, Bai Ning Bing must protect Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sighed, his tone became mild and even seemed to have a trace of gentleness: "Ning Bing, this is not a threat, but cooperation. Think about it, since Qing Mao mountain, we have been cooperating, and no dangers have been able to stop us as many enemies fell under our feet. This time is also not an exception. Weren’t you always wanting Yang Gu? You can turn back to a male when you obtain it. Or have you have become fond of your female identity?"


 Bai Ning Bing felt goosebumps all over her when she heard Fang Yuan call her Ning Bing.


 And when she heard Fang Yuan’s final sentence, she clearly knew Fang Yuan was spurring her; she could not help feeling provoked and shouted: "Shut your mouth!"


 "It is settled then." Fang Yuan laughed loudly and waved his hand, giving Bai Ning Bing a dog enslavement Gu, then disappeared.


 The scene before Bai Ning Bing also changed suddenly, and she was sent to the first round of King Quan Inheritance by the land spirit.


 Fang Yuan suddenly appeared in front of Wu Lan Shan.


 Wu Lan Shan got a shock when someone suddenly appeared in front of her. But she was a famed figure and a majestic rank five Gu Master, calming her mind in seconds.


 "Little Beast King, it is you! You can casually enter and exit this place?" Wu Lan Shan retreated a step, sharp light blossoming in her beautiful eyes.


 Fang Yuan pointed his little finger and shot out a bone spear.


 Puchi!


 There was a soft sound as the bone spear pierced through Wu Lan Shan’s heart like lightning.


 Wu Lan Shan’s beautiful flower-like appearance seemed to be frozen as she looked at Fang Yuan incredulously: "You... you can use Gu?"


 The moment she finished saying this, her aura dissipated indicating her demise.


 Another rank five Gu Master died.


 However, Fang Yuan did not obtain her rank five Gu.


 The moment Wu Lan Shan died, a mysterious light burst out of her body and enveloped her three rank five Gu worms, tearing through space and bringing them away.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised, he knew Wu clan had a rank six Immortal Gu called no loss Gu which possessed the mystical ability to retrieve precious Gu worms.


 Although this blessed land could restricted Gu worms of rank one to five, it could not restrict Immortal Gu.


 In fact, no blessed lands can restrict the abilities of Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan took the rest of the rank four Gu which were also quite valuable. After that, he took out beast placenta Gu and swallowed Wu Lan Shan’s aperture.


 This was already the fourth rank five Gu Master’s aperture.


 Beast placenta Gu was nourished and looked like a delicate pottery, and gave a sleek feeling at touch.


 Fang Yuan analyzed it and found the aptitude had increased to seventy-five percent.


 The aptitude became more difficult to raise the higher it became. At first, the aptitude had directly raised to forty percent when the beast placenta Gu had swallowed just Tie Mu Bai’s aperture. Later, it swallowed apertures of Wu Gui, Ku Mo and Wu Lan Shan in a row, and was only able to raise by another thirty-five percent.


 "Of course, this has to do with the foundation of the Gu Master. There are altogether five rank five Gu Masters on San Cha mountain. But only Tie Mu Bai, Ku Mo and Wu Gui are at rank five peak stage; among them, Tie Mu Bai’s foundation was the most profound with the huge amount of resources from Tie clan. Wu Lan Shan and Wang Xiao are both at rank five upper stage. And Chou Jiu is only at rank five initial stage. Killing these people might not be enough to raise the aptitude by another ten percent. But no worries, there are plenty of Gu Masters, Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and the rest, all of them must die!"


 ...


 "Corpse dog is purple all over, its skin is slightly rotten, its lower back is crooked and its canines protrude out. Use Yin dogs to restrain them and you will definitely succeed."


 "Choose the left path, the reward for that round is three tasks at once Gu which will be of great help to you."


 "Next, you will encounter a heavy tai dog king. It is in a seriously injured state but is even more ferocious. You will need to sacrifice a lot of dogs to capture it. This dog king is the only heavy tai dog king in the first twenty rounds. At the twenty-second round, there will be a large group of wandering heavy tai dogs, you can use heavy tai dog king to directly recruit them without losing anything!"


 There would be a voice guiding Bai Ning Bing every time she progressed through a round.


 This voice was of the land spirit.


 Immortal essence was scarce, the land spirit moved Bai Ning Bing to King Quan Inheritance and was not willing to misuse immortal essence on her.


 Bai Ning Bing could only go through each round personally.


 However, although the land spirit’s control over the blessed land had fallen to rock bottom, it was extremely clear about the contents of three kings inheritance.


 There was almost no loss in immortal essence for it to guide Bai Ning Bing, but to Bai Ning Bing, it was of extremely huge help; as if there was a bright lantern guiding Bai Ning Bing through the dark tunnel.


 Bai Ning Bing was able to make best choice at every round and her strength continued to expand like a snowball.


 "Next, you will encounter a Gu Master as your opponent. But no need to worry, he has just fought a huge battle and only has few dog beasts remaining, you will be able to eliminate him easily. At that time, I will confine him, and after you kill him and take his Gu, you can greatly increase the number of your Gu worms." The land spirit guided again.


 Bai Ning Bing nodded and slowly walked out of the fog.


 "It is you..." Her opponent was clearly shocked at her sight.


 Bai Ning Bing was also stupefied, this person was none other than the person who had tried to make things difficult for her and Fang Yuan before he entered the inheritance; the Yun clan’s young clan leader Yun Luo Tian.


 Yun Luo Tian arrogantly snorted: "You are called Bai Ning Bing, right? It is your bad luck you ran into me, you don’t even have half the amount of dogs I have..."


 He had not even finished speaking when he stopped. His eyes opened wide and his throat let out a strange ka ka sound like a rooster that had its throat jammed.


 From the mist behind Bai Ning Bing, a large numbers of dog beasts walked out one after another.


 Endlessly...



***
Chapter 382: Continue Killing


***





 Chapter 382: Continue Killing


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Impossible! How can you have so many dog beasts?!" Yun Luo Tian screamed, pointing at Bai Ning Bing, as he shivered, his expression looked like he had seen a ghost.


 The sheer number of beasts around Bai Ning Bing had surpassed his wildest imagination.


 "How many rounds has it been? Even a rank five Gu Master cannot reach such a number!!" Yun Luo Tian screamed as loudly as he could to vent the horror in his heart.


 "You must control some loophole, you cheated. You actually cheated, you shameless scoundrel!!"


 Yun Luo Tian’s composure was completely gone, he no longer had the attitude of an Yun clan young clan leader.


 Bai Ning Bing sighed lightly, Yun Luo Tian was right, he hit the nail on the head.


 It is true, she cheated. And it was the blessed land’s spirit who helped her.


 Under the land spirit’s guidance, she had an easy time going through the King Quan Inheritance, like she was on a vacation, it was a complete walk in the park. Compared to the difficulties she faced back when she explored the inheritance alone, this was a clear contrast.


 " The incredulous feeling of cheating cannot be described with words ! If doing this means I am despicable, I would rather become even more despicable than this, hehehe."


 Bai Ning Bing exclaimed as she waved her hands.


 Woof, woof, woof...


 Countless dogs received her commands and moved like flood water.


 In Yun Luo Tian’s vision, he could see a sea of dogs charging towards him like a tsunami.


 He gritted his teeth: "Bai Ning Bing, do not be smug. Once I get out, I will expose you in front of everyone! You know such a huge secret, everyone will be interested, especially those rank five Gu Masters! Hahaha, you are finished!"


 Saying so, he took out a token and used it.


 But nothing happened.


 "Eh?" Yun Luo Tian was shocked, activating it again.


 "What happened? Why is it not working? I used it the last time and I was transported out immediately." His gaze flashed as a bad feeling emerged in his heart, causing his expression to turn uncertain.


 He took out another unused token, he was the Yun clan young clan leader, he had two tokens to protect him.


 But this time, there was no effect either. The token stopped working.


 Yun Luo Tian stared with his eyes wide opened, staring at his token, sweat emerging on his forehead.


 Bai Ning Bing’s dog army had surrounded him, and started slaughtering his dog group.


 "How can this happen? Send me out now!" Yun Luo Tian’s breathing became quicker, as he used the token frantically, to no avail.


 "Ah!" He screamed, his beautiful face distorted with fear. His hair was messy and his eyes were bright red, like an angered bull.


 "It is you, you did this didn’t you? It must be you! You made the token ineffective, hehe, what great methods you have. But be clear of this, I am the great Yun clan young clan leader. If you kill me, you would offend Yun clan. The entire Yun clan won’t let you off."


 Yun Luo Tian recovered from his fear and screamed at Bai Ning Bing.


 His arrogance as the Yun clan young clan leader was sustaining him, not letting him kneel down and beg for his life, instead he was getting more haughty.


 But such an attitude was completely useless against Bai Ning Bing.


 "I’m not even afraid of Tie clan, would I fear your tiny Yun clan?" Bai Ning Bing snickered.


 On the battlefield, Yun Luo Tian was alone, his dog groups were no match for Bai Ning Bing’s, massacred till none was left.


 Bai Ning Bing willed, and the closest dog barked before pouncing on Yun Luo Tian.


 Yun Luo Tian struggled with his life, but his strength could not match the dog.


 His throat was bitten by the dog, as blood poured out of it.


 As for the other beasts,they stood in a circle and waited.


 "I curse you... I curse you have to a terrible death!" Yun Luo Tian cursed before he died, his tone filled with hatred and anger.


 Bai Ning Bing shook her head in disdain, walking forward and keeping Yun Luo Tian’s Gu worms.


 This Yun Luo Tian walked the cloud path, they were all rank four Gu, and were all of high quality. As for the enslavement path Gu worms he obtained from King Quan Inheritance, they greatly benefited Bai Ning Bing’s Gu worms.


 As for his corpse, it was teleported by the land spirit, sent to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was stepping on Wang Xiao, forcing out the location of Wu mountain.


 Wang Xiao was the owner of Wu mountain, a rank five upper stage Gu Master, a true regional emperor. He was an established expert.


 If it was outside, ten Fang Yuan added together would not be his match. But here, Fang Yuan defeated him easily, like dealing with a baby.


 Wang Xiao was extremely angry, he was stepped on by Fang Yuan, as his face and the soil made intimate contact.


 For a great rank five Gu Master, the lord of Wu mountain, this was a great humiliation!


 "You want to know how to enter Wu mountain? Hehe, stop your wishful thinking! Kill me if you want, after you kill me, you will not be able to know that true path to enter the mountain."


 Wang Xiao sneered as he struggled intensely, but Fang Yuan could use his strength path Gu worms, Wang Xiao could not compare to him in terms of strength.


 After an intense struggle, he was breathing heavily out of exhaustion, while Fang Yuan’s leg was still firm as a mountain.


 Wu mountain was a slightly famous mountain among the hundred thousand mountains of Southern Border.


 This mountain was mysterious and illusionary, hidden in a deep layer of fog. In the fog, there were many small paths, but only one led inside.


 Wang Xiao knew this path, and thus entered the mountain and made the mountain’s resources his.


 Like Qing Mao mountain, a famous mountain like Wu mountain had at least three to four spirit springs. Other than that, there were large numbers of wild beasts and wild Gu. All sorts of resources that could sustain three to four middle-size clans.


 But Wu mountain was completely owned by Wang Xiao.


 "Wu mountain is a natural danger zone, it is easy to defend and no matter how many righteous Gu Masters there are, they cannot break into it by force. Wang Xiao used this to become a regional emperor, living freely and easily. If I obtain it, I could use it as my base, and I would have no worries for my rank five resources." Fang Yuan thought.


 Wu mountain was Wang Xiao’s good fortune, Fang Yuan desired it greatly. But Wang Xiao refused to speak, he knew that once he spoke, he would be killed. Not speaking gave him a chance of survival instead.


 Pew!


 At this moment, with a light sound, Yun Luo Tian’s corpse was transported over.


 Fang Yuan kicked Wang Xiao aside, walking over to the corpse and used the beast strength placenta Gu to devour the aperture.


 "It’s him? That Yun clan young leader!" Wang Xiao recognised Yun Luo Tian, and also witnessed Fang Yuan using beast strength placenta Gu, his heart chilled.


 Fang Yuan was obviously killing people to refine Gu!


 "This Gu can devour apertures, not good, my aperture is way more valuable than Yun Luo Tian’s." This beast strength placenta Gu had already become smooth and clear, like a beautiful porcelain. But in Wang Xiao’s eyes, it was extremely dangerous and mysterious, giving off a demonic feeling.


 Seeing Fang Yuan walk over, Wang Xiao shouted: "Wait, wait. We can negotiate, I can promise you to give you the actual path into the mountain, but you must ensure my safety, I have one poison vow Gu on me..."


 Fang Yuan’s killing intent surged, although he had the eating one’s words Gu and can break the vow, he had little time now, how could he waste time to create the eating one’s words Gu?


 As he killed these Gu Masters, his immortal essence was depleting, and the blessed land was getting closer to destruction.


 The longer they dragged, the weaker the land spirit, an the less immortal essence he had to refine the second aperture Gu.


 At the same time, the blessed land’s flow of time was three times the outside world. The Spring Autumn Cicada was posing a huge threat.


 Fang Yuan killed so many people, he already used nearly two portions of the immortal essence, about half of his planned amount. The blessed land’s destruction was accelerated, and some people should be able to feel it already.


 Fang Yuan’s greatest advantage was having the initiative. If he continued to drag this, it would get more disadvantageous for him.


 Compared to the second aperture Gu, Wu mountain’s benefits were huge but not irreplaceable.


 "Speak, which is the path into Wu mountain?" Fang Yuan stepped, and broke Wang Xiao’s right wrist, shouting sharply.


 "Let me go and I’ll tell you!" Wang Xiao screamed in pain.


 "Hmph, stubborn!" Fang Yuan stepped again, the sound of bone breaking was heard as Wang Xiao’s left kneecap was crushed to bits.


 Wang Xiao shuddered under the pain, as sweat flowed down his back, but he gritted his teeth and stared deeply at Fang Yuan, refusing to speak.


 Fang Yuan was silent, knowing that coercion would not work.


 Wang Xiao was an expert of a generation!


 He had a cruel and ruthless nature, never going easy on his enemies, but also strict on himself.


 He designed an "ice water bed" for himself. Such a bed, as long as one sleeps for six hours, the entire bed would sink into the ice water below.


 Wang Xiao slept on such a bed, only resting for six hours a day. He encouraged himself, and worked hard, giving it all his effort. Other than eating, cleaning, and resting, all his other time was spent on cultivation.


 His aptitude was not extremely good, uncomparable with Tie Mu Bai and Bai Ning Bing. But because of his hard work, he climb up step by step, becoming famous in southern border, a great demonic expert that no one dared to look down on.


 In Fang Yuan’s memories, after Wang Xiao came to Yi Tian mountain, he killed many righteous experts, and his ruthlessness spread, one time, he even got close to vying for the position of the demonic head.


 Fang Yuan felt pressure in his heart offending such a person.


 Killing Wang Xiao was weakening the demonic faction in the Yi Tian mountain battle. But Wang Xiao could not be kept alive, he had to be killed.


 "I have to refine Gu not long after, I do not want to be attacked by you." Fang Yuan sighed, striking the final move and killing Wang Xiao.


 Later, he took the Gu and devoured the aperture, this process was extremely smooth.


 After devouring Yun Luo Tian and Wang Xiao’s aperture, the beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude had risen to eighty-three percent. As for the immortal essence expenditure, it had reach slightly more than two portions, he had reached a critical stage.


 "Not good, the immortal essence expenditure is higher than my estimation. This blessed land is too old, originating from the antiquity era, it is a miracle that the blessed land is still standing today."


 Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn, the actual expenditure had slightly exceeded his initial estimations.



***
Chapter 383: Profound Concept of the Universe, Demon Venerable Hong Lian


***





 Chapter 383: Profound Concept of the Universe, Demon Venerable Hong Lian


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Young man, the primeval essence expenditure had deviated from the plans, you should stop now." The land spirit noticed this error, and suggested.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold, retorting immediately: "That won’t do, eighty-three percent is not part of my plans, my plan is to reach ninety percent!"


 "Most things in life do not happen according to one’s wishes. How can we get everything we want? Young man, you have been blinded by greed, you are starting to lose your rationality." The land spirit spoke calmly.


 Fang Yuan cursed in his heart, without the land spirit’s help, he could not use the immortal essence. Land spirit was already thinking of stopping, Fang Yuan had to convince it.


 "Ba Gui." Fang Yuan breathed out some turbid air, relaxing his tone: "The primeval essence expenditure exceeding by a bit is no big deal. In my plan, we had some spare essence."


 Fang Yuan planned the immortal essence into sixteen portions.


 Among that, eight was for Gu refinement, four was to sustain the three kings inheritance and three portions and a bit more for killing Gu Masters. The final bit would be kept as spare in case anything happened.


 Fang Yuan had a meticulous nature, he had planned this for so long, how could he not have a back up plan?


 But the land spirit was not convinced, although it was created from lingering thoughts, it had intelligence and could think.


 "Young man, your calculation is incorrect. Have you ever considered that the Gu refinement process might fail? There is no way you won’t have issues, once you fail you will waste immortal essence. Eight portions to refine Gu, that was the minimum requirement, that last bit of immortal essence is to allow you to waste when you make multiple attempts. Now that you want to use up this bit, if you fail the refinement even a little bit more, the second aperture Gu’s refinement will not succeed." Land spirit retorted.


 Fang Yuan was anxious secretly, he had not passed the test and was not the blessed land’s owner, he could not directly command the land spirit.


 If land spirit refused to cooperate, there was nothing he could do.


 There was still a rank five Gu Master and many rank four experts left in the blessed land now, these will all be obstacles for him when he refines the Immortal Gu later.


 Fang Yuan killing these people now was to eliminate his future enemies, to protect himself.


 But the immortal essence left in the blessed land was simply too little, Fang Yuan had to carefully think and plan his usage properly. At the same time, he had to face the blessed land’s inspections.


 "Young man, stop taking risks. If you continue being adamant, I will not cooperate with you, I will even take away your examination chance, and leave the opportunity for others." Land spirit was firm in its tone.


 Fang Yuan sighed deeply hearing this.


 Land spirits were very rigid, in this situation, it was nearly impossible to convince the land spirit.


 "We can keep the others, but that rank five Gu Master has to die. He is one of the four great doctors of southern border, he has a great network and relationship, we have to eliminate him to be safe." Fang Yuan urged.


 "For your safety during refinement, you have already planned to use that young girl, together with the beast groups, she can block them for a while. At the same time, I will risk my life to protect you. The most important thing is the success or failure of your Gu refinement." Land spirit denied Fang Yuan’s suggestion.


 Fang Yuan’s expression sank.


 The final rank five Gu Master Chou Jiu, known as ’killer ghost doctor’, although his battle strength was not outstanding, he had great influence.


 In his previous life’s memories, he went to Yi Tian mountain and joined the demonic faction. Next, he obtained the third-in-control position. With a wave of his hand, countless Gu Masters gathered.


 With his healing, the demonic faction faced less deaths and injuries, their morale surged and that caused great problems for the righteous path.


 Only until Shang Yan Fei invited Doctor Su Shou, together with Divine Doctor Sheng Shou, did they manage to suppress Chou Jiu’s glamor.


 The battle of Yi Tian mountain made everyone see the ability of Chou Jiu. The ’killer ghost doctor’ also became publicly recognised as the head of the four great doctors.


 After Yi Tian mountain was subdued by the righteous path, Chou Jiu was captured, and Wu clan leader valued his talent and wanted to recruit him. But Chou Jiu refused to submit, scolding Shang Yan Fei and Doctor Su Shou, exposing some of their ancient history, causing the furious and ashamed Shang Yan Fei to kill him on the spot.


 Any rank five Gu Master was a genius, they cannot be underestimated.


 These Gu Masters could emerge from the commoners, and ascend to the peak of the mortal realm in such a cruel environment, surviving many rounds of elimination, they were all heroes or champions.


 Once he thought about how a person like Chou Jiu might attack during the final step of the Gu refinement, Fang Yuan could not rest easy.


 "Although my cultivation is rank four upper stage, and my cultivation speed is stunning, on this huge stage, I am still too weak, I cannot contend with these rank five Gu Masters. If I had my rank six cultivation back in my previous life, no matter how many rank fives come, I can kill them all like livestock!" Fang Yuan sighed internally.


 "You still want to kill someone? Impossible, I will not allow it! Immortal essence cannot be wasted like this, we have to preserve most of it for the Gu refinement." Land spirit heard Fang Yuan’s request and immediately rejected him: "Demonic Gu Masters are all like this, they like to take risks. Sigh, young man, do not be so extreme. In this world, why do you think the righteous path is blooming and suppressing the demonic path? It is because demonic path is too extreme, too greedy, and likes to place themselves in danger. The righteous path pursues stability, slow and steady, unmovable like the mountain."


 "Ba Gui, you are wrong. Demonic path members have a tough life, they are forced to take extreme means, if they did not fight for the greatest benefits at every given opportunity, and did not take risks, how could they cultivate, how could they compete with the righteous path? Greed, selfishness, extremity, and risk-taking; these are all laws of survival of the demonic path. As long as the benefits are enough, so what if we have to walk on a tightrope? One wrong step leads to game over, making the impossible possible, that is the excitement of the demonic path! The life of a demonic path member is like wine, intense and alluring." Fang Yuan rebuked loudly.


 Land spirit heard such words and sighed endlessly: "Young man, the demonic nature is too entrenched in you, you can’t turn back anymore, in the future it will lead you to destruction. If heaven commits a sin, it can be forgiven, but if one commits a sin himself, he deserves to die ."


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: "Hahahaha, Ba Gui, you are too naive. What is a sin? Commiting a sin means one deserves death, that is only the weaklings’ naive and helpless expectation, they spread such ideology, hoping people would abide by it so as to protect these weaklings. As for me, I want to be a person who commits a sin, yet is able to roam freely and travel the world, a demonic head who slaughters living beings and enjoys all that I can get. I not only want to slaughter Gu Masters, I also want to succeed in refining the second aperture Gu and become the greatest winner! Ba Gui, feel this, what do you think this is?"


 Saying so, Fang Yuan activated the Spring Autumn Cicada, and for the first time, leaked its aura out into the world.


 The land spirit was flabbergasted!


 "This, this is the aura of a rank six Immortal Gu! It seems... it seems to be the Spring Autumn Cicada... Spring Autumn Cicada is the seventh mysterious Gu in this world! You are a mere mortal, how can you possess such an Immortal Gu?"


 To convince the land spirit, Fang Yuan took a gamble and exposed the existence of the Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Gu, and the second aperture Gu was also an Immortal Gu, such benefits were enough for Fang Yuan to take this risk.


 "Why can’t a mortal own an Immortal Gu? I’ll tell you the truth, the Spring Autumn Cicada was refined by me." Fang Yuan said.


 "I understand, I get it. You were a Gu Immortal, but you used the Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth and came back to the past to change history!" Land spirit gasped and sighed.


 "Oh? Ba Gui, you seem to know some information regarding the Spring Autumn Cicada, please enlighten me." Fang Yuan quickly inquired.


 "Since the immemorial era, there were two types of Gu Masters, space path and time path, forming the basis of heaven and earth. Space path represented up, down, left, and right, while time path represented past, present, and future. Take my blessed land for example, at its peak, there was 6000 km² of land, and the flow of time was six times the normal speed." Land spirit said.


 How much was 6000 km² ? On Earth, that is about the size of Brunei.


 As for six times the normal speed of time, it was measured according to the river of time.


 At its peak, the blessed land’s time was six times of the outside world. Six days inside the blessed land was one day outside.


 Of course, by now, the blessed land had severely weakened, not only were the territories mostly eroded, the flow of time was only three times as fast.


 In this world, there were many different blessed lands, and the size and flow of time were all different.


 Land spirit continued: "Spring Autumn Cicada is one of the Gu worms of the time path. Back then, it had a master who left his name in history, that is Demon Venerable Hong Lian! He resisted the Immortal Court, and broke the chains that bound fate, giving the people of the future hope, and allowed them to grasp their own fate in their hands."


 "Demon Venerable Hong Lian?! The most mysterious Demon Venerable in history?" Fang Yuan gasped.


 In the Gu world, rank nine was Venerable.


 Demon Venerable meant a rank nine demonic path Gu Master. Immortal Venerable is a rank nine righteous Gu Master.


 In the eons of history, Demon Venerable and Immortal Venerable were merely a handful of people, they represented a supreme legend. There was only one Venerable in each era, never did two appear at the same time. Thus, Venerables represented true invincibility!


 And among these rank nine Venerables, Demon Venerable Hong Lian was the most mysterious, and had the least records in history. Even Fang Yuan merely knew about his existence.


 Now, this was the first time he was hearing about Demon Venerable Hong Lian’s details.


 Land spirit continued: "This world, wide as one can imagine, is split into five regions, north, south, east, west, and central. They are close together, yet completely independent regions. With one river of time, flowing from the past, through the present, towards the future. That is the time and space of this main world."


 "If one says that history is a series of still images, then the river of time is a thin thread that connects these numerous images into a line, You used the Spring Autumn Cicada, forcing your way out of the images, and travelled along the line, moving in the reverse direction as you inject your will and memories into one of the images. That would cause this image’s events to change, and consequently affect the future images as well.


 "So that’s it." Fang Yuan benefited greatly from land spirit’s words.


 He had used the Spring Autumn Cicada twice, and each was a unique experience, causing Fang Yuan’s understanding of the Spring Autumn Cicada and the river of time to become clearer.


 Land spirit’s words gave Fang Yuan the inspiration for a new and unique understanding.


 "To think that you are a future Gu Immortal, and even refined the Spring Autumn Cicada. In this blessed land, you are truly the most appropriate candidate to refine this Gu. Nevermind, since you are so confident, I shall trust you once, who do you want to kill?" Land spirit gave in.


 Originally, it thought Fang Yuan was only a mortal, he would definitely waste a lot of immortal essence when refining Gu.


 But right now, it recognised Fang Yuan’s Gu Immortal identity, and reduced the estimated immortal essence that he would potentially waste, thus accepting Fang Yuan’s request.


 Fang Yuan smiled and promised: "Land spirit, it is right to trust me. I will not disappoint you, the Gu refinement will succeed. In the future, I have to rely on this second aperture Gu to ascend to Gu Immortal realm once again."


 Land spirit laughed too, having a sense of acknowledgement towards Fang Yuan: "That’s right, you are a Gu Immortal, you know the value of the second aperture Gu much more than mortals. When you become a Gu Immortal, the second aperture will give you unparalleled benefits!"



***
Chapter 384: Scheming Ghost Doctor, Secret Door of Life and Death


***





 Chapter 384: Scheming Ghost Doctor, Secret Door of Life and Death


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "To think that this three kings inheritance is a trap, the true winner is you, little beast king!" Killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu laid on the ground, staring deeply and closely at Fang Yuan as he exclaimed.


 After Fang Yuan convinced the land spirit, he rushed to Chou Jiu and beat him up.


 Chou Jiu had an ugly appearance, his hair was like dry yellow grass, his brain was protruding and his eyes were of different sizes. His cheekbone was very high, his nose was flat, there was a large clump of hair growing out of his nostrils, and his yellow teeth were projecting outwards.


 But his gaze was very complicated, he had a plotting ability that ordinary people could not possess.


 "Little beast king, I know about you, you have great talent, from a vagabond, you grew to this extent, I admire you greatly. Compared to you, I am merely several years older. When I was young, I did not have such accomplishments. You are a dragon among men, you will eventually soar to the heavens, and roam the world freely. I have no intentions to be enemies with you, if possible, I would like to use the information regarding the door of life and death to preserve my life."


 Fang Yuan had killed four rank five Gu masters earlier, some of them were shocked, some furious, some fearful, but this Chou Jiu was extremely calm.


 After understanding his situation, he placed his ego down and praised Fang Yuan.


 He laid on the ground, not moving, as if he gave up on resisting.


 But at this moment, the land spirit suddenly transmitted: "Quickly kill him, he is activating his token and Gu worms furiously, I am trying to suppress them but this is causing great immortal essence expenditure."


 But Fang Yuan was slightly stunned, almost thinking he had hallucinated: "Door of life and death?"


 This door of life and death was a big deal, it was recorded in <>, a secret forbidden land in ancient times. It was similar to the river of time and ordinary abyss.


 After Verdant Great Sun died, Ren Zu went to the door of life and death to attempt to revive him.


 Legend says that behind the door of life and death holds the secrets of life and death, if a person can comprehend it completely, they would be able to control life and death itself.


 "Chou Jiu knows the location of the door of life and death?!" Fang Yuan’s heart was palpitating, as his expression turned cold, warning severely: "Chou Jiu, activate your Gu worms one more time and I will kill you immediately."


 Chou Jiu’s expression changed, his pupils shrinking as he slowly sat up, looking at Fang Yuan: "You can sense me using Gu worms!"


 A thought flashed across his eyes: "You can use Gu worms, while I can’t use mine at all. Sigh, it seems there is only one possibility — the land spirit is still alive and you subdued it. So this blessed land has such a secret. What a pity, back when the three kings obtained this place, they did not truly control the blessed land, thus you have obtained it now. But this blessed land is on the brink of destruction, there is no way to save it. The land spirit must be extremely old and weak too right, otherwise the Gu Masters would’ve been chased out already. Why would you need to eliminate us personally?"


 Although Fang Yuan did not control this blessed land, after expressing his identity, the land spirit would listen to some of his instructions in order to assist him with the Gu refinement.


 Chou Jiu was over a century old, he was old and scheming, easily guessing the scenario.


 "Since you control the blessed land, then I won’t bother with this pointless act. As long as you preserve my life, what you will obtain will be out of your imagination." Chou Jiu said, stopping his secret actions.


 Fang Yuan laughed without denying: "Talk about the door of life and death. You know the location? The door of life and death is a forbidden ground not inferior to the river of time, there is an extremely wide area inside, reflecting the five regions of the main world. Legend says that there are many unique and natural Gu worms inside, like life Gu, and death Gu."


 Chou Jiu nodded: "I know the door’s location, not only that, I have even explored it multiple times and captured some of the life Gu and death Gu inside, eventually refining one life one death Gu. I placed this Gu inside the door of life and death, every time a person dies because of me, it will absorb this death energy and convert it into lifeforce. Because of this lifeforce, my healing methods are extremely profound. This is the reason why I became one of the four great doctors of southern border."


 Killer ghost doctor revealed his own secret, to increase his trustworthiness.


 "Oh? So that’s it." This was the first time Fang Yuan heard such a thing, although he had his previous life’s memories, he was not all-knowing.


 "Then in that case, tell me, and I may spare you a life." Fang Yuan promised.


 But Chou Jiu shook his head: "The secret regarding the door of life and death is way too important. I have once vowed before the sea oath Gu, to not reveal the details to outsiders. Once I say it, I will turn into dust, wiped off from this world. But if you join the shadow sect, you will be one of us, and I will be able to tell you."


 "Sea oath Gu? Shadow Sect?" Fang Yuan frowned.


 Sea oath Gu is a rank six Immortal Gu, it was very famous during ancient times, together with mountain pledge Gu. Mountain pledge and sea oath, they worked like the poison vow Gu, but poison vow Gu was an expenditure Gu while these two Immortal Gu could be repeatedly used.


 Fang Yuan had heard of the sea oath Gu and had an understanding of it. But he was unfamiliar with ’Shadow Sect’.


 Hearing this name, it sounds like a sect for Gu cultivators. That means, the loner Chou Jiu, had a secret organisation behind him?


 Fang Yuan felt a little threatened, the situation was slightly out of his expectations.


 It was not hard to kill Chou Jiu now, but Fang Yuan knew nothing about Shadow Sect, this gave him a sense of insecurity.


 "That’s right, my sect is the Shadow Sect. The great ancestor who created Shadow Sect, was a rank eight Gu Immortal of the Immemorial Era. He was the one who found the door of life and death, and placed it into his blessed land. Later, many Gu Immortals were nurtured in Shadow Sect, the benefits are endless for you if you join Shadow Sect."


 Saying so, Chou Jiu said a bunch of benefits, truly expending his verbal talent, spouting an exaggerated tale.


 Fang Yuan struggled a little, before calming down: "Hehehe, Chou Jiu, that’s a nice plan there. If I join Shadow Sect, you not only will be free from danger, I will even have to call you senior brother. In such a traditional sect, respecting seniority is the most important thing. If I join it, I will definitely have to make an oath and be restricted with all sorts of methods. At the end, I even have to contribute my gains on San Cha mountain, and do missions for the clan in the name of loyalty, am I right?"


 "Shadow Sect?" Fang Yuan sneered, shaking his head: "Let’s not talk about the possibility of you lying, even if it is real, so what? A sect that was created in the Immemorial Era, it is a miracle that it is still around now. You mentioned there were many Gu Immortals in history, but they are mostly dead already right. Otherwise, Shadow Sect would be a great force in the southern border, why would you have to fight alone, and slog it out single-handedly?"


 Chou Jiu’s expression turned white, he had to reassess Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was so young, but he was so calculating and scheming. Facing potential benefits, he could remain so calm and analytic, what sort of young man is this? He is definitely a hundred year old monster!


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, continuing: "I am the type of person who likes to take all the benefits for himself, don’t tell me about win-win situations. Even if you made the sea oath, it is not unbreakable. Sea oath Gu and mountain pledge Gu have an obvious weakness. When you made the oath, you had to face the sea or a large mountain. As long as the piece of ocean or the mountain is destroyed, the oath will lose its effect."


 Chou Jiu’s heart froze.


 Fang Yuan was knowledgeable and knew many things, he was not like a newbie at all.


 These kind of people were the hardest to fool.


 Chou Jiu calmed his spirits: "It is useless. The sea that I made the oath to is inside the Shadow Sect blessed land, if you want to destroy that sea, you will need to know the location of the blessed land. But for me to say that location, you have to destroy the sea first. It is a dead loop."


 Fang Yuan sneered, killing intent surging: "Since there is nothing that can be done, forget it. You can die now."


 Chou Jiu sighed greatly: "If you want to kill me, go ahead."


 He did not move, but in his heart, he felt certain.


 The door of life and death was a legendary location, who did not care about their life and death? Little beast king definitely cannot endure such a temptation, his actions now were only to scare him.


 But Fang Yuan shot out the bone spike resolutely.


 This bone spike flew towards Chou Jiu’s heart.


 At once, an intense sense of danger assaulted Chou Jiu.


 "What! He actually wants to kill me?!" Chou Jiu was shocked, quickly evading.


 Pew!


 A crisp sound and the bone spike pierced his shoulder, inches away from his heart, only after it stabbed through his back did it stop.


 "You, you!" Chou JIu pointed at Fang Yuan, his trembling voice contained fear, shock, and confusion: "Little beast king, you madman! You really wanted to kill me, if I did not dodge, I would’ve died! That is the door of life and death, the door of life and death! Back then, even Ren Zu had to spend all his effort to find it. This is an unparalleled holy land, the controller of life and death, as long as you can obtain it and comprehend it, you will attain immortality!"


 Fang Yuan looked at him coldly, speaking plainly: "Didn’t you say you can’t tell me the secret? Then what use do I have of you?"


 "You can join the Shadow Sect!" Chou Jiu’s body was sweating, either out of pain or fear.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, raising his hand and aiming again.


 Chou Jiu quickly waved his hand, shouting: "Wait, wait, don’t be rash. There are other methods than this, we can use the poison vow Gu, if we make a poison vow, we can trust each other."


 "I do not need your trust." Fang Yuan replied coldly.


 "Then use the slavery Gu, I will acknowledge you as my master, don’t kill me."


 "You are a rank five Gu Master, we need to use the rank five slavery Gu. This Gu is extremely rare, way more expensive than its other rank five counterparts, where do you want me to find it? Moreover, even if we use these Gu, can you tell me the location of Shadow Sect’s blessed land?" Fang Yuan retorted.


 Chou Jiu’s expression froze.


 Fang Yuan observed his expression, and his heart moved, knowing that the words were true.


 Fang Yuan’s killing intent was not real, he was merely trying to test Chou Jiu.


 Chou Jiu suggested the poison vow Gu, slavery Gu, he was already frantic, but still did not dare to mention the location of the blessed land. It seems he really did make the sea oath.


 Chou Jiu wanted to lie and make up a random location.


 But as long as he did not die from the oath, it means he lied. If he said the real location, the oath would take his life as well.


 Or rather, even if he managed to say it, he would lose all his value and Fang Yuan would not let him off.


 In this situation, Chou Jiu was at his wits’ end.


 Recognising this, he laughed bitterly: "To think that I Chou Jiu would die here today."


 "Being able to die in my hands is your honor." Fang Yuan replied plainly.


 Chou Jiu looked at Fang Yuan seriously, nodding in agreement: "That’s true, with your talent and mentality, as long as your luck is not too bad, you will definitely be a walking disaster of the demonic path. You want to kill me, there is no point in begging anymore. It is fine if I die in your hands, at least better than getting killed by those scumbags outside. Actually, I have a plan to allow you to learn about the door of life and death."


 Saying so, a cunning light flashed across Chou Jiu’s eyes.



***
Chapter 385: Kindness, Grudge, Affection, Hatred


***





 Chapter 385: Kindness, Grudge, Affection, Hatred


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Oh? What method?" Fang Yuan’s eyebrows raised.


 "Regarding this matter, I have to start from a long time ago..." Chou Jiu heaved a deep sigh as he recalled; hatred, grief, deep love and other complicated expressions appeared on his face.


 "I have no time to listen to your story." Fang Yuan ruthlessly interrupted.


 Chou Jiu choked: "Then I will make it short."


 "My original name was Zeng Ah Niu. I was a farmer who made a living by collecting herbs, one time I unluckily fell from a cliff but I profited from it and entered Shadow Sect’s blessed land. By passing the land spirit’s test, I was able to become a disciple of Shadow Sect. The sect only had two disciples, me and a senior sister."


 "Senior sister’s surname is Chen and her first name is Jiu, she was as beautiful as an immortal fairy. She was raised by the land spirit since young and had never left the blessed land, thus her nature was truly innocent. Since birth, I was extremely ugly and had always suffered bullying and ridicule. But senior sister was always amiable and warm to me. I slowly started having feelings for her after being in contact with her all the time. We took an oath in front of the blessed land’s sea, to protect and stand by each other. We cultivated together and entered deep into the door of life and death, capturing life Gu and death Gu...."


 "That was the happiest time of my life and I had thought it could continue forever. After an earth calamity, the land spirit suffered injuries and went into hibernation; a hole appeared in the blessed land and connected it to the outside world, allowing a scoundrel to sneak in."


 "This scoundrel was heavily injured at that time, and if I had known what would happen later because of him, I would have definitely killed him on the spot! But I didn’t do that and instead saved him. He claimed his surname was Shang, and had blood red hair. He had exceptional eloquence, and using his flowery words, he slowly deceived senior sister during his recuperation. His appearance was indeed slightly better than mine and used his pretty boy face to win senior sister’s favor. Senior sister was innocent and ignorant, the more she talked with him, the happier she became; in the end, she took the initiative to take care of him in every possible way."


 "We argued many times about this, falling out with each other a lot. After that thief recovered, I wanted to expel him and continue living a fairytale life with senior sister. But who could have thought her heart had already changed and actually broke the oath we took at that time, injuring me and defecting with that scoundrel!"


 "I was really regretful! I regretted my compassion which led to a disaster, and I hated senior sister Chen Jiu for falling in love with somebody else, and even more hatred towards that despicable scoundrel for robbing what I cherished. After I recovered from my injuries, I left the blessed land and roamed around Southern Border, searching for this adulterous couple. But what I didn’t know was, this scoundrel had really high status and was the leader of Shang clan!"


 Chou Jiu paused and looked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was expressionless, he knew many behind-the-scene details due to his previous life memories and already knew who Chou Jiu was talking about in the middle of his conversation.


 Chou Jiu could only give a forced smile at Fang Yuan’s indifference: "It seems you have already guessed their identities. That’s right, that thief is the current Shang clan leader Shang Yan Fei and my senior sister Chen Jiu is Doctor Su Shou. Shang clan is a super clan while I am a lone force, I roamed around Southern Border all these years and put in a lot of effort to deal with this adulterous couple! Unfortunately... unfortunately I am going to die here today and have no way of achieving my wish."


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan silently listened to end and suddenly laughed.


 He looked at Chou Jiu who was sitting on the ground, his eyes shining brightly: "Killer ghost doctor, you made quite a good plan. According to your words, Shadow Sect has only you and Chen Jiu, if you die, I will have to obtain the information about life and death door from Shang Yan Fei and Doctor Su Shou. But why would they tell me about the matters regarding the blessed land of Shadow Sect so easily? At that time, we will have to fight, and no matter who wins, both will be favorable to you."


 "Hahaha... little beast king, you are very blunt and straightforward. People who only plot and scheme will always act under the radar, but your thinking is meticulous and your way of doing things is domineering, you are truly a formidable person who has yet to shook the world. You are right, that is my plan. It is an open scheme and you have already seen through it, so are you still going to make inquiries about the Shadow Sect’s blessed land from them?" Killer ghost doctor laughed heartily.


 Fang Yuan looked at this rank five Gu Master for a while before sighing: "Of course."


 Life and death door was an immemorial forbidden ground like the river of time.


 There were many unique Gu inhabiting in that place.


 Spring Autumn Cicada existed in the river of time; life and death door naturally also had similar Immortal Gu.


 It was impossible for Fang Yuan to not be moved by such an enormous benefits. Thus, he clearly knew Chou Jiu’s scheme, but was still going to go head-first into it.


 Qiu laughed loudly with tears appearing in his eyes: "Little beast king, although you are a talent of the younger generation, I really admire you. I really look forward to the future where you collide with that adulterous couple. It is a pity I won’t be able to see it."


 "Our Shadow Sect has different views on life and death. We encountered each other among the countless sea of people because of life and yet my death will be because of you, this is a truly extraordinary fate. Maybe, you really are fated to find Shadow Sect’s blessed land and the door of life and death. I might as well give this mysterious fate to you and hope you can grasp it."


 Chou Jiu became tranquil and his gaze were deep as if he had seen through life and death: "It is no matter if I die now, after all in this world, who can live forever? One can gain a long life but immortality is a hopeless prospect. Even those Immortal Venerable and Demon Venerable will only turn into ashes in the end. Little beast king, I will end my own life, you don’t need to do it."


 Saying so, he committed suicide by biting off his tongue!


 Blood sprayed out as his life went away, the ghost doctor, the head of the four great doctors in the future died like this.


 "I did not expect to gain such important information by killing this ghost doctor. Shadow Sect’s blessed land, life and death door... If I am able to rule them, they will definitely be a foundation to my hegemony. It seems I will have to change my plan again."


 Every single Gu Master who cultivated to rank five needed to go through the survival of the fittest and many competitions before they were able to distinguish themselves; none of them were a simple character.


 They all possessed their own individual opportunities, advantages, trump cards and secrets.


 Right now, all the rank five Gu Masters in the blessed land were annihilated by Fang Yuan.


 Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui, Ku Mo, Wu Lan Shan and Chou Jiu had their own distinct individuality, deep foundation and powerful strength. If the current Fang Yuan was to fight them alone, any one of them could easily suppress him; he was absolutely not their match.


 "So Doctor Su Shou’s real name is Chen Jiu while the killer ghost doctor named himself Chou Jiu, it seems the hatred was born from love. No wonder in my previous life, during the battle of Yi Tian mountain, he took the initiative to go there and threw himself into that whirlpool, challenging Shang Yan Fei and confronting Doctor Su Shou. And after he was taken as a prisoner, he exposed the matter back then and was killed by Shang Yan Fei."


 As for the kindness, grudge, affection and hatred entangling these three, Fang Yuan did not want to judge.


 Sympathize with Chou Jiu? But Doctor Su Shou’s choice was also completely understandable. Favor the rich and disdain the poor, detest ugliness and love beauty, these were common in the world.


 Shang Yan Fei was a famous handsome man in Southern Border; comparing him to Chou Jiu, one was day and another was night.


 The main reason Doctor Su Shou felt deeply attached to Chou Jiu was because she was pure and Chou Jiu was the first male she saw. And later when she met Shang Yan Fei, her eyes were opened and had a comparison.


 Moreover, Chen Jiu was someone who innately pursued beauty.


 When a patient came to visit her, she would first look at their appearance. If they were ugly, she would not treat them. If they were average, it would depend on her mood at that time and the patient’s examination fees. If they were handsome and beautiful, she would treat them on the spot and not even charge fees.


 Someone reproached her for this and she argued righteously: "You ugly beings, the fact that you are alive is simply staining the beauty of life, you should all just die and that will solve all troubles. As for beautiful things, of course we need to cherish and protect them by all means."


 These words had caused an uproar in Shang clan city at that time. In the end, Shang Yan Fei personally appeared and suppressed this event.


 Doctor Su Shou’s position in Shang clan city was unique.


 Back when Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing saw Doctor Su Shou together at Shang clan city, the difference in her attitude was very clear. She was indifferent to Fang Yuan whereas she was very gentle and amiable to Bai Ning Bing.


 "But speaking of it, the four great doctors all have their own peculiarity. Leaving aside killer ghost doctor and Doctor Su Shou, Travelling Doctor Jiu Zhi likes to disguise himself as an old beggar and wander around aimlessly. Divine Doctor Sheng Shou is a male who likes other males."


 Fang Yuan thought casually while taking out all the Gu of killer ghost doctor.


 Chou Jiu had many Gu worms.


 Most of them were healing Gu and besides that were movement Gu.


 He did not have rank five healing Gu, but instead had a rank five movement Gu called warp Gu.


 Warp Gu’s shape was abstract and looked like a fried twisted dough. Its dark golden body was twisted around seven to eight times, its head was twisted around its body, its eyes and wings were misaligned; as if its creator had created it at a whim.


 However, this appearance instead matched with its original owner’s appearance.


 Fang Yuan slightly sized it up before storing it. Then he used beast strength placenta Gu to swallow Chou Jiu’s aperture.


 Looking at Chou Jiu’s corpse, he chuckled: "Chou Jiu... Chou Jiu, you are really cunning. If I did not have my previous life’s memories, I would have truly been deceived by you."


 Although Chou Jiu was dead, he was hiding a chance of resurrection.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Chou Jiu’s throat had been cut and assassinated during the middle stage of the battle in Yi Tian mountain. But not long later, he came back to life, causing both righteous and demonic path to be extremely startled.


 It turns out, he had used remnant life Gu.


 Remnant life Gu was a rank five expendable Gu, and as long as a Gu Master’s body is intact after death, they can slowly recover after some time and resurrect.


 However, since Chou Jiu was at the blessed land, the remnant life Gu’s law fragment in his body was suppressed by the heavenly power and could not activate for the time being. But as long as the blessed land slowly crumbles, its suppression power would weaken and the remnant life Gu’s power could activate again and resurrect him.


 Chou Jiu had repeatedly praised and flattered Fang Yuan and put on a show that he was carefreely facing death; it was all to give a good impression to Fang Yuan so that after his death, his corpse would not be ripped apart by Fang Yuan.


 In truth, Fang Yuan also did not have a habit of mutilating corpses.


 "But today, I will make an exception for you." Fang Yuan ruthlessly attacked and soon turned Chou Jiu’s corpse into minced meat.


 He hesitated for a while and was still not satisfied, so he burnt the pool of blood and flesh into ashes.


 With a wave of his palm, the ashes fluttered and drifted everywhere.


 "Chou Jiu, if you can still resurrect from this, I will admit you have skills! Hahahaha..."



***
Chapter 386: He also died


***





 Chapter 386: He also died


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "This is the forty-eighth round." Wu Shen Tong counted in his heart.


 He came from Wu clan, the number one super clan in southern border, they had deep foundations, and were the supreme overlord of the righteous path. And he was the heavily nurtured enslavement path Gu Master in Wu clan, his attainments in enslavement was nothing to be scoffed at.


 Wu Shen Tong’s name might sound domineering, but in truth, he was thin as a stick, his skin was pale-yellow, and he looked like a sickly scholar.


 In truth, he once had a broad shoulder and thin waist, and had a perfect body. But in one battle, he was afflicted with Long Qing Tian’s jade sky Gu poison.


 He went to Divine Doctor Sheng Shou for treatment.


 Divine Doctor Sheng Shou touched his chest, his eyes shining as he sighed: "You came too late. The Gu poison has seeped into your bone marrow. I can preserve your life and cultivation, but because this poison is deeply rooted, it cannot be removed. From now you, you have to come here once in a while for treatment, I will help you detox at regular intervals."


 Precisely because of jade sky Gu’s poison, Wu Shen Tong became thinner and thinner each day, eventually ending up like this.


 "I wonder which Gu Master is my next opponent?" Wu Shen Tong walked in the fog, his gaze solemn.


 Just earlier, in the three options, he chose the front path.


 In King Quan inheritance, towards the later stages, more options appeared. Most Gu Masters would choose to fight dog groups for safety, and in truth, they only chose other Gu Masters out of desperation.


 No matter how big the dog group is, they were still beasts. With a Gu Master’s guidance, even if the dog group is weak, they possessed great threat.


 Wu Shen Tong however, took the opposite route, whenever he was given a chance to battle another Gu Master, he would not choose any other path.


 "In terms of enslavement path mastery, I am top-tier in southern border. In this San Cha mountain, I am almost the best. Only two people can threaten me, one is Wu Gui because he is a rank five Gu Master that had once walked the enslavement path. But sadly, enslavement path used too much resources and he had to change paths midway. The other is Zhang San San, he is a true enslavement Gu Master, but his cultivation is inferior to me."


 In the enslavement path, Wu Shen Tong had great advantage. In terms of seniority, Zhang San San was his junior. In this King Quan Inheritance, even if he had to fight Wu Gui head on, he had no fear.


 With such great strength, he obviously had to target his enemies and eliminate as many competitors as possible.


 Eventually, he will be left alone to devour this King Quan Inheritance.


 This was Wu Shen Tong’s brilliance.


 "If I had to count, my next opponent should be the twenty-third. Hehe, it is your bad luck to have encouraged me."


 Wu Shen Tong snorted internally as he stopped his steps.


 Beside him, his group dog guarded him closely.


 He looked at the other end of the fog, from the fog, a group of green-purple dogs with rotting skin appeared.


 "Oh, corpse dogs." Wu Shen Tong laughed lightly.


 He knew that these dogs were extremely useful early on in the inheritance. That is because these dogs can consume corpses to recover their injuries.


 But towards the later parts, these corpse dogs would get weaker and weaker. That is because, these dogs were not as fast as the lightning symbol dogs, had lower defense than the steel armor dogs, and were not as united as the chrysanthemum akita dogs.


 "Only those half-assed enslavement path Gu Masters would love these useless corpse dogs. Different paths are worlds’ apart, how would those who aren’t enslavement path Gu Masters know the true meaning of enslavement path without decades of experience?"


 Wu Shen Tong thought about those Gu Masters and laughed in disdain.


 But the next moment,he frowned lightly.


 From the fog before him, corpse dogs continued to appear.


 "This number is slightly huge, it seems that to win, I will have to pay a small price." Wu Shen Tong thought.


 But soon, at the same time as the corpse dogs, different kinds of dogs started appearing in his vision.


 "Chrysanthemum akita dogs! The number is slightly big, hmm... it seems this person has some attainments in the enslavement path." Wu Shen Tong nodded lightly.


 "A combination of chrysanthemum akita dogs and corpse dogs, although the number is slightly big, their formation is extremely brittle. I just have to use a few dog kings to charge forward later, and they would disperse easily, as long as I act forcefully, I would be able to defeat them and attain victory."


 "Eh, the other party actually has hedgedogs?"


 From the fog, Wu Shen Tong saw hedgedogs appearing.


 These dogs, their entire bodies were filled with spikes, attacking them would injure oneself.


 If the steel armor dogs with huge defense were called tough, then these hedgedogs were tough with spikes. To eliminate them, one has to be prepared to get their throats punctured.


 "So many hedgedogs! It seems this person is lucky, being able to gather such a huge group. Why didn’t I have such luck?"


 Wu Shen Tong sighed, immediately changing his battle strategy.


 "The opponent had hedgedogs, I will use the steel armor dogs as the vanguard, and flank with the lightning symbol dogs. Once they engage in battle, the steel armor dogs will charge in and encircle with the lightning symbol dogs, attaining victory easily!"


 But after the hedgedogs appeared, large numbers of lightning symbol dogs appeared from the fog.


 Wu Shen Tong’s expression turned grim.


 The appearance of the dog group meant his earlier strategy no longer worked. That is because the opponent possessed a dog with high speed like lightning symbol dog, they could reverse flank him.


 "To think they also have the lightning symbol dogs, and so many!" More and more lightning symbol dogs appeared in his vision, as Wu Shen Tong’s expression turned ugly.


 He thought: The other party has so many dogs, this cannot be explained with luck. Evidently, the other part is also an experienced enslavement path Gu Master, already able to threaten him.


 "Who is it? Is it Wu Gui or Zhang San San? Regardless, this will be a tough fight. I can only improvise my battle tactic, and change accordingly, thankfully, I have a token!"


 Thinking so, Wu Shen Tong’s heart settled.


 He took a look at his dog troop, there, a group of dogs laid on the ground, around a hundred and twenty.


 The dogs were large in size, twice the size of ordinary dogs, they had sharp claws and their backs were wide and thick, while their nose and mouth resembled a lion’s.


 This was the heavy tai dog.


 Heavy tai dog had defense equivalent to the steel armor dogs. In terms of unity, they matched the chrysanthemum akita dogs.


 "In this King Quan Inheritance, out of the hundred types of dogs, only a few can be part of the main troop. Heavy tai dog is one of them. Lightning symbol dog, chrysanthemum akita dog, and steel armor dog, these dogs are too extreme, their weaknesses are too apparently, they cannot be relied on. Only a dog like heavy tai dog can be relied on. The larger the numbers, the stronger their battle strength.


 Wu Shen Tong looked at his heavy tai dogs, feeling satisfied.


 These were saved up by him after much difficulty. In usual battles, he did not use them, saving them until now.


 "It seems this will be a hard battle, I have to use the heavy tai dogs. I believe that when I strike, the opponent should be very surprised. Hahaha..."


 Thinking of this, Wu Shen Tong’s lips curled into a smile.


 But the next moment, his smile froze on his face.


 From the other end of the fog, heavy tai dogs appeared too.


 "The other party also have heavy tai dogs? Indeed, they are an expert in enslavement path, they naturally understand the excellence of the heavy tai dogs, thus they kept a few."


 More and more heavy thai dogs appeared from the fog, as Wu Shen Tong started squinting, his brows frowning into a wrinkle.


 "So many, why do they have so many heavy tai dogs?"


 He had always regarded the heavy tai dogs as his trump card, seeing his opponent have them placed much mental pressure on Wu Shen Tong.


 Suddenly, Wu Shen Tong’s pupils shrunk as he stared at the fog.


 He saw a domineering dog king.


 "Heavy tai dog king! They actually have a heavy tai dog king!" Wu Shen Tong saw this and his heart sank.


 With the dog king, the dog group’s battle strength will surge several times. More importantly, Wu Shen Tong does not have a heavy tai dog king to fight back, his trump card would be suppressed by his opponent’s dog king and have less fighting strength than normal.


 In just a short moment, his trump card was no more.


 "Tough battle, this will be an unprecedentedly tough battle! Who is it? Wu Gui or Zhang San San? It has to be one of them! High chance it is Wu Gui!"


 Wu Shen Tong had lost his confidence towards this battle.


 "The opponent’s troops are larger than mine, I am likely to lose this. Even if I win this, it will be a tough victory and I would face great losses, unable to continue anymore."


 Wu Shen Tong felt regret already.


 But very quickly, he felt more than just simply regret.


 His eye socket expanded more and more, as his mouth opened subconsciously.


 His eyeballs were bulging out of his sockets, like his head was hit on the back. His expression turned from suspicious to shock, from shock to fear.


 From the fog, not only did a large number of heavy tai dogs appear, even green hua dogs, smoke song dogs, light heng dogs and star heng dogs appeared!


 Green hua dogs, a body covered in green scales, having an extraordinary disposition.


 Smoke song dogs, oozing smoke from its nose and mouth, extremely rebellious.


 Light heng dogs, a body of white fur, bright and gentle.


 Star heng dogs, long and slim, stood out from the crowd.


 How is this possible!" Wu Shen Tong screamed: "Green hua, smoke song, light heng and star heng all have differing specialties, they are on the same level, known as the five great mountain 1 dogs collectively, able to form a grand formation! How did they get so many dogs?"


 What was hardest for Wu Shen Tong to believe was that the other party not only had large numbers of five great mountain dogs, they also had their respective dog kings!


 "Who in the world is he? How can he have so many dog kings? Unbelievable! Is this an illusion?" In the fog, dogs were still coming out one after another, causing a great mental impact on Wu Shen Tong.


 Compared to him, the other party was like a giant fighting a baby.


 They could be compared at all!


 Wu Shen Tong had no battle intent left. He had no way of winning this battle.


 The other party just has to wave their hand and the dog groups would overwhelm him, regardless of his manipulation skills, there was no difference.


 The different in military force could not be made up for with technical skills.


 "Who is it? Did a rank five enslavement path Gu Master come to San Cha mountain? Impossible! Even if it is a rank five enslavement path Gu Master, how can they have such a large army? I have to see who the other party is!"


 Wu Shen Tong grabbed his token as he stared at the fog.


 From the fog, a persona appeared.


 "Finally revealing your true identity?" Wu Shen Tong’s sweat was dripping down his forehead as he gulped.


 Swoosh!


 At this moment, there was a light sound and Fang Yuan appeared behind him.


 "Who?" Wu Shen Tong felt something and before he turned back.


 Fang Yuan placed his palm on his head, squeezing.


 Splat!


 His head was popped like a balloon.


 He was dead too.


 From the fog, Bai Ning Bing walked out casually.


 "How many rounds left?" She looked at Fang Yuan, yawning, like she had not gotten out of bed.



***
Chapter 387: Rank Five Slavery Gu


***





 Chapter 387: Rank Five Slavery Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Others had to rack their brains and make countless plans to advance through the rounds; people like Wu Shen Tong and Wu Gui also had to meticulously plan and choose their options. But with the help of the land spirit, Bai Ning Bing just had to move forward.


 The pitiful Wu Shen Tong, a grand rank four peak stage Gu Master, could not even see Bai Ning Bing’s appearance at the end.


 As for Fang Yuan’s appearance, Bai Ning Bing was not in the least bit surprised because the land spirit had reminded her.


 In fact, this was the cooperation of the two.


 Fang Yuan needed Wu Shen Tong’s aperture while Bai Ning Bing needed Wu Shen Tong’s enslavement path Gu worms and these dog groups he had accumulated.


 With Wu Shen Tong’s death, his large dog beasts group was naturally incorporated into Bai Ning Bing’s troops, increasing her enormous dog army by ten percent.


 Looking at the vast dog group, Fang Yuan joyfully nodded: "Your dog beasts army has already become an initial formation. In this King Quan Inheritance, with this group, you can already snowball to the final round without any problems. Remember, at the last few rounds, there are a large group of lion mastiffs. These lion mastiffs are all mutated beasts and have much more battle prowess than the five great mountain dogs. They were the trump cards of King Quan. Besides them, there are two dog emperors, ancient mutated beasts which are more powerful than common mutated beasts. Back in the day, they were the left and right arms of King Quan, each of them can match a rank five Gu Master, you must subdue them!"


 Bai Ning Bing nodded and left, continuing to charge through the rounds.


 "You are indeed someone who came from the future, using Spring Autumn Cicada to come back to the past. You know about three kings inheritance inside out." The land spirit transmitted its voice and praised, "I need to remind you, the immortal essence portions are almost depleted and are only enough for you to kill two more people. Who do you plan on killing next?"


 Fang Yuan nodded and said without hesitation: "Zhang San San."


 Beast placenta Gu already had eighty-nine percent aptitude and shone like a gem. Compared to its previous rough muddy shape, the difference was like night and day.


 Killing two more rank four Gu Masters was enough to achieve ninety percent aptitude.


 Second aperture’s aptitude could not be higher than the Gu Master’s first aperture. Fang Yuan’s first aperture was A grade of ninety percent. Thus, the second aperture Gu’s current limit was also A grade ninety percent.


 Even if he raised it to ninety nine percent, when it was used, Fang Yuan would only have ninety percent. The remaining nine percent aptitude would be wasted.


 Of course, if Fang Yuan could raise his first aperture’s aptitude in the future, the second aperture would also have the potential to rise.


 Zhang San San was only a rank four upper stage Gu Master, a stage lower than Gu Masters like Yi Huo and Kong Ri Tian.


 But in Fang Yuan’s view, he was the enemy who possessed the most threat.


 It was because he was an enslavement path Gu Master second only to Wu Shen Tong and Wu Gui.


 Fang Yuan had a plan: "Bai Ning Bing is not an enslavement path Gu Master in the end and is a complete newbie at commanding the dog groups. Later, she will definitely be confused when commanding so many dog beasts, it will be remarkable if she doesn’t make any mistakes. Fortunately, I don’t need her to command and control the dog beasts, and only need her to form a huge battle formation to protect the main hall and wait quietly."


 Like this, it would greatly fill up for her inadequacy in commanding ability.


 However, such battle formation would be extremely rigid and in case she runs into a proficient enslavement path expert, the situation would turn into a mess.


 For instance, Wu Shen Tong and Wu Gui would only need to command a small group of dogs to make several attacks and probe out the actual situation. They could then send troops to lure the dog beasts repeatedly and cause disorder in the battle formation, creating a hole in the defense.


 Fang Yuan would need to concentrate all his attention at the crucial stage of refining Gu. Land Spirit would also become very weak and all the defense would lie in the dog group, so Fang Yuan naturally wanted to eliminate the enslavement path Gu Masters who possessed the most threat.


 After a while, Fang Yuan killed Zhang San San very smoothly.


 Even Wu Gui, Wu Shen Tong and the others were killed by Fang Yuan, Zhang San San naturally could not escape his claws.


 But his death gave Fang Yuan an unexpected surprise.


 From Zhang San San’s aperture, Fang Yuan actually obtained a rank five slavery Gu.


 Slavery Gu were available from rank one to rank five. Once these Gu were implanted on someone, it could control that Gu Master.


 Rank five enslavement Gu could be used to control rank five Gu Master and was thus very precious and extremely rare. Back in the day on Qing Mao mountain, Gu Yue clan’s fourth generation clan leader had a great battle with flower wine monk. After he lost the battle, he asked for forgiveness and said he was willing to be enslaved by slavery Gu and be at flower wine monk’s disposal. In the end, flower wine monk was deceived by these words and during his moment of carelessness, he was counterattacked by the fourth generation clan leader, dying regretfully on Qing Mao mountain.


 "Famous Gu Masters are not to be underestimated. This Zhang San San is an enslavement path Gu Master, it is not strange for him to possess enslavement Gu. The reason he had not used it was to wait for a good opportunity and get a rank five expert. After all, if a rank five slavery Gu were to be used on a rank four Gu Master, it would be a huge loss."


 Fang Yuan slightly thought and guessed Zhang San San’s thoughts.


 He looked at the beast placenta Gu, its aptitude had already neared ninety percent, he only needed to kill one more.


 Immortal essence portions were exhausted, so Fang Yuan could only kill one more anyway.


 "With this enslavement Gu, I can control one person. Sigh, if I had known this Zhang San San had this Gu, I would have first killed him and used the enslavement Gu to subdue a rank five Gu Master."


 Fang Yuan felt some regret. If he had used this Gu to subdue Tie Mu Bai, it would be greatly advantageous to his Gu refinement!


 Even if he did not get Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui, Ku Mo, Wu Lan Shan or Chou Jiu were also extremely good choices.


 However now, they were all dead, Fang Yuan at best could only subdue rank four Gu Master, but using rank five enslavement Gu on rank four Gu Masters was equivalent to using an ox-cleaver to kill chicken, a complete waste of its value.


 However, despite the rank five enslavement Gu being extremely precious and it would be a waste of its value, Fang Yuan was still going to use it!


 He would be facing enormous risks while refining second aperture Gu, and would no doubt be much safer with a second rank four Gu Master beside him.


 But there were so many rank four Gu Masters in the blessed land, who should he subdue?


 Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian, Long Qing Tian, Yi Chong along with Li Fei Le, Tao Zi, Feng Tian Yu, Yan Jun, Li Xian, Hu Mei Er, Tie clan’s four old-timers, Tie Ruo Nan and others; some were powerful, some were cunning, some were sinister, some were brave, some specialized in long ranged attacks, some had outstanding movement ability, some were superior in healing, some had huge wealth, some had large connections...


 Every choice had its consequences.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts rumbled like lightning and after thinking for a good while, he decided upon a choice.


 "It shall be him. Land spirit, transport me." Fang Yuan decided and said with no hesitation.


 After about three minutes, Feng Tian Yu was kneeling in front of Fang Yuan and wholeheartedly said: "This subordinate Feng Tian Yu greets master!"


 "Feng Tian Yu, you could refine rank five Gu when you were at rank three. Although the rank five Gu died after half a day, you achieved instant reputation from this. Now, things have changed, your clan is dwindling and facing extinction, you are no longer the young clan leader that had infinite prospects once." Fang Yuan looked at the kneeling Feng Tian Yu and said indifferently.


 Feng Tian Yu raised his head: "Having lord as my master, it is this subordinate’s honor and fortune."


 "It is good that you understand this point. Next, continue to charge through the rounds according to my instructions. King Xin inheritance has an undefeated hundred battles Gu, bring it to me." Fang Yuan instructed.


 "Yes, this subordinate will exhaust all his strength to do this task for master!" Feng Tian Yu promptly replied.


 Under the control of the enslavement Gu, he had become a loyal and devoted slave of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan felt reassured at Feng Tian Yu.


 He was not only a famous and talented grand master of the refinement path in Southern Border, he was the biggest beneficiary of King Xin’s inheritance in his previous life.


 In Fang Yuan’s memories, it was him who obtained undefeated hundred battles Gu.


 Now after rebirth, Fang Yuan was not only going to obtain undefeated hundred battles Gu, but also take the original owner as his subordinate.


 "Feng Tian Yu will be guided by the land spirit, it won’t be a problem for him to charge through King Xin’s inheritance. Like this, I have already acquired two of three kings inheritance."


 However, this was also not Fang Yuan’s main reason.


 The reason why he chose Feng Tian Yu was because of his innate talent at refinement path.


 After all, it was the first time Fang Yuan was refining the second aperture Gu. With such a grandmaster of refinement path beside him, it would definitely be a huge help in refining the Gu.


 After taking in Feng Tian Yu, Fang Yuan began to consider his last target to kill.


 Kill who?


 Fang Yuan’s first thought was not the strongest Yi Huo and was also not the influential Hu Mei Er and Tao Zi, but rather Tie Ruo Nan.


 Like Tie Mu Bai, Fang Yuan also thought highly of Tie Ruo Nan’s future prospects. Such a genius that had already been sharpened through trials, if she was allowed to grow, she was bound to be a huge threat. She was more terrifying that even Yi Huo and others.


 However, the problem now was, the threat Tie Ruo Nan brought to Fang Yuan was far lower than Gu Masters like Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and others.


 For the second aperture Gu refinement, if Fang Yuan killed Yi Huo, it would absolutely be more helpful than killing Tie Ruo Nan.


 To kill Yi Huo just to be safe, or root out Tie Ruo Nan in consideration of the future?


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the land spirit: "Not good, something happened!"


 "What?" Fang Yuan was surprised, the land spirit’s tone hid a trace of panic.


 "A rank four Gu Master has discovered a weak area of the blessed land. That area had been seriously damaged due to earth calamity, the heavenly power at that area is the weakest and the Gu Masters can use one Gu there. Now, he is using a rank five Gu to spread poison all over the place. He will open a passage to the outside world in around eight minutes at this rate, and create a hole in the blessed land!"


 Fang Yuan immediately sensed the seriousness of the matter.


 In his previous life, he was a rank six Gu Immortal and had once possessed a blessed land, naturally knowing the importance of this.


 If there was a hole in the blessed land and it connects with the outside world, the immortal essence expenditure would double. If it was not stopped and repaired in time, the hole would grow bigger and bigger, finally attracting winds of assimilation.


 Once the winds of assimilation blew, the blessed land would be destroyed.


 "I have already separated and cut off most of the areas with holes in the blessed land. But there are three places that are in crucial areas and can’t be cut off. To think this person’s luck is so good to actually bump into one of the areas and even be aware of the hole. For the actual situation, take a look." The land spirit heaved a sigh.


 A scene appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 In the scene, there was a Gu Master wearing dark blue robe, he was thin and his gaze was gloomy.


 It was none other than Long Qing Tian!


 Right now, he was activating his sole rank five poison Gu — jade sky.


 Everywhere around him, the land and the sky were all suffused with a layer of pale green light.


 He who once dyed the sky jade green!


 Jade sky Gu was Long Qing Tian’s core trump card, a Gu from the immemorial times and was fundamental extinct now. Long Qing Tian had used this Gu to roam Southern Border and gain terrifying reputation for poisoning countless people.


 Now, he was poisoning this part of the blessed land!



***
Chapter 388: Jade Sky Qing Tian, Hu Immortal Jin Huang


***





 Chapter 388: Jade Sky Qing Tian, Hu Immortal Jin Huang


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "To think my luck is so good, I accidentally found this weakened zone." Long Qing Tian’s gaze shone as he showed an excited expression.


 After all, although the three kings inheritance had a hundred rounds, each one had multiple choices, like the branches of a gigantic tree.


 Him arriving at this place was rarer than one out of ten thousand, his luck was maxed out.


 "The heavenly power restricting this place is very weak, I can actually use one Gu. Haha, I will use the jade sky Gu and poison this blessed land, that way, I will be able to communicate with the main world and form a connection.


 "Once the path is made, I will be able to use Gu worms here at will, I will not have to obey the three kings’ rules. After that, I will use this place as my base and expand my influence, and get all the rewards. Hehehe, eh? Who is it!"


 Long Qing Tian sensed something and turned around, seeing one person far away.


 "Little beast king Fang Zheng?" Long Qing Tian squinted, feeling weird that Fang Yuan was here.


 Fang Yuan did not reply, he waved his hand and a bone spike flew out.


 Long Qing Tian snorted, activating his defensive Gu.


 All around him was the jade-green jade sky Gu’s poison, already invading a huge area. Fang Yuan did not have detoxification methods and did not dare to touch the Gu poison, thus he could only engage in long range battle.


 At this time, Fang Yuan only had the mutated beast phantoms left, but he did not have the rank four all-out effort Gu, thus he could not summon them as he wished.


 But he had killed so many Gu Master experts, and obtained many different Gu worms that could be used for long range attacks.


 In a few rounds of battle, Long Qing Tian was defeated by Fang Yuan.


 Long Qing Tian could only use one Gu at any given time. Fang Yuan could use any number of Gu with the help of the land spirit. The difference between the two was huge.


 Although he won, Fang Yuan’s expression was ugly.


 Long Qing Tian’s corpse was a pale jade-green color, already poisoned by the jade sky Gu poison.


 This demonic expert, before his death, smiled at Fang Yuan darkly, before activating the jade sky Gu and killed himself with poison.


 Fang Yuan did not kill Long Qing Tian, he knew he had no hopes of surviving and suicided.


 "As expected of a demonic head." Fang Yuan breathed out deeply.


 Jade sky Gu contained a special poison from the immemorial era, it is already extinct. In the current southern border, only the four great doctors can cleanse it.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to devour his aperture, he would have to make contact with the poison. If he got poisoned, in less than two hours, his whole body will fade into a green light.


 Very few Gu Masters could survive after getting hit with the jade sky Gu poison.


 Wu Shen Tong from Wu clan was extremely lucky.


 Even if Fang Yuan risked getting poisoned, he might not get any Gu. With the weak heavenly power here, Long Qing Tian could easily self-detonate his Gu worms one by one.


 The benefits were not proportional to the risks, Fang Yuan would not do it.


 "But because of this, my last portion of immortal essence has been expended on Long Qing Tian. The beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude can only reach eighty-nine percent."


 Fang Yuan felt great pity, after working so hard, he did not reach his desired ninety percent.


 "I am after all too weak. The execution of these kind of plans can only be left to chances.


 This unexpected situation that Long Qing Tian caused caught him off guard.


 Fang Yuan was human, not god, he did not expect this to occur.


 Although he had his previous life’s memories, and could clearly recall the details, for such minor details, if nobody mentioned it, who would know?


 Moreover, after his rebirth, he changed many events. Whether this incident by Long Qing Tian happened in his previous life was unknown.


 "Nevermind about the beast strength placenta Gu, what’s worse is that the land had already been infected by the jade sky Gu poison, the poison will eventually break out! By then, this land will rot, and turn into green-blue light, creating a huge hole."


 Fang Yuan looked at this area, as the green color darkened and spread further out.


 Such a loophole would accelerate the blessed land’s destruction. That also means that the land spirit will get even weaker.


 "If it was a younger blessed land, as long as immortal essence is sufficient, even if the poison cannot be cured, it will be able to cut away this rotten area and fix the hole. But this blessed land is already too old, and lack in immortal essence. Forming a hole here now is like the last straw that breaks the camel’s back . Sigh, I have little time left to refine Gu, I must hurry."


 At this point, Fang Yuan’s merciless slaughter had reached its end. He returned to the hall, and fought against time, refining his Gu!


 As days passed, Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure intensified.


 Fang Yuan only slept an hour a day, forcing himself to the limits.


 As he worked hard like his life was on the line, other than a few unavoidable failures, his process was rapid. Even the land spirit was full of praises.


 While Fang Yuan moved closer towards success, his younger brother was extremely high-spirited.


 ....


 Central Continent, Tian Ti mountain.


 At the middle of Hu Immortal blessed land, on Dang Hun mountain, Fang Zheng climbed with great effort, surpassing people after people.


 During this period, he became the center of attention, attracting many people’s gazes.


 "It’s him, that Fang Zheng from Immortal Crane Sect! He surpassed another person again!" Someone was jealous and envious.


 "Fang Zheng..." Looking at Fang Zheng’s ascending silhouette, Fairy Bi Xia had a complicated gaze.


 "Something weird is going on with this lad! At this rate, he might be the first to reach the peak!" Wei Wu Shang who has some rivalry with Fang Zheng had to admit that Fang Zheng had a high chance of success.


 Fang Zheng used both his hands and legs, climbing laboriously.


 He breathed raggedly, with Lord Sky Crane’s help, he surpassed the ten sect elites one by one.


 Eventually, there were only three people above him.


 Xiao Qi Xing, Ying Sheng Ji, Feng Jin Huang!


 "This lad is finally at the front, I did not use one’s own way Gu in vain." He Feng Yang was watching closely, after seeing this, he sighed in relief.


 "Without any accidents, the victor will be one of these four." A Gu Immortal said mentally.


 "Immortal Crane Sect’s speed is fast, but hehe, it is still uncertain who wins until the last second."


 "Indeed, Immortal Crane Sect is only fourth now, and had a huge difference with the first three. Now, it depends on whether he can surpass them in the limited time ahead."


 The Gu Immortals conversed.


 The entire inheritance competition had reached its final stage!


 ...


 In the grand hall, a lump of multi-colored light about the size of a water tank floated in the air as it spun.


 Fang Yuan controlled it as his eyes were bloodshot, muttering: "Retrieve ninety grams of willow orpiment."


 At once, a relief sculpture moved away from the flooring, and turned into solid mass, it was the willow orpiment.


 This was a material was from ancient times, rarely seen in today’s world, it was retrieved by land spirit, carving out ninety grams and placing it into the rainbow-colored light.


 Fang Yuan concentrated, not having any carelessness, as the light turned yellow, he spoke: "Retrieve thirty snowball Gu."


 Thirty snowball Gu flew into the yellow light, the light lump that was water tank size was still yellow, but its volume was shrinking.


 Eventually, it turned into a tiny inconspicuous soil-yellow rock.


 Fang Yuan carefully held this rock, breathing in deeply. To refine this Gu, he spent two days and one night, it had finally ended.


 He was extremely tired, lying down and falling asleep immediately, wanting to sleep for an entire week straight.


 But after an hour, he was woken up by the land spirit.


 This rock could not exist for long, after another fifteen minutes, it would evaporate. By then, Fang Yuan’s hard work would have gone down the drain, and he would need to start over.


 "Refining Gu is difficult, it has to be a strength path Gu Master that has mastery over the refinement path. Even I, who has my memories and foundation, found it hard, and almost failed many times before, it was truly nerve wrecking. No wonder no one managed to refine the second aperture Gu in my previous life."


 Fang Yuan sighed as he patted his cheeks, waking himself up.


 After resting for an hour, he felt much better, but his head was still heavy. He had used up too much mental energy, and he was mentally drained.


 The second aperture Gu was a rank six Gu, refining an Immortal Gu was not an easy task.


 Fang Yuan did not need to look at the mirror to know that he definitely looked pale with deep eye bags, having messy hair and an extremely exhausted expression.


 "Land spirit, how much immortal essence left?" He asked.


 "Five portions left." Land spirit answered, weakness could be felt from its voice.


 Eighteen days had past since Long Qing Tian was killed.


 The rate of weakening of the blessed land shocked Fang Yuan secretly.


 To sustain the three kings inheritance, immortal essence was expended greatly. Such a phenomenon had caused the outside world to go wild.


 At this period, more and more Gu Master came to explore to blessed land, some were established experts.


 "Only five portions of immortal essence are left, but the Gu refinement is only two-thirds done. Land spirit, what day and month is it?" Fang Yuan asked with a grim expression.


 "According to your calendar, today is the nineteenth of October."


 "Nineteenth of October, according to my calculations, the second aperture Gu’s refinement will reach the last step in five days. October twenty-fourth... eh? In history, isn’t this the day where Feng Jin Huang attains victory and inherits the Hu Immortal blessed land?" Fang Yuan thought of Feng Jin Huang.


 This girl had exemplary talent and a strong background, after inheriting Hu Immortal blessed land, she shot up rapidly. In future, she cultivated to Gu Immortal realm using this, and spread her influence throughout the world, shining with a brilliant light.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he escaped southern border and arrived at central continent, becoming a Gu Immortal and after creating the bloodwing demonic sect, this woman was his mortal enemy. They had at least a few hundred battles, and eventually, Fang Yuan allied with numerous demonic path Gu Immortals and attacked Hu Immortal blessed land together, paying a painful price to kill her.


 "My influence now should not have reached central continent yet. Feng Jin Huang obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, the benefit was as great as the heaven! Even second aperture Gu cannot compare to it."


 Fang Yuan sighed, his previous life’s enemy was about to soar to heaven, yet he was too far away and could not stop it.


 Fang Yuan did not know that his brother was still alive, and was engaging in a fierce competition with Feng Jin Huang and the others.


 The influence of his rebirth, had already affected central continent’s ten sects.



***
Chapter 389: Only one step left


***





 Chapter 389: Only one step left


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 October 20th.


 In the main hall, faint red rays of light began to vanish and shone upon the surroundings.


 The relief sculptures on the bronze tiles had already disappeared by more than half.


 Fang Yuan’s face was pale and he looked haggard, his eyes were red as his gaze was fixed at every change in the light lump.


 Everything was silent.


 October 21st.


 The land spirit brought a bad news; a rank five expert had entered the blessed land.


 Fang Yuan looked at the image and immediately recognized this person: "So it was Xiao Mang of Xiao clan. He is an expert of the light path and possesses rank five extreme light Gu. In my previous life, he appeared on San Cha mountain, he came after all."


 The land spirit gasped: "Extreme light Gu? Then it means this Xiao Mang can summon the light of glory of the immemorial era! This enemy is a huge threat to us!"


 The land spirit was extremely worried.


 Immemorial times had nine heavens; white heaven, red heaven, orange heaven, yellow heaven, green heaven, azure heaven, blue heaven, purple heaven and black heaven.


 The sunlight of the immemorial era was extraordinary, it was the light of glory and could pierce through the nine heavens and spread its warmth and grace to all living beings.


 At present, red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue and purple heavens were no more, only white heaven and black heaven remained. The sunlight no longer contained the glory of the immemorial era, and had weakened to the extreme, being able to pierce through only the white heaven.


 Rank five extreme light Gu, once activate, could burst out with the intense light of glory of immemorial era. This light did not have even a little bit of attack power, but it could pass through everything and shine upon on every corner of the world.


 That is to say, even this blessed land could not cut off immemorial light.


 Fang Yuan scoffed: "Ba Gui, you can be relieved. He obtained the extreme light Gu from robbing a tomb and is an incomplete Gu. He can only use it three times every month. If he crosses this limit, the Gu will self-destruct."


 The land spirit let out a breath of relief: "That’s good. These days, I have been getting weaker. At the final juncture, you will have to rely on yourself."


 "Hehe, I have always liked relying on myself." Fang Yuan laughed and continued to refine Gu without saying any more.


 October 22nd.


 Puff...


 "Damn it, another failure!"


 Fang Yuan spat out a large mouthful of blood, his eyes turned black and almost lost his consciousness.


 He gritted his teeth and held the ground; he felt the world was spinning, he seemed to see stars and there were continuous buzzing sounds in his ears.


 Especially, his chest felt stifled and he felt like vomiting.


 After a long while, this nauseous feeling eased slightly.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and slowly sat down.


 "Failure in Gu refinement will cause a backlash. I have already failed three times in this step, it is not that my skills are bad, I already did it perfectly but this step seems to rely on luck and has a probability of one in a ten chance of success. Sigh! There is no time!"


 Fang Yuan was looking pale, he resisted the pain of the backlash with great difficulty and began his fourth attempt.


 At this moment, the immortal essence in the bronze cauldron was less than four portions.


 October 23rd.


 Fang Yuan stopped his actions and looked at the Gu worm in his hand with bright light shining in his eyes.


 This Gu was like a beetle with a big and graceful belly, a pointed head and tail. It did not have any legs or antennas. It’s shape was vague, seemingly like a vague carving on crude earthenware, with no vitality like a grey stone.


 The earth spirit was joyous: "Young man, I really didn’t misjudge you! You have succeeded in refining this false Gu, now you only need to advance a step and turn false into real and refine the true second aperture Gu!"


 "That’s right, only one step remains." Fang Yuan’s tone was complicated, relaxed and yet heavy.


 Refining this second aperture Gu was like climbing a mountain. There were thousands of steps and who knew how many times he had failed, and he had gotten almost no rest, but finally he reached this stage. His previous effort and investment were not in vain, thus he was relaxed.


 However, this final step was the most crucial moment, a step of qualitative change and required the use of Immortal Gu divine travel Gu.


 Although Fang Yuan had succeeded in refining Spring Autumn Cicada, he had never used Immortal Gu to refine Immortal Gu; this final step was the step which he did not have any certainty of, so his mood was heavy.


 "Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn. With unlimited divine opportunity, swim and roam in the wilds, adding in third watch, and another third watch, obtaining nine. Nine as extreme, the refinement is complete... This final step required the use of lifespan Gu, divine travel Gu and also two third watch Gu." Fang Yuan pondered.


 He understood the earlier steps and could even modify them. But as for this step, he only slightly understood its real intent.


 "Land spirit, what changes have occured in the blessed land?" Fang Yuan suddenly asked.


 "Two batch of troops have arrived with dozens of rank three Gu Masters, each being led by a rank four Gu Master; their momentum is great." The land spirit showed the scenes to Fang Yuan.


 "So it is Che clan and Zuo clan, tsk , the two clan leaders are leading and it seems most of the elders have come." Fang Yuan recognized them with a glance.


 The whole San Cha mountain was located in between Zuo clan’s Leng Chan mountain and Che clan’s Fei Lai mountain.


 These two clans were continuously expanding and in the recent years, had been competing at the front line of San Cha mountain with the intent to occupy it.


 However, the sudden appearance of the three kings inheritance thoroughly ruined these two clans’ plan.


 There were a hundred thousand famous mountains in the whole Southern Border along with countless unnamed mountains and hills which were covered with wild and ferocious beasts, their surroundings were dangerous and extremely hard to pass.


 Other forces could only send their elites. But these two clans were nearby and had restrained themselves at the beginning, but now when they felt the strange change in the inheritance, they finally send most of their troops.


 To Fang Yuan, this was bad news.


 At the final juncture, everyone was sure to attack the center of the blessed land, this main hall. These Che clan and Zuo clan’s troops were all Fang Yuan’s enemies.


 "Besides them, when the time comes, there will be Li Xian, Hu Mei Er, Yi Huo, Kong Ri Tian and other experts. At the final juncture, I will have to concentrate fully on refining Gu and leave the defense to land spirit, Bai Ning Bing and Feng Tian Yu. This is however only the external danger."


 "At the final step, I will need to use two third watch Gu in a row, causing the time to flow nine times faster on me! This is a great tonic to Spring Autumn Cicada and at that time, its pressure will increase drastically and endanger my aperture. This is the internal danger."


 "With both internal and external danger, danger lurks everywhere. But I can only grit my teeth and persevere. I have already reached this stage, only one step remains before I am able to step on the summit. I will bet on this. If I really succeed, I will have a second aperture and as I cultivate to rank six in future, I will not fall too far behind Feng Jin Huang.


 In Fang Yuan’s plan after rebirth, Qing Mao mountain and Shang Clan were only a platform while the second aperture Gu was the stepping stone.


 But it was because of these small accumulations that he could sprint further.


 Next, there will be many opportunities which he would have no qualifications to participate without a certain cultivation and strength!


 "All living beings have to go through survival of the fittest, I can’t compromise on these opportunities and have to make every second count. Only then will I not let down my future knowledge...."


 Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh before beginning to rest, preparing for the final day.


 October 24th.


 Fang Yuan woke up from his deep sleep and slowly opened his eyes.


 "It has been so many days since I had such a comfortable sleep, next is the great battle!" He stood up and slowly paced around the main hall.


 Under the land spirit’s guidance, there were already two people standing outside the main hall.


 "Master!" Feng Tian Yu immediately kneeled in front of Fang Yuan and offered a Gu worm.


 This Gu was nothing special in its appearance, looking like a round piece of limestone. It was none other than undefeated hundred battles Gu.


 "Subordinate was able to accomplish the mission, and after going through the hundredth round and receiving King Xin Inheritance, I was able to take in these hairy men."


 At his side stood several hundred hairy men, their bodies were filled with dense hair and were standing there quietly.


 "Good." Fang Yuan nodded and indifferently praised, he was not surprised.


 These hairy men had the innate nature to follow the people who were better at refining Gu than them. It was not surprising for Feng Tian Yu to charge through the hundredth barrier and have these followers.


 Fang Yuan then walked towards Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing looked at the great bronze main hall, her gaze flashing with a trace of understanding: "It seems this is the blessed land’s center area."


 Saying so, she looked at Fang Yuan: "Hmph, you best remember your promise."


 Fang Yuan smiled: "You can be at ease."


 He looked behind Bai Ning Bing, seeing the near hundred thousand dog beasts that did not seem to have an end; some were occupying an area, some were having fun with each other and some were running around, making a din.


 Fang Yuan slightly furrowed his brows, this was the weakness of Bai Ning Bing’s commanding ability. If it was Zhang San San, Wu Gui or Wu Shen Tong, any one of them could arrange these dogs in a tight formation and have them stand there without moving, like an army.


 However, this was after all something entirely beyond Bai Ning Bing, she had never received any enslavement path training before, and it was already not easy for her to be able to reach this stage.


 In fact, Bai Ning Bing was feeling dizzy now, her every movement was slightly lagging and her soul felt heavy, she felt her body was like a marionette.


 Controlling so many dog beasts at once was truly demanding a lot out of her.


 "Listen to my arrangements now, be in a defensive formation. No matter how the enemies provoke you, do not take the initiative to attack. Remember it at all costs, remember." Fang Yuan warned.


 "Okay, since it is your arrangement, whether this succeeds or fails has no relation to me." Bai Ning Bing coldly replied.


 "Hehe, no matter success or failure, I will give you the Yang Gu." Fang Yuan assured with a smile.


 "Hmph, you better do what you said."


 ...


 "Two light pillars have disappeared, this means King Xin and King Quan Inheritance have been taken!" Early morning, at the peak of San Cha mountain, there was a commotion among the Gu Masters.


 "This time’s inheritation opening is extremely strange, it has been maintaining itself till today, causing the blessed land to deteriorate extremely fast." Someone was doubtful.


 But compared to this, more people were paying attention towards the inheritance.


 "Who are the two lucky guys who inherited the inheritance?"


 "I think King Xin Inheritance should be inherited by Lord Tie Mu Bai. He has not come out since he entered."


 "King Quan Inheritance might have been inherited by Wu Gui."


 "No, it should be our clan’s lord Wu Shen Tong."


 "Hmph, the way I see it, our demonic path’s enslavement master Zhang San San also has a chance of winning."


 The crowd argued for a while before someone finally discovered something strange.


 "Strange, none of the several rank five Gu Masters that entered the inheritance has come out. What is going on?"


 "King Xin and King Quan Inheritance were inherited, but why have the other guys not come out?"


 "They are being detained in the blessed land. This blessed land is already nearing its extinction, not long later the passage will open wide and let all of us enter and exit at will." A resonant voice spread.


 "Lord Xiao Mang!" Immediately, the righteous path Gu Masters recognized the identity of the speaker.


 "This Xiao Mang has not entered the inheritance after he arrived on San Cha mountain, what the heck is he planning?" Demonic Gu Masters felt apprehensive inwardly, Xiao Mang’s arrival had suppressed their flames.


 Xiao Mang proudly smiled after succeeding in attracting everyone’s gaze: "Now I will use extreme light Gu to open the passage for us!"


 When he finished speaking, he opened his eyes wide and furiously activated his primeval essence while lifting his fists high.


 Extreme light Gu!


 Heaven’s will Gu!


 Empty fist Gu!


 Killer move — Immemorial Light Fist!


 Three Gu activated at once, causing the whole sky to dim.


 Everyone looked with shock as light rays formed into an enormous fist the size of a mountain, it appeared abruptly and disappeared just as suddenly, striking at some unknown place.


 Extreme light Gu might have no attacking power, but when combined with the other two Gu, it could form an incomparably intense attack!


 Bam!


 A formless membrane was pierced through, the blessed land shook and an enormous hole formed into a passage that connected to the outside world.



***
Chapter 390: Mo Wu Tian


***





 Chapter 390: Mo Wu Tian


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 On San Cha mountain peak, only one light pillar remained.


 But a grey plain appeared in front of everyone like a foggy image. It looked like it was separated by a veil, giving off a dream-like atmosphere.


 How could a plain appear on the mountain peak?


 This was caused by Xiao Mang; he penetrated the blessed land and created a loophole.


 For a moment, everyone was silent; some were dazed, some shocked, and some looked at each other, no one moved.


 Xiao Mang snorted inwardly before slightly signalling with his eyes at somewhere in the crowd.


 A Gu Master immediately ran out of the crowd: "Lord Xiao Mang’s might is unrivalled, even forcibly piercing through the blessed land. Like this, we are no longer confined by the restrictions of three kings inheritance and all of us can enter!"


 After he finished shouting this, he walked out of the crowd and with several jumps, entered the hole inside the blessed land.


 He then activated his Gu worms in front of everyone.


 One, two, and three... the heavenly power’s suppression around the hole had weakened, allowing him to activate three Gu worms.


 This scene immediately caused the crowd to be restless, countless people seemed to be startled awake and their breathing turned rough.


 Being able to use Gu meant they had the ability to defend themselves. That is to say, the risk in the blessed land greatly decreased.


 However, the performance was still not over, this Gu Master suddenly ran back and with several jumps, got out of the blessed land and returned to San Cha mountain.


 "Hahaha!" He laughed loudly and cupped his fists to Xiao Mang, "Thank you lord for your favor!"


 Xiao Mang chuckled: "There is no need for thanks, no need. I only felt that everyone should have the rights to compete for the treasures of heaven and earth. It is too much that only a few people hog them. However, how much you can seize will have to depend on yourselves."


 "We are very grateful to Lord Xiao Mang!"


 "Lord Xiao Mang is a great person, and his elder brother is the hero Xiao Shan."


 "Truly, they are a pair of dragon and tiger brothers!"


 "Looking at all the great rank five Gu Masters at San Cha mountain, only Lord Xiao Mang cared about us weaker characters, he is a role model of the righteous path, he is so kind..."


 The cheers and flattery of everyone entered Xiao Mang’s ears like a tide.


 The crowd of people charged into the blessed land.


 "A bunch of idiots." Xiao Mang was beaming with a warm and gentle smile, but was disdainfully scoffing inwardly.


 "I came really late compared to Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui and the others. King Quan and King Xin Inheritances have been taken, now only King Bao remains! Damn them! I had already pleaded with father and the elders, but they were only concerned about Xiao Shan’s illness! Hmph, it would be best if he dies, then I will become young clan leader..."


 "Hmph, only after coaxing and pestering was I permitted to come to San Cha mountain, but it is too late already! How can I compare to those guys who came before me? Only by creating a hole in the blessed land, and causing chaos can I get benefits from within!"


 "As for this blessed land, the more people that goes in, the more burden it will have to bear. Hehehe, the heavenly power will get weaker and weaker. So what if you guys obtained the inheritance? I can completely use my Gu worms to seize them! King Bao, King Quan and King Qin Inheritance, they are all mine! If I can’t obtain them, then you guys can also stop thinking of them!"


 ...


 "Alright, this is more or less it." Fang Yuan nodded with satisfaction as he looked at his surroundings.


 This bronze main hall was situated on a hill. The hill was not steep and rather had gentle slopes around it.


 Such a terrain was not easy to defend, but the numbers of the dog beasts slightly made up for it.


 For over two hours, Fang Yuan had been arranging the formation for Bai Ning Bing and explaining to her how to deal with any situations that could occur.


 BOOM...


 Right at this time, the whole world shook and some dust fell off from the ceiling of the bronze hall.


 "Not good, that Xiao Mang used extreme light Gu to pierce through the blessed land and formed a passage. Large numbers of Gu Masters are rushing in, killing and competing; the whole situation has completely fallen into chaos!" The lands spirit’s voice resounded.


 Fang Yuan chuckled without any panic.


 In his previous life’s memories, it had been the same. Xiao Mang’s arrival signified the development of this scene.


 "Chaos is good, Xiao Mang wants to profit from this chaos while I need this chaotic situation to help me drag for time." Fang Yuan’s dark eyes flashed with eerie light.


 "Eh? A rank five Gu Master actually mixed in among this crowd... this young man is really amazing to be able to deceive my senses, I only found something wrong when he made his move!" The land spirit suddenly said.


 Fang Yuan furrowed his brows, this development was beyond his expectation: "Who is it?"


 The image in front of him stopped and showed a young man with long black hair that reached up to his waist. He had a pair of deep and dark purple eyes with thick eyebrows which ends were raised up, giving him a crazed disposition like burning flames.


 He gave off an awe-inspiring demonic aura, disregarding the world, an unbridled tyrannical aura that seemed to want to destroy the world like the descent of an evil dragon.


 "Mo Wu Tian!" Fang Yuan gaze concentrated and recognized the man.


 This person was a genius of the demonic path who had inherited an ancient inheritance and was a soul path Gu Master. Whether it was his reputation or power, Fang Yuan was not his match.


 In his memories, in the battle of Yi Tian mountain, Mo Wu Tian had beheaded several rank five righteous path Gu Masters, his reputation was fearsome and his demonic flames soared to the skies. At the end, when the demonic path was completely defeated, Mo Wu Tian broke through the besiegement and stormed out with no one being able to obstruct him.


 "In my previous life, Mo Wu Tian did not come to San Cha mountain! It seems the influence of my rebirth has already affected a person of such strength?"


 Just as Fang Yuan was contemplating, inside the image, Mo Wu Tian seemed to have discovered being watched; he slightly turned around and unexpectedly looked right in Fang Yuan’s direction.


 "So it was this way..." He muttered in a soft voice and the corner of his lips formed a sinister smile.


 "This is bad, he seems to have sensed us and is charging towards here!" The land spirit immediately gave a warning.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes squinted into a slit, Mo Wu Tian was actually targeting him with an intense hostility. What are his intentions, and what did he discover?


 "The chaos will only last for a some time and when Tie Mu Bai and the others don’t show up, it will start creating doubt. We don’t have much time, we need to immediately start with the Gu refinement! Land spirit, raise the fog. Feng Tian Yu, follow me into the main hall and help me in Gu refinement!"


 They were pressed for time, Fang Yuan shouted his commands and brought Feng Tian Yu into the bronze hall.


 As for the hairy men that followed Feng Tian Yu, they were left outside to surround and protect the main hall, forming into the final line of defense.


 Looking at Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu’s departing figures, Bai Ning Bing’s eyes flashed with a cold light.


 The fog began to rise and spread, covering the main hall quickly before covering all the dog beasts on the hill.


 ...


 The bronze hall was spacious and majestic, its walls echoed back Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu’s footsteps, making the silence and the emptiness of this place even more conspicuous.


 At present, the bronze tiles on the main hall were already a scene of emptiness — most of the materials and Gu worms were already consumed in refining Gu with only a few relief sculptures remaining now.


 Fang Yuan walked to the bronze cauldron with Feng Tian Yu and sat cross-legged.


 "This is the final step, the true crucial moment!" He took a deep breath, his eyes as clear as water.


 Feng Tian Yu’s breathing, however, was rough, showing his excitement. To a refinement path Gu Master, refining an Immortal Gu was something they looked forward to the most their whole life.


 "Let’s start." Fang Yuan took out the false second aperture Gu and directly threw it into the bronze cauldron.


 The bronze cauldron burned without fire, the thin layer of immortal essence on its bottom started to rapidly decrease and combust!


 It combusted and formed into a blue smoke that gracefully rose and covered the false second aperture Gu.


 The false Gu floated above the bronze cauldron and was turned into dazzling yellow light by this blue smoke.


 Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu concentrated all their attention into blending the blue smoke and the yellow light.


 After an unknown period of time, the blue smoke turned into beads of grass that floated in the air and started growing. The yellow light turned into flowers that fluttered and fell into the grass.


 "It is time!" Fang Yuan took out a dagger and cut his artery, bleeding out his own essence blood.


 This step was extremely important; only with this step, could the refined second aperture Gu become Fang Yuan’s. Otherwise, it would be an ownerless object that would fly away once it was refined.


 Large amounts of essence blood infused into smoke. The blue smoke and yellow light immediately let out sizzling sounds and turned into a red cloud like a wave of blood sea.


 The blood surged and turned into a sphere that floated in the air without spreading.


 The cloud was continuously evolving: Blood sea gradually calmed down and formed a field, a large expense of red paddy that was scarlet like blood grew from the field.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air at this and promptly used a Gu to heal his wounds.


 Even so, he had lost a huge amounts of blood and his face had turned wan.


 "Wild grass grow wildly, the qi of blood like the sea. Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn. With unlimited divine opportunity, swim and roam in the wilds, adding in third watch, and another third watch, obtaining nine. Nine as extreme, the refinement is complete!"


 He already knew the recipe inside out, but still recalled it once more now.


 "Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn... next, it is lifespan Gu! Ba Gui!" Fang Yuan shouted.


 The land spirit was already on standby and immediately took out two lifespan Gu at Fang Yuan’s call.


 These lifespan Gu were one large and one small like ginseng or tree roots and gave a crude sense of touch.


 The small was three hundred years lifespan Gu; it was like a blue snake that had formed into a round loop, it could increase a Gu Master’s lifespan by three hundred years with no side-effects. The large one was like a young dragon that wanted to fly to the sky, bearing its claws; it could raise the lifespan by five hundred years and similarly with no side-effects.


 The worth of these two Gu was self-evident. Feng Tian Yu’s eyes blossomed with light and his whole body shook at the sight of these two Gu.


 Fang Yuan first threw in the three hundred years lifespan Gu into the cloud.


 The cloud swallowed the lifespan Gu and immediately started raging like boiling water.


 Right now, the cloud seemed to have become a blue scaled long snake that attempted to slip out of Fang Yuan’s control!


 Fang Yuan was caught unprepared and almost lost his grasp on this blue snake.


 When he managed to react, most parts of the blue snake had already slipped out with only its tail remaining in his hands.


 Fang Yuan tightly gritted his teeth and opened his eyes wide; they were completely red!


 He poured in all his attention and all his strength to tightly grasp the cloud and not let it escape.


 Once the cloud escaped, all his previous effort would turn into an illusion!



***
Chapter 391: Demonic Path Alliance Army


***





 Chapter 391: Demonic Path Alliance Army


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Seconds passed like days, eventually, the cloud gradually settled down in the air.


 Fang Yuan finally had the break he needed to curse the original owner of this blessed land. Such an important point was not mentioned at all in the recipe!


 All because of him concentrating hard and reacting in time, together with the help of Feng Tian Yu, he was able to calm and stabilize the situation, slowly getting back his control, otherwise he would have failed.


 As time passed, a mystical aura slowly spread.


 The cloud completely digested the three-hundred-year lifespan Gu, calming down and turning back to the scene of ’blood field red wheat’. But at this moment, the red wheat had turned blue-green, as if new crops were growing in spring, almost overcrowding. This was what the recipe described as "three hundred years as spring".


 "That mysterious Gu Immortal must’ve only developed the recipe but did not actually do it himself, otherwise, he would have mentioned it." Fang Yuan caught a break and thought hard: "Next, I have to use the five-hundred-year lifespan Gu, but no need to rush."


 He wiped the sweat off his forehead, calling the land spirit: "Ba Gui, show me the image of the poisoned land.


 Immediately, smoke images appeared in the air, showing a picture.


 Long Qing Tian’s corpse laid on the ground, as his surrounding sky and land were dyed a deep green colour.


 This was Long Qing Tian’s jade sky Gu poison.


 This Gu originated from the immemorial era, it had a strong poison that Fang Yuan would not dare to touch.


 At this moment, two Gu Masters appeared in the image, they had rank three cultivation.


 "This place is weird, why is it so green?"


 "Quickly, see, that corpse — It’s Long Qing Tian!"


 They entered this place and found Long Qing Tian’s corpse by accident.


 "Long Qing Tian is rank four peak stage, a famous demonic head, he was actually killed!"


 "Quickly go see, his corpse might have something good!"


 The two were happily running towards Long Qing Tian’s corpse, driven by greed, they did not realize their bodies were infected by this green light.


 "Courting death." Fang Yuan sneered, as expected, in less than ten steps, their poison reacted and the two of them turned into green light, dissipating.


 "The jade sky Gu poison has gotten very deep, this region is almost finished, it has completely rotted, the loophole it forms will be even greater than the one Xiao Mang created."


 Time was precious, every second was important, but Fang Yuan did not move regardless of how anxious he felt.


 After five minutes, with a boom, the blessed land shook and the hall vibrated.


 The second loophole tunnel was created!


 The land spirit sighed, this way, the blessed land’s speed of destruction doubled!


 "Continue refining Gu!" Fang Yuan took out the five-hundred-year lifespan Gu and threw it into the cloud.


 The cloud rumbled again, trying to break free of Fang Yuan’s control.


 But Fang Yuan was mentally prepared, he was not caught unaware like last time, and restrained it completely.


 But quickly, he felt that there was nothing he could do.


 The cloud’s change this time, was not only giving off a slippery feeling, but also an arrogant brute force. Like a green snake that had evolved into a flood dragon, about to break free from Fang Yuan’s control.


 Feng Tian Yu quickly came to help, the two worked hard to suppress the cloud’s transformation.


 The cloud rumbled many times, about to break free at times, but was eventually suppressed.


 Five minutes later, the cloud became clear again, showing a blood field with golden wheat ready for a bountiful harvest. It was the "five hundred years as autumn" scene.


 Thankfully, he only refined this Gu after the poison broke out, if not, when the second loophole formed and the hall shook, this Gu refinement would have been interrupted and would not have succeeded.


 Fang Yuan waited a while more, as the cloud slowly dispersed after maturing. From the water tank size, it shrunk into a new Gu, falling down.


 Fang Yuan held it, it was like a peanut shell, golden and having markings on the surface, that is, scarlet blood traces.


 The first false second aperture Gu could only survive for a week, it was unstable. As for this Gu, it could survive for forty years.


 At this step, the real second aperture Gu had already formed, and was nurturing in the peanut shell.


 But if it was allowed to develop on its own, not just a thousand years, but even if given then thousand years, it might not turn into the real product. Only by using a strong external force, to eliminate the false and make it real, turning from phantom to solid, can it attain a qualitative change, breaking free from mortality and become an immortal!


 And this external force is none other than the rank six divine travel Gu!


 "Next, we have to use an Immortal Gu to refine an Immortal Gu!" Fang Yuan took deep breaths, regulating his internal flow as he started the most important step of this entire refinement process.


 At this time, in the outside world, sounds of killing was overwhelming the mountain...


 "This dog is mine!"


 "As long as you hand over your Gu worms, I will spare you your life."


 "Kill all these eggmen, these variant humans are actually occupying one spirit spring, what a waste of resources!"


 ...


 All sorts of plundering and robbing were happening, as Gu Masters killed till their eyes turned red, casualties increased greatly.


 "Strange! Why have we not seen Lord Tie Mu Bai after so long!"


 "Where did our Wu clan Wu Shen Tong go?"


 Tie clan and Wu clan Gu Masters felt something amiss.


 "Search, quickly go search!"


 "The heavenly power’s restriction is very small now, we can use most of our Gu worms. The situation is a mess now, there is killing everywhere, as blood flow into a river, we need to find our clan’s experts to suppress the situation."


 "Are there any places left unsearched?"


 "The deepest part of this blessed land, there is a thick fog."


 Just as these people placed their sights on the bronze hall, Mo Wu Tian had walked to the edge of the fog alone.


 "There is the aura of a Immortal Gu..."


 His purple eyes was deep and mysterious, with arrogance and wildness hidden within. Using the purple eyes, the fog dissipated at times, as an endless number of dogs appeared in Mo Wu Tian’s vision.


 He frowned.


 There was strong defenses, just him alone cannot penetrate this defensive line. He needed external help.


 His brows eased as Mo Wu Tian turned around.


 He moved like lightning, tearing through the sky, moving a hundred miles as he landed before Hu Mei Er.


 Hu Mei Er was first scared till she turned pale, after recognising Mo Wu Tian, she smiled: "Young master Wu Tian, you came too! This three kings inheritance has little meat but many wolves , you might get disappointed. Eh! You have advanced to rank five!"


 Hu Mei Er looked at this man, unable to hide her shock.


 She gulped, trying to alleviate this shock as she forced out a smile: "That’s great, you have rank five strength, you have the ability to gain great rewards from this situation. These green eggmen have huge numbers, they have built structures and castles, I cannot break through. There is a green egg empress inside, as long as we capture her, we will be able to have endless fortune."


 "Hehehe." Mo Wu Tian looked at the castle, laughing lightly: "Back then, King Bao, Wang Ba Dan, had eight egg empresses, and produced numerous eggmen. King Xin, Wang Xiao Ya’s inheritance has divulge information Gu and undefeated hundred battles Gu. King Quan, Wang Er Gou, had two dog emperors, Ying Ming and Ba Huang. This is the essence of the three kings inheritance, but none of them interests me."


 Hu Mei Er’s smile froze: "To think that young master Wu Tian knows the three kings inheritance so clearly. Since you have no interests in it, why don’t you let me have it."


 "As expected of a woman, you are too short-sighted!" Mo Wu Tian laughed loudly, staring at Hu Mei Er’s eyes: "Let me tell you, the land spirit of this blessed land is not dead, in the deepest area, a deceased Gu Immortal’s treasure awaits!"


 "What?!" Hu Mei Er was stunned.


 "But there is a thick fog there and over a hundred thousand dogs guard it. To go to the central control hall, it is not enough with just the two of us." Mo Wu Tian laughed deeply.


 Hu Mei Er was a smart woman, she immediately understood Mo Wu Tian’s intentions.


 Her eyes shone as she laughed curtly: "Hehehe, isn’t it easy to recruit people?"


 Hu Mei Er was a decisive person, she abandoned the green egg empress, recruiting demonic Gu Masters alone with Mo Wu Tian.


 With her network, and Mo Wu Tian’s cultivation and reputation, a large group of demonic Gu Masters soon gathered.


 Adding in the details of the Gu Immortal’s treasure, the demonic merchant Li Xian, Fiery Star Bao Tong, Rock Lizard Li Qiang and others all gathered.


 Mo Wu Tian returned to the fog, no longer alone, but with a demonic army amounting to thousands of people.


 "They are finally here..." Bai Ning Bing sitting on the hill stood up slowly.


 The fog could obscure people’s vision, but because of the land spirit’s help, Bai Ning Bing had a clear vision, and could see the demonic alliance army.


 Mo Wu Tian observed for a while before saying: "Li Qiang, bring three hundred people and attack head-on. After a few dozen steps, you will face the steel armor dogs. Fight as you retreat, move towards the left and engage with the chrysanthemum akita dogs. Defeat them and you will charge towards the south-east direction.


 "Hu Mei Er, bring five hundred people, and go left. As you fighting your way through, you will encounter lightning symbol dogs, hedgedogs and corpse dogs, do not mind the losses, just charge towards the north."


 "Bao Tong, go on the right path, bring eight hundred people. Towards the southwest direction, make a din and shout as you charge, no dogs will obstruct you for five hundred steps. After you encounter the lightning symbol dogs, fighting and charge with all you’ve got, if you cannot break through in forty-five minutes, retreat back here!"


 "Li Xian, bring four hundred people as back-up, prepare for mobilization anytime, If I give no commands, take care of the returning troops."


 "Then what about you Mo Wu Tian?" Li Xian’s eyes shone with deep meaning as he asked.


 "I will obviously stand guard at the base, why, you have a problem?" Mo Wu Tian looked at Li Xian lightly with his expression purple eyes.


 Li Xian felt a chill in his spine.


 "When did this Mo Wu Tian become so scary? His cultivation surged and his killing intent is overflowing, it seems he received an amazing ancient inheritance, if not, how could he improve so much? I had thought that little beast king could fight with him, but now it seems that he is truly the demonic path’s number one genius, he is simply too fearsome."


 Li Xian’s heart turn cold as he obeyed the command.


 With such an arrangement, four demonic experts brought their troops and charged towards the fog according to Mo Wu Tian’s orders.



***
Chapter 392: Demonic and Righteous attacking together


***





 Chapter 392: Demonic and Righteous attacking together


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "It’s coming." Bai Ning Bing’s gaze shone as her expression was nervous, quickly mobilizing the dog group.


 The still dog army started moving, like a giant millstone. As for these Gu Masters, they became the green bean and yellow beans, in a short amount of time, they were grinded to paste. More than half were dead, some saw the danger and retreated immediately.


 The demonic army suffered a huge lost, investing over a thousand men, but only a few hundred returned.


 "Young master Wu Tian, did you really see clearly?" Li Qiang questioned: "I charged in according to your instructions. We did encounter the steel armor dog on the first wave, and we retreated towards the left, but we met with the assault of both lightning symbol dogs and chrysanthemum akita dogs. The numbers were too great, we can’t deal with that. After a fruitless slaughter, we could only come back!"


 Bao Tong’s temper was even more irascible: "I brought eight hundred people, but did not hear the shouting sounds from the northwest side. But towards the southeast side, I heard people fighting. I brought my troops there and met with the combined attack of the lightning symbol dogs, hedgedogs and corpse dogs."


 Hu Mei Er’s expression was also ugly: "Young master Wu Tian, I listen to you and prepared to attack. But eight hundred steps in, I did not see any dog groups. Just when I was confused, dog groups came encircling us, luckily we managed to turn around and fight our way back, if not my life would’ve been lost there."


 Li Xian was expressionless, standing at one side. His group was meant to protect the returning Gu Masters, and fight the approaching dog groups.


 Although there were lots of retreating troops, not a single dog came over, causing him to waste his time waiting.


 Mo Wu Tian’s expression was solemn, after a while, he spoke: "I can see the actual scenario much more clearly than all of you. There is someone manipulating these dogs, it is not a fixed formation but an ever-changing one. That is why all of you failed."


 Everyone was shocked: "There is someone controlling them? Who is it?"


 Mo Wu Tian shook his head: "The fog is too dense, I can only see a faint figure, I can’t tell the identity of the other party. But there is definitely a mastermind, only a human’s intelligence can react so perfectly. But no matter, I have some understanding of the enslavement path, from now you, you have to attack like this, to break through their encirclement and obtain the Gu Immortal treasure!"


 Everyone’s face had blood stains as they looked at each other, nodding reluctantly due to Mo Wu Tian’s rank five strength as well as the allure of the immortal treasure.


 But this time, they still returned in defeat, suffering even greater losses than before.


 "The person behind this has high attainment in enslavement path, I underestimated him." Mo Wu Tian frowned, he had thought of a perfect plan, using all four routes to cooperate, but the other party reacted quickly and found out his intentions. Purposely controlling his troops to intercept the four routes before they converged, such movements were at the level of a master.


 "Mo Wu Tian, you have to give an explanation! We fight with our lives and lost so many people, but we have not even seen the shadow of the treasure. Are you standing here for fun? You are a rank five Gu Master, you should put in some effort too!" Bao Tong was furious as he screamed while gripping his injury.


 "Oh? You want an explanation? Hehe, then I’ll give you a satisfactory answer." Mo Wu Tian laughed sinisterly, as his purple eyes shone.


 "You!" Bao Tong was caught by surprise as he stared at Mo Wu Tian, unable to move.


 A moment later, he fell on the ground.


 Dead.


 The Gu Masters went into a commotion.


 Fiery Star Bao Tong, he was a famous rank four fire path Gu Master. Mo Wu Tian did not even attack, he killed him with a single stare!


 "You want an explanation, I gave you an explanation, are you satisfied? If you are unhappy, you can tell me." Mo Wu Tian looked at his corpse as he waited for an answer.


 "You’re not speaking, it seems you are satisfied." Mo Wu Tian laughed, looking around: "Hehehe, Bao Tong is satisfied, what about you guys? Do you want an explanation from me too?"


 It was complete silence all around.


 Mo Wu Tian killed people in the blink of an eye, Bao Tong was rank four upper stage but he could not even take one hit, dying immediately.


 The demonic Gu Masters were scared and shocked, regretting their greed, why did they follow Mo Wu Tian?


 Now that they were roped in, they want to leave? Hmph, too late!


 Hu Mei Er and the others lowered their heads, not looking at Mo Wu Tian’s eyes. Mo Wu Tian’s killing technique caused fear in them.


 They had thought that he had just advanted to rank five, and might not have true rank five prowess, but to think his fighting strength was on par with Wu Gui and the others!


 How old was he?


 Number one genius of the demonic path, without a doubt!


 After establishing his dominance, Mo Wu Tian laughed sinisterly again: "Bao Tong’s Gu are still around, you guys can split up among yourselves, treat it as a compensation from me."


 As he said so, the Gu Masters’ eyes glowed.


 Li Xian was the first to react, with a swoosh, he moved like a rabbit, pouncing on Bao Tong’s corpse and taking his Gu.


 Almost at the same time, Hu Mei Er and Li Qiang reacted and started their plunder as well.


 The others could only watch, not daring to contest.


 The three split Bao Tong’s fortune among themselves, earning greatly as the grudge in them dissipated, turning into reverence for Mo Wu Tian.


 Mo Wu Tian could kill people with his gaze, that was not surprising, it was a sight-based killer move.


 This type of killer move directly competed souls against each other, the loser would have their souls scattered, not even given the chance to self-detonate their Gu.


 Mo Wu Tian was a soul path Gu Master, the strength of his soul was way above his peers, dealing with Bao Tong and the others was extremely easy.


 " Cough, cough ." Li Xian coughed, saying: "Since there are beast groups guarding, that area has to be where the central control hall is, the Gu Immortal’s fortune is most likely there But how do we get in with all these dogs?"


 He was wise like a ghost, as the person who obtained the most benefits out of Bao Tong’s body, he immediately expressed his support towards Mo Wu Tian.


 Speaking of the Gu Immortal treasure, Hu Mei Er and Li Qiang’s attention were brought back to this.


 Mo Wu Tian looked at this group of people, they were all injured and exhausted, together with some lingering fear, the morale was at an all-time low.


 He sighed: "Truly a motley crew. It seems I can only recruit more people to have the hopes of breaking in. Spread the news, regardless of righteous or demonic... just say that Tie Mu Bai and the others have entered the hall and obtained King Quan Inheritance, those Gu Masters are blocking us outside the hall and are trying to hoard the treasure."


 "This..." Hu Mei Er hesitated.


 Mo Wu Tian laughed coldly: "Time is running short, once the blessed land collapses, we will have nothing left. Without more people, can we break through?"


 "Young master is right." Hu Mei Er quickly replied.


 "Finally stopped." On the mountain slope, Bai Ning Bing breathed out a sigh of relief, but lightly frowned.


 The methods Fang Yuan handed to her were already half used up. After a few more attacks, she would be at her wits’ end.


 ...


 "Hahaha, my tactic at finding a chance in the chaos succeeded. After blowing up this wall, I will get King Bao, Wang Ba Dan’s inheritance!" Xiao Mang laughed loudly.


 Right now, he was alone in a hidden cave.


 Before him, there was a tall and sturdy stone door. As long as it is blown apart, King Bao’s final inheritance will be obtained.


 Bam! Bam! Bam!


 Light shone as explosions went off.


 A moment later, Xiao Mang stopped his attacks while panting, staring at the stone door hatefully.


 The door was intact, there was no traces of any cracks.


 "Light path focuses on speed and purification, the destructive power does not match fire path. King Bao evidently wants to find a fated person who can use fire type Gu to break through. But I do not have such Gu." Xiao Mang gritted his teeth, feeling indignant.


 At this moment, a Gu Master came to report.


 "Go out, who let you in! King Bao Inheritance is mine alone. Eh? What did you say!"


 Xiao Mang scolded but suddenly heard his subordinate’s report and grabbed his collar, lifting him up: "You say there is a Gu Immortal treasure hidden in the thick fog, and people are trying to take it down now?!"


 "Yes, this information has circulated, countless Gu Masters are gathering, how would I dare to lie to you second young master?" The subordinate quickly replied.


 "Hmph, don’t call me second young master! I hate that title!" Xiao Mang scolded, looking at this stone door reluctantly, as his gaze turned from hesitation to determination.


 Wang Ba Dan was only a rank five Gu Master, although he was called King Bao, he was only the same rank as Xiao Mang. How could his inheritance compare to a Gu Immortal Treasure?


 "Go, let’s go!" Xiao Mang led his subordinates and moved quickly.


 ...


 "The number of people is increasing." On the slope, Bai Ning Bing’s frown deepened as there were almost ten thousand people gathered outside the fog.


 These people had differing cultivation levels, there were even rank one and twos. But there were still Gu Masters, gathered together, they formed a tidal wave that could sweep everything in its path.


 Although she controlled a hundred thousand dogs, she was a sole person.


 Outside, countless gazes looked inside with a burning desire. They were all attracted by the Immortal’s treasure.


 As the people created a commotion, Mo Wu Tian smiled without speaking a word.


 His motive was achieved, birds die for food and humans die for fortune , this was human heart!


 "Over at the righteous path, they are organising people and charging into the fog." Hu Mei Er looked far away, worried: "Young master Wu Tian, all the demonic Gu Masters are here already, are you going to stand up and direct them to form groups? We can’t let the righteous path steal the treasure."


 "No worries, no worries. There is such a thick fog, with steel armor dogs acting as steel walls, what can their vanguards do?" Mo Wu Tian laughed coldly, refusing to act.


 Righteous path was superior to demonic path, they were more united,and more easy to unite, while demonic path members were loners. Although he Mo Wu Tian had rank five cultivation, he was still young and this was the first time he was leading, he could not subdue everyone. Old demonic experts like Kong Ri Tian and Li Fei Le would not listen to him easily.


 Only when they realize that cooperating had benefits, could he use that chance to take over easily!


 But now, in the hall, the Gu refinement had reached the crucial period.


 After half a day, the golden peanut shell collided with divine travel Gu.


 Bam bam bam!


 Fang Yuan and Feng Wu Yu’s vision turned black as thunder roared in their ears.


 "Divine opportunity is unlimited, travel through the lands! Activateeeeeeeeeee!" Fang Yuan screamed, using all his energy to activate divine travel Gu.


 Divine travel Gu was an Immortal Gu, how could he, a mortal, activate it easily?


 But thankfully, the land spirit helped him secretly, as the immortal essence poured out, the divine travel Gu turned into light speckles as it entered the golden peanut shell.


 The qualitative change had begun!



***
Chapter 393: Group Attack


***





 Chapter 393: Group Attack


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Xiao Mang looked at the fog in front of him, his gaze deep and solemn.


 He relied on his rank five cultivation to gain the commanding position of the righteous path. He organised many assaults, but returned in great failure, suffering a huge loss.


 In the fog, countless dogs were hidden, causing every wave of Gu Masters that entered suffer great injuries.


 "No matter how big the losses, it will not block my path! Immortal treasure, this is an immortal treasure..." Xiao Mang’s eyes shone with brilliance, shouting excitedly in his heart.


 "Let’s go again, organise the next wave of people." Xiao Mang instructed, but this time, little people joined in.


 The painful lesson was right in front of them, despite the great benefits, these righteous Gu Masters started to hesitate, after all they only had one life.


 "A bunch of cowards!" Xiao Mang saw them hesitate and scolded in his heart. Time was running short for him, other than this immortal treasure, he also had King Bao Inheritance to obtain.


 "If we had an enslavement path Gu Master controlling beast groups, we could use them as cannon fodder, reducing our Gu Master casualties, and regain our morale!" Xiao Mang thought of this point.


 In such a situation, the importance of an enslavement path Gu Master was evident.


 "Where is Wu clan’s Wu Shen Tong? With his help, we would be able to break through the fog and reach the central hall!" Xiao Mang asked.


 But the answer he got was disappointing.


 Wu Shen Tong had gone missing, even Wu clansmen were trying to find him.


 Xiao Mang looked at the demonic faction, and his heart shook: "Not only Wu Shen Tong, even the demonic path’s Wu Gui and Zhang San San are not around. Is the Gu Master controlling the dogs in the fog one of these three people?"


 Xiao Mang continued guessing as he looked towards the grand hall. However, the fog obstructed his vision, causing him to feel even more irritated at the situation.


 "This damn fog, it is so annoying! Too bad Wan Li Xiong Feng is not around, otherwise my clan’s divine wind will blow this fog away." Wan clan’s Gu Master exclaimed.


 "If my clan’s old clan leader is here, why would we fear these dogs?" Tie clan’s four old-timers snorted.


 "Lord Xiao Mang, we are not making any progress, the demonic faction is looking at us like a joke. What do we do?" The righteous path’s famous healer Tao Zi came over and asked Xiao Mang.


 "These demonic scoundrels!" Xiao Mang looked over at the demonic faction as the irritation in his heart intensified.


 "It seems I have to make a move." He snorted, as a brilliant light appeared in his eyes: "All of you, move back."


 Everyone heard this and retreated tens of steps away. At once, Xiao Mang’s surroundings were vacated, emphasizing his existence.


 Xiao Mang stood on the spot, shutting his eyes as his mind entered his aperture, activating his purple crystal primeval essence. The ebb and flow of the primeval sea became greater.


 After storing energy for a moment, Xiao Mang’s eyes opened, as his primeval sea has turned into a furious tsunami, large amounts of primeval essence entered three Gu worms.


 Extreme light Gu!


 My will Gu!


 Bright spear Gu!


 Killer move — My Glorious Spear!!


 Xiao Mang’s body shone with a piercing white light, the intensity of the light was dense, expanding like a mound.


 Xiao Mang’s body was bathed in light, he had an impressive appearance, like a descending holy spirit.


 He raised a finger towards the fog.


 Immediately, the light around him were manipulated, and shot out ferociously.


 All of the white sunlight shot out at the same time, forming a 1.8m long and 0.6m thick spear of light.


 Sixty percent of the purple crystal essence in his aperture were used up in this one attack.


 The spear of light was powerful, penetrating the fog and landed on the mound at breakneck speed.


 Bam!


 A fierce explosion occurred.


 The intense light caused everyone’s eyes to be shut tightly, as they took a step back subconsciously.


 Even Mo Wu Tian’s eyes were squinting into a thin line.


 The explosion caused the ground to rumble, as after the light, air current started to spread outwards.


 The air currents turned into a strong wind, blowing in all directions causing many people to lose their footing.


 Guh! Guh!


 In the hall, Fang Yuan and Feng Tian Yu who were refining Gu were interrupted and both vomited a mouthful of blood.


 Bai Ning Bing’s face was pale, her ears buzzing from the aftermath of the attack.


 "This is the strength of a rank five Gu master? Luckily, such a killer move did not hit me directly. If it landed here, my defensive Gu would not even last for a second!"


 Bai Ning Bing unavoidably felt great shock.


 The killer move of a rank five Gu Master, it was not something the current her could block.


 As the whiteness faded from her eyes, she could see that at the location where the light spear landed, thousands of dogs were vaporised. The mound had turned into a crater.


 Bai Ning Bing drew in a breath of cold air, with such might, just a few more hits and the dog formation would be ruined.


 Her confidence dropped again, but Fang Yuan had instructed her beforehand what she should do in the event she was hit with such a great move.


 As Bai Ning Bing manipulated, large numbers of dogs hurried to the crater, as her defenses were raised once again.


 " Gasp... so many dogs!" Xiao Mang’s heart was heavy, and the righteous and demonic Gu Masters gasped sharply too.


 When there was a fog earlier, they could not see clearly, but now that the fog was gone, everyone’s vision was clear.


 Over ninety thousand dogs, densely packed on the mound, forming an iron bucket defense.


 "Lightning symbol dog, chrysanthemum akita dog, hedgedog, steel armor dog, Yin dog..." Some people counted, each dog group had over five thousand and more.


 "So many dog kings!" Someone shouted.


 No matter how many dogs there were, they could not hide the dog kings due to their disposition. Other than the chrysanthemum akita dogs who were unique, these dog kings were all seated, like a flame in the darkness, extremely eye-catching.


 "These dogs and dog kings are not that much of a threat. But there are so many heavy tai, green hua, smoke song, light heng and star heng, these five great mountain dogs!" Some Gu Masters with good vision turned pale.


 The outer defense was made up of lighting symbol dogs, chrysanthemum akita dogs, and other ordinary dogs, the inner circle of defense was made up of the five great mountain dogs.


 As for the entrance of the hall, the final line of defense, there were several hundred hairy men.


 The entire formation was tight and secure, yet not rigid, they all had mobility and flexibility.


 "What an iron formation!" Mo Wu Tian’s purple eyes shone with light as he felt the situation getting more troublesome.


 Even more people directed their gaze to the bronze hall.


 The grand yet modest hall had inscriptions and intrinsic designs, giving off an ancient atmosphere.


 "That is the bronze hall that contains the immortal treasure?"


 "As long as we get past the dogs, we will reach the grand hall!"


 "Immortal treasure... immortal treasure... I wonder what mindblowing riches awaits us?"


 Everyone’s gaze were heated, the goal was in front of them, it made their greed overflow.


 "Hehehe, it is time." Mo Wu Tian looked around, sensing the change in the atmosphere.


 Greed was like fire burning in everyone’s hearts. But the great dog army deterred them, everyone knew that with their own strength, they would never succeed.


 This was the basis for cooperation!


 "Lord Xiao Mang, let’s talk about cooperation." Mo Wu Tian’s body was like a black smoke phantom, taking several steps and arriving before Xiao Mang.


 Xiao Mang snorted, when he saw the overwhelming dog army, he thought of cooperation.


 But he was afraid of getting rejected by Mo Wu Tian and also worried about his own reputation if he approached the demonic faction for cooperation as a righteous rank five cultivator.


 Right now, Mo Wu Tian approached him personally, it was music to his ears.


 "Hmph." Xiao Mang snorted, his attitude was neither cold nor hot, as he made eye contact with Mo Wu Tian.


 Mo Wu Tian immediately understood Xiao Mang’s intentions. He was extremely disdainful towards such hypocrisy, but he said: "Then in fifteen minutes, we will attack from the front and back together.


 "Mm." Xiao Mang nodded, turning around, no longer looking at him.


 Mo Wu Tian sneered, walking back and telling his people: "I just approached Xiao Mang and agitated him, to have a competition with him. Next, we will split into two, attacking together from two sides. We will compete to see who gets to the bronze hall first, whether the righteous faction or us demonic faction wins!"


 Xiao Mang announced at the other side: "Demonic scoundrels are greedy and unscrupulous, finding me to cooperate, obviously I rejected them. How can I work with these scum? Fifteen minutes later, they will attack, we will take the chance and attack as they endure some of the pressure for us. Hahaha..."


 "Young master Wu Tian rules!""Defeat these righteous hypocrites!" Demonic Gu Masters were riled up as they shouted.


 "Lord Xiao Mang is wise!""Let those demonic scoundrels attract the enemy for us!" The righteous Gu Masters were spirited.


 "Kill!" Fifteen minutes later, the attack began.


 Righteous and demonic were far away, attacking from two directions.


 Bai Ning Bing was hidden at some place, relying on her shared vision with the land spirit, using its divine consciousness to scan the battlefield.


 Tens of thousand of dogs barked and bared their paws as they charged ahead.


 At once, blood flowed and broken limbs flew. All sorts of Gu worms competed, like the dance of fire and ice, lightning exploded and soil was overturned, green vines grew endlessly.


 "Kill!" Yi Chong charged ahead, brave and fearless. His body was covered in blue fish scales, the wind blew his fiery red hair into the air.


 All around him, there was a light blue spiral wave, together with the black fins that grew on his back, he seemed to have become a fearsome shark in the sea. None of the dogs could block him.


 "Immortal treasure... if I can get it and succeed in my mission, I would definitely be able to change my surname to Shang when I return to the clan." Yi Huo’s gaze was determined as he turned into the god of fire, attacking even more fiercely than Yi Chong, everywhere he went, there was blazing flames and crying dogs.


 Kong Ri Tian laughed heartily, turning into a rain of petals.


 Li Xian laughed coldly, while people were not noticing, he used his rank five Gu and concealed his body, secretly moving ahead.


 "Let’s work together, with me healing there is no worry." Tao Zi shouted as many Gu Masters gathered over.


 People were moving and in this great battle, Yan Jun moved slowly and steadily, like a casual traveller.


 A strong and brave dog king pounced at him, Yan Hun’s expression was unchanging as he turned into a hollow shadow. The dog king jumped over and went straight through the shadow.


 The shadow flickered, turning back into Yan Jun’s flesh body.


 The dog king behind him had engaged the Gu Masters behind already.


 The Gu Masters displayed all their abilities, battling with the dog group. The scene was as chaotic as it could be, and Bai Ning Bing could barely cope facing such a huge number of opponents, starting to fluster.



***
Chapter 394: Success at long last!


***





 Chapter 394: Success at long last!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Kill!!!"


 "Charge!"


 "Damn, why are there so many dogs!!"


 Murderous yells, shouts, miserable howls, swearing and dog howls combined to form into a huge clamor that seemed to shake the world.


 The battle had not even begun for five minutes; blood had formed into a river and there were corpses everywhere.


 Bai Ning Bing hid at some secret place and used all her strength to mobile the dog groups. With the help of the land spirit, she was able to gradually stabilize the situation.


 Lightning symbol dog, chrysanthemum akita dog and other common dog beasts suffered the most casualties. Gu Masters had charged halfway through the dog beasts and ran into the formation of the five great mountain dogs, having great casualties.


 Heavy tai, green hua, smoke song, light heng and star heng; these five great dogs were very powerful and their circular formation was very reliable. They were like a huge dam that blocked these Gu Masters that were charging like a tide.


 At this stage, both righteous and demonic factions suffered heavy casualties.


 "Big brother, hold on!" Meng Tu grabbed Jiao Huang’s arm; Jiao Huang had suffered heavy injuries from where blood flowed out without stopping.


 Jiao Huang borrowed Meng Tu’s strength to barely move along with the majority.


 Right now, they could not retreat. They could not even stop to rest, if they left the troops, the dog beasts would submerge their tiny bodies.


 "Brother, we have made a huge loss this time. We accepted Shang clan’s assignment to get Fang Zheng’s head. To think we would encounter an immortal treasure, sigh, we gave in to our desire for material benefits and thus fell into such desperate straits." Jiao Huang heaved a sigh.


 These two were rank three peak stage Gu Masters, famous assassin group of demonic path. They had even succeeded in assassinating rank four Gu Master Xiao Fu Lu.


 They thought of joining Shang clan and thus were prepared to secretly handle Fang Yuan. But the whole way, they did not find any good opportunity.


 After charging into the blessed land, they encountered an immortal treasure, and followed with the majority; the result, they sent themselves into danger.


 In this chaotic battle, only rank five experts could move unhindered. Rank four peak stage could fight valiantly. Rank four upper stage had to move with the crowd.


 Those rank one and two Gu Masters made up the most of the casualties. Rank three Gu Masters also had to rely on luck to survive.


 But even so, Gu Masters still charged forward endlessly. The illusionary immortal treasure ignited their most crazed fanatical desires.


 They were charging recklessly, all delusional about obtaining the immortal treasure and attaining success in life, becoming an expert.


 Only for a certain group of people, at the time of their deaths, they calmed down and regretted endlessly.


 Unfortunately, it was too late.


 "These people have gone mad, forgetting their own life or death at the enticement of the immortal treasure." Tie Ruo Nan slowed down her footsteps, she was shocked by the state of the battlefield!


 Tie clan’s four old-timers were surrounding her in a protective formation.


 "The way I see it, this probably has to do with that Mo Wu Tian." The head of the Tie clan’s four old-timers suddenly said in a soft voice.


 "You are saying..." Tie Ruo Nan’s gaze flashed.


 Far away, Mo Wu Tian was moving forward in the lead, laughing crazily with his purple deep eyes flashing with dazzling light.


 He was a soul path Gu Master and had secretly used his Gu to make everyone more fanatical.


 "Demonic path members should all be put to death!" Tie Ruo Nan snorted, the killing intent in her heart surging up.


 "Young master, Mo Wu Tian is a rank five expert, he is not someone we will be able to fight easily. We need to deal with urgent matters first, our objective is not him." One of the Tie clan’s four old-timers persuaded.


 Tie Ruo Nan pursed her lips and heavily nodded her head, her gaze firm as iron: "Right, the most important matter right now is still little beast king Fang Zheng!"


 "Hahaha, I hadn’t thought the enslavement path Gu Master in the dark would only amount to this." Mo Wu Tian laughed wildly, the fierce wind blowing in the battlefield blew his black hair and his demonic flames danced rampantly.


 The united charge of righteous and demonic Gu Masters was going on much better than he expected.


 Bai Ning Bing was after all a newbie, earlier, she had Fang Yuan’s formations and instructions to follow. But the current situation had become more complex with a lot more new changes, it was a lot more than she could take and this in turn were flaws that were clear to Gu Masters at the level of Mo Wu Tian.


 Mo Wu Tian’s eyes flashed repeatedly with eerie light, at the same time as charging forward, he was doing multiple tasks. He constantly controlled his Gu to attack the dog beasts and also to influence people’s minds and create a fanatical atmosphere; at the same time, he was also using his Gu to scout the battlefield.


 Enslavement path Gu Masters always had powerful offense and could battle many opponents with just the strength of one person.


 But everything in this world was balanced. Enslavement path had a clear disadvantage, besides the huge consumption of resources they needed, their individual strength was weak and were easy to kill.


 Mo Wu Tian was searching for Bai Ning Bing’s position, as long as he killed Bai Ning Bing, the dog beast formation would fall apart and a large majority of them would even scatter without a fight.


 "Found you!" Mo Wu Tian’s gaze suddenly concentrated as he discovered the hiding place of Bai Ning Bing.


 "Hehehe, give me your life." He laughed and flung his sleeve, his figure turning into a ball of purple demonic fog.


 The demonic fog moved through the battlefield at an astonishing speed and in just a few breaths’ time was only a thousand steps away from Bai Ning Bing.


 "Not good!" Bai Ning Bing discovered the charging fog and her heart sank.


 Mo Wu Tian was a rank five Gu Master while Bai Ning Bing was only at rank four, by just this she would be hard pressed to fight him, let alone now when she was doing multiple tasks and controlling the dog beasts.


 "Fortunately, I also have my trump cards!" Bai Ning Bing was startled but not panicked as she willed, "Go bite him, Ba Huang."


 A hill sized enormous dog emperor heard the command and with one leap, flew over a hundred feet and smashed into Mo Wu Tian.


 Woof!


 Ba Huang barked loudly, its bark was like a bolt from the blue, suppressing the whole battlefield and turning it silent. Following the bark, the dog beasts flared up with high morale; the casualties among the Gu Masters became more intense.


 Dog emperor!


 Its physique was majestic with its whole body covered with yellow sleek fur. It had a head like that of a lion with thick mane around its neck that was dazzling like a sun.


 This was an emperor among the beasts and was not something that could be looked down upon. Once it used the wild Gu on it, it could contend against rank five Gu Masters!


 "Damn it." Mo Wu Tian cursed when he was stopped by Ba Huang.


 Bai Ning Bing let out a breath of relief, but right at this time, a dazzling silver light shot through the battlefield and appeared in front of her instantly.


 "Hehehe. Demonic path junior, take a good look at me." The silver light turned into a human figure, rank five righteous path expert Xiao Mang!


 "Ying Ming!" Bai Ning Bing withstood the pressure and commanded in her mind, sending out the second dog emperor.


 This second dog emperor was the size of a normal dog beast. There were gorgeous patterns on its snowy white skin like pink cherry blossoms.


 Withstanding Xiao Mang’s intense pressure, the wild Gu on the dog emperor activated and created clouds below Ying Ming’s feet, allowing it to fly.


 "Just a mere wild dog... eh, it is actually a dog emperor!" Xiao Mang scoffed but after few exchanges of lightning fast attacks and defending, he withdrew his contempt and fought cautiously.


 Bai Ning Bing’s expression was gloomy.


 Although the two rank five experts were blocked, this situation was only temporary.


 Humans were the spirit of all living beings; human’s wisdom was superior to beasts. Sooner or later, Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang would understand the dog emperors’ trump cards and then could make their moves with ease, even bypassing them to directly kill Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing looked around the battlefield, the other Gu Masters were still in the middle of the battlefield fighting and charging forward; they were temporarily of no threat.


 Bai Ning Bing let out a breath of relief and turned her gaze towards the bronze hall.


 "There is not much time..." Her blue eyes narrowed, letting out a clear and cold radiance.


 Inside the bronze hall, Fang Yuan took large mouthfuls of air, gasping heavily. Meanwhile, Feng Tian Yu was already lying on the ground, unconscious.


 Blood flowed out of Fang Yuan’s seven orifices, but he did not care; a pair of bright eyes stared at front.


 A Gu was letting out brilliant light as it floated it in the air.


 It did not have a concrete shape; occasionally, it was like a colorful cloud and occasionally it was like a whirlpool of light.


 "Success!" Fang Yuan was filled with joy, he had already succeeded in refining divine travel Gu.


 Now only one step remained and he could obtain second aperture Gu!


 "You succeeded, you really succeeded!" The land spirit appeared beside Fang Yuan. It was extremely weak but its eyes glowed with light, full of happiness at the success.


 "You are worthy of being a future Gu Immortal, you could really refine divine travel Gu, amazing! It was indeed a correct choice to entrust this task to you. Now, the most difficult step has passed; it is smooth sailing ahead! Next, you need to use third watch Gu and it will be a success without the least bit of difficulty."


 The land spirit heaved a long sigh, its sigh full of emotions.


 "Thousands of years of effort has finally succeeded today. The recipe indeed works, I am truly happy. But such a pity... that I can’t see the second aperture Gu in the end..."


 After it finished speaking, the land spirit Ba Gui’s body gradually turned fainter and fainter till it completely disappeared.


 It was dead.


 The immortal essence in the bronze cauldron was almost finished with only a thin trace remaining.


 The blessed land had already collapsed for the most part and was at the brink of extinction.


 The aged Ba Gui had been helping Fang Yuan in refining Gu and also helping Bai Ning Bing to guard; it finally could not endure such pressure and completely withered away.


 But compared to previous life where it had died a death of desperation under many Gu Masters’ attacks, it was much more blessed during this life and could even be said to have had a proper death.


 Ba Gui’s death meant the immortal essence could not be used anymore.


 However, Fang Yuan was not nervous.


 For the next final step, the immortal essence could be replaced with large amounts of primeval stones.


 Even if Ba Gui was alive, that trace of immortal essence in the bronze cauldron was required to support the operation of the blessed land and simply could not be used to refine Gu.


 "The difficulty of this Immortal Gu refinement exceeds Spring Autumn Cicada. Just now, that huge shock to the main hall almost caused all the efforts to be a waste, and in case the Gu refinement had failed, with just my mortal body, I will definitely die from the backlash without even having time to activate Spring Autumn Cicada."


 "Moreover, this most crucial step had an extreme demand on mind and a mortal simply cannot endure it. Fortunately, I chose to enslave Feng Tian Yu just to be safe, otherwise this step could never have been completed."


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan was already a Gu Immortal when he refined Spring Autumn Cicada. Now this time, he was refining Immortal Gu with the qualifications of a mortal and he should not have had any chance of success.


 However, first, the mysterious Gu Immortal had racked his brain and used up all his life to research and perfect this recipe.


 Second, the recipe used the Immortal Gu divine travel which greatly reduced the absurd difficulty.


 And finally, it was not done by Fang Yuan alone, he had the help of land spirit and also enslavement path grandmaster Feng Tian Yu.


 All these helped Fang Yuan to complete the most difficult and dangerous step.


 "Next I have to use third watch Gu, this is much more simple. Right, I wonder how the situation outside is." Fang Yuan calmed his mind and then started hearing the shouts and commotion outside the main hall.


 "Fang Yuan, be careful. Someone broke through the dog formation, a rank four Gu Master is coming towards you!" Right at this time, Bai Ning Bing’s warning arrived.


 "Hmm." Fang Yuan’s expression was heavy as he slowly stood up.



***
Chapter 395: Bai Ning Bing?


***





 Chapter 395: Bai Ning Bing?


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Currently, the land spirit was dead and Fang Yuan was unable to see the scene outside the hall. However, with his previous life memories, he could guess one or two things without looking at the situation.


 "There are only two rank five experts in the blessed land; Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian, they will be held back by the two dog emperors for some time. There are a lot of rank four Gu Masters, but at this time, there is only one who can charge to this place. That is the young clan leader of Yan clan, Yan Jun. He obtained the ancient phantom path inheritance and is specialized in hiding and attacking. It should not be a problem for him to charge through the dog beast formation."


 Fang Yuan pondered, it was the truth as well.


 Phantom path had once flourished in the ancient times; its concept was to be footloose and carefree, invincibility through dodging. As long as one could evade every attack, that was a form of ’invincibility’.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, phantom path Yan Jun had shown great brilliance at the battle of Yi Tian mountain, challenging the demonic path Gu Masters and causing them to suffer severe losses. That was until Mo Wu Tian showed up and beat him into retreating.


 "This blessed land doesn’t have strong defense! The central area is so important but there is only a bronze hall built there, although it can be used to store things, its defense is really thin; the whole thing is impressive looking but useless! If it was like the Hu Immortal blessed land with Dang Hun mountain as defense, it would simply be like a heavenly moat and even Gu Immortals would have a headache facing it. Even my own blessed land that had the structure of a blood sea was much better than this hall." Fang Yuan inwardly felt resentment. He walked over to Feng Tian Yu and kicked him awake.


 "Get up!" Fang Yuan said in a cold voice.


 Feng Tian Yu had worked hard and made great contributions, if it were not for him bearing most of the pressure, Fang Yuan might not have succeeded in refining to this stage.


 "Ugh, mas... master..." He woke up with bloodshot eyes, his hair was scraggy like weed and his face was pale-white; his body was swaying as he greeted Fang Yuan.


 "Go out of the main hall and block the rank four phantom path Gu Master. Even if you have to sacrifice your life." Fang Yuan ruthlessly commanded.


 "Yes, subordinate will do his best!" Feng Tian Yu bit his lips and walked out.


 His primeval essence was almost completely consumed and he did not have enough fighting strength left. Moreover, as a refinement path grandmaster, he was not specialized in intense battle. It was almost guaranteed that he would not return alive from this mission.


 However, the current Fang Yuan still needed to continue with the final step, he did not have any other force remaining, thus he could only send Feng Tian Yu.


 "Second aperture Gu is the top priority. Sacrificing a refinement path grandmaster for it is nothing much." Fang Yuan sat down in a cross-legged position and looked at the continuously changing gorgeous light in the air.


 At this step, second aperture Gu was already mostly completely and was interchanging between real and surreal, form and formless. It was unable to be moved and also could only exist for six hours.


 After six hours, if the refinement has still not been carried out, the light would disappear and all the previous effort would be wasted.


 "There is no turning back now, as long as I finish this final step, I will obtain second aperture Gu! It is just that..."


 Fang Yuan subconsciously stroked his abdomen with a grave expression.


 In the blessed land, time flew three times faster than the outside world; Spring Autumn Cicada was recovering extremely fast and bringing great pressure to the aperture.


 Even though Fang Yuan’s aperture was rank four upper stage, it could not endure this pressure and there were indications of tiny cracks on the aperture surface.


 Next, he would have to still use two third watch Gu, and with the effects overlaid, the time flow would be nine times faster.


 At that time, could his aperture endure the pressure?


 Fang Yuan was not someone who would recklessly take risks and had already meticulously planned before beginning the Gu refinement.


 He had a huge chance of winning this gamble. As long as he got the second aperture and promptly left the blessed land, he would be able to have few months of respite.


 He naturally had some backup plans at that time.


 "Third watch Gu, go." He calmed down his mind and gathered his concentration to begin the final step.


 Under the effect of third watch Gu, that light ball immediately started changing rapidly, the light rays were dazzling and gave off a mysterious aura that was hard to describe in words.


 "Divine travel Gu broadens the space and third watch Gu condenses the time. This is the using the laws of both space and time, this truly is the way of Gu passed down from the immemorial era..."


 Genuine knowledge comes from practice and Fang Yuan gained some comprehension from this.


 Time flew, the first third watch Gu’s effect was nearing its end. The light ball faintly solidified, giving off the shape of the final product.


 The shouts from outside the main hall became louder, but whether it were Mo Wu Tian, Xiao Mang, or Yan Jun and so on, no one had yet to charge inside.


 "Good, next it is the second third watch Gu..." Looking at the refinement finally about to succeed, even Fang Yuan started feeling excited.


 However, right at this time!


 Bai Ning Bing’s voice came: "Fang Yuan, be careful. Tie Ruo Nan has broken the defense line and is coming towards you!"


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed.


 At this moment, his whole attention was concentrated on the refinement and he could not pull out from it, how could he face the enemy? With Feng Tian Yu already being sent out, he did not have any defensive force.


 What to do?


 "Bai Ning Bing, what the hell are you doing! Are you still not going to come to guard me? I can’t move now, if I die, you will also die under the powers of poison vow Gu!" Fang Yuan transmitted his furious voice.


 He was extremely helpless and could only call Bai Ning Bing over.


 Without Bai Ning Bing to take control, the dog groups outside would definitely be a group of leaderless army and there would be huge chaos. And soon, the group of heroes could kill their way through.


 However, Fang Yuan could not care about it!


 Right now, he was like a fish on the chopping board, anyone could slaughter him with him not having even a bit of retaliation power. If someone did not protect him, he would be easily killed by Tie Ruo Nan.


 Fortunately, the Gu refinement was already at its final stage and now only the second third watch Gu had to be used.


 Fang Yuan only hoped for more time.


 As long as he made every second count and finished the refinement, with the many rank four and rank five movement Gu on him, he could break out of the siege and escape alive.


 As for Bai Ning Bing?


 Hehe, she is suitable to block the incoming enemies, her use would be maximised. As for what her ending would be, it was not something Fang Yuan could consider at the moment.


 Bam!


 The hall’s great door was pushed open violently.


 Tie Ruo Nan walked inside and saw the scene in the hall; she was first dazed before immediately reacting with both shock and happiness: "Little beast king, today is the day I shall take your head!"


 She went in for the kill before she even finished speaking. With a wave of her hand, countless golden needles flew out.


 "Bai Ning Bing!" The concentrated aura of death came pouncing on him and Fang Yuan could not help shouting again.


 Whoosh!


 Cold wind blew and ice started spreading, forming into an ice wall that blocked all the golden needles.


 Next moment, Bai Ning Bing also appeared at the entrance of the main hall.


 However, her state was clearly not good, she was covered in blood and injuries filled her body. The most severe injury was on her back, a cut that spread from her shoulder to her sacrum, it was so deep that even her bones could be seen.


 There were bits of green leaves sticking on her clothes, her silver hair was scorched, and her whole left arm was purple, she was clearly poisoned.


 "Quick, block her!" Fang Yuan shouted, "I only need a little time."


 "You still have the leisure to say such nonsense, just make the most of this time to refine the Gu!" Bai Ning Bing gritted her teeth and cursed before starting to fight Tie Ruo Nan.


 Tie Ruo Nan laughed coldly, her golden needles flew like lightning with extremely terrifying offensive power.


 Bai Ning Bing clenched her teeth, she had suffered heavy injuries and did not even have ten percent of her original strength; she soon fell into disadvantage.


 Several moves later, Bai Ning Bing’s injuries intensified; her ankle sprained and her body wavered, Tie Ruo Nan keenly grabbed this chance to move in for a fierce attack.


 Bai Ning Bing was again inflicted with heavy injuries and fell down to the ground.


 "I shall kill you first!" An imprint that was on Tie Ruo Nan’s forehead flashed and turned into solid, forming a golden flying dagger that shot out fiercely.


 Whoosh!


 The golden flying dagger cut through the air towards Bai Ning Bing’s neck, but it missed by just a hairline gap and pierced into the bronze tile.


 Bai Ning Bing rolled quickly and evaded the fatal attack, shouting: "How long do you still need?"


 Fang Yuan’s heart was thumping loudly as he gritted his teeth and shouted: "Just a little bit, hold on even if you die!!"


 "If I die, you won’t be able to live either..." Bai Ning Bing cursed but was interrupted by Tie Ruo Nan’s attack.


 Tie Ruo Nan’s offense came in wave after wave, Bai Ning Bing was sent into retreat bit by bit and could only make dodging his priority, struggling in between the thin line of life and death.


 Several more moves later, Bai Ning Bing gasped roughly: "I can’t continue! Fang Yuan, I am going to self-destruct!"


 "Your aptitude has already returned to a hundred percent?" Fang Yuan was startled.


 "What do you think!" Bai Ning Bing cursed.


 Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, Bai Ning Bing changing back into northern dark soul ice physique was a definite thing. But he had not expected it to be this quick!


 According to his calculation, despite the time flowing three times faster in the blessed land, it should have only have been after several more months.


 Fang Yuan was in a critical juncture of the refinement process and was unable to distract his mind to consider too much.


 The self-destruction of a ten extreme physique possessed extreme might and even rank five Gu Masters would have to take evasive actions.


 Once Bai Ning Bing self-destructed, there would be an extreme change in the whole battle situation.


 "Try to hold on, unless you can’t control it anymore, don’t..." Fang Yuan shouted. He was refining the Gu with his back facing the entrance and could not see the concrete situation of the fight between Tie Ruo Nan and Bai Ning Bing.


 The response he received, however, was Bai Ning Bing’s deep sigh —


 "It’s too late."


 The next moment, Fang Yuan felt the cold aura spread everywhere in the main hall and the temperature decreased rapidly.


 Crack...


 There were continuous sounds of ice forming.


 "What Gu is this?" Tie Ruo Nan’s cry of surprise also reached Fang Yuan’s ears.


 Fang Yuan turned his head with difficulty to look and saw the main hall already becoming a world of ice and snow. Bai Ning Bing was floating high up in the air, her whole body turning into ice crystal, similar to the situation when she had self-destructed back at Qing Mao mountain.


 The cold wind blustered and glaciers rose, crushing towards Tie Ruo Nan with vast and majestic force.


 Tie Ruo Nan had a fierce expression as she quickly retreated towards outside.


 However, the door of the main hall was already condensed into ice, she was like a turtle trapped in a jar and was surrounded by the icy layers.


 "Is this the legendary northern dark ice soul physique?" Tie Ruo Nan cried out in surprise. But it was already too late, she was sealed within the ice like an insect in an amber.


 The ice, however, did not stop spreading and was spreading towards Fang Yuan.


 "Bai Ning Bing? Bai Ning Bing!" Fang Yuan worriedly shouted, but there was no response from Bai Ning Bing.


 Her body had almost become one with ice and her whole face had started turning indistinct. Her crystal like eyes no longer shone and had thoroughly dimmed.


 "Damn it!" Fang Yuan’s brain was hurting from the anxiety, the ice had already reached his body, he could only use Yang Gu.


 Yang Gu flew out and landed on Bai Ning Bing’s body, immediately Yang aura and the icy coldness formed into a whirlpool of primeval essence; the scene back at Qing Mao mountain many years ago appeared once again!


 Ice stopped spreading but this distraction almost caused the Gu refinement to fail.


 Fang Yuan’s heart thumped loudly in shock and he immediately concentrated all his attention without being concerned about the situation behind him.


 Under his efforts and control, the light clouds finally condensed into second aperture Gu!


 "Immortal Gu! I finally succeeded!!" Right now, Fang Yuan’s heart was exploding with joy.


 All his efforts and all the risks he took had created a very satisfactory outcome!


 Pew!


 Right at this time, a sharp ice blade pierced through Fang Yuan’s heart, piercing from behind him and coming out of his chest.


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk to needle-size and he looked behind with difficulty —


 "Bai Ning Bing? You!"


 "Fang Yuan, to think there would be a day where you fall into a trap!" Tie Ruo Nan slowly walked over, her gaze filled with hatred.



***
Chapter 396: Bai Ning Bing!


***





 Chapter 396: Bai Ning Bing!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The bronze hall was deathly silent.


 Time seemed to have frozen as the atmosphere became very heavy.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on the ground with the rank six second aperture Gu floating in front of him.


 Immortal Gu refinement had succeeded, but Fang Yuan’s attention was not at this immortal Gu.


 He turned his head with difficulty and gazed at Bai Ning Bing, his eyes revealing his deep doubts.


 Bai Ning Bing who had already recovered his male body was holding an ice blade and was expressionlessly standing behind him.


 Tie Ruo Nan slowly walked over and fixed her gaze at Fang Yuan, her expression showing both grief and joy: "Fang Yuan, you had never in your wildest imagination, expect this day to occur right?"


 Fang Yuan seemed like he did not hear anything and kept on looking at Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing looked at Fang Yuan. With the recovery of his male body, his height had increased, he was wearing a snow white robe, his silver hair was floating in the air and his eyes shone with deep coldness.


 He was like a glacier, extremely cold.


 "You didn’t expect it, right? That you would finally be defeated by me." Bai Ning Bing indifferently smiled while looking at Fang Yuan, "Since my resurrection back on Qing Mao mountain, I had been pondering on how to recover my male body."


 "In the days spent with you, I was firmly controlled by you as a chess piece that could be moved at your will. You are not the strongest enemy in my life, but I have to admit that you are absolutely the most terrifying one."


 "Fang Yuan, you are someone with innate talent for scheming, and with your vicious methods, you are a very formidable person. But I, Bai Ning Bing, am also not an ordinary character, how could I become someone’s subordinate? Hmph! The more you controlled me and the more you exploited me, the more I thought of ways to escape, to make a comeback and counterattack!"


 "But the Yang Gu was with you and you could cause it to self-destruct with just a thought. Thus, I did not act recklessly but racked my brains to think of countermeasures until one day, I got a superb inspiration and thought of a way."


 "Actually, the scene of you voluntarily hand over the Gu had already happened once on Qing Mao mountain. Hehe, right, that is to repeat the scene back on Qing Mao mountain. The time of my self-destruction will be the time you use the Yang Gu."


 "With this as the start, I began to plot secretly." The corner of Bai Ning Bing’s lips slowly spread into a smile, "I would self-destruct, but it would naturally not be actual self-destruction since there was a chance you might not use Yang Gu. So, I chose..."


 "Ice crystal Gu." Fang Yuan’s expression was dim as water.


 Back at Shang clan city, Bai Ning Bing chose ice path. Among the ice path, there were three transformation type Gu; frost demon Gu, snow fairy Gu and ice crystal Gu. Wei Yang had strongly recommended Bai Ning Bing to choose snow fairy Gu.


 Snow fairy Gu was suitable for female Gu Masters while ice crystal Gu was suitable for males.


 Bai Ning Bing, however, chose ice crystal Gu as a female which had caused Wei Yang to feel great regret.


 "Hehe, you finally get it." Bai Ning Bing laughed, "That’s right, I originally chose ice crystal Gu not because I was peeved but because snow fairy Gu changed the body to a snow fairy with clear appearance that could not be hidden. However, if I turn into ice crystal and use ice explosion Gu with it, it could form a majestic scene that is extremely similar to the self-destruction of northern dark ice soul physique. You have seen it just now, didn’t it deceive you?"


 "Hmph, if I was not concentrating on refining Gu, I would definitely discover the peculiarity, how could you have succeeded so easily then?" Fang Yuan scoffed.


 Bai Ning Bing, however, nodded her head with a serious expression: "Right. You are very meticulous, observing everything to the finest details. When I thought of this method, I also felt it would be strange and there would be a great chance of failure. In fact, there was a change in circumstances that made me almost give up this plan."


 The change Bai Ning Bing spoke of was none other than poison vow Gu.


 " A great man knows when to yield and when not , my objective was to rely on the poison vow to accomplish my goal. So what if I would be used for some time?" Bai Ning Bing’s eyes turned vague as he recalled, "However, the developments after that made me realize that poison vow Gu was not reliable."


 "The poison vow between you and Shang Ya Zi, despite there being a very ingenious flaw, I felt that you were too confident. And I had also secretly investigated the contract with Bai clan, the rumors however were still leaked out, making me feel even more uncertain. One thing that I have learned about you is that you make the best preparations for everything, calculating even the worst outcomes. Thus, I could not help but consider this situation — what if you were not restricted by poison vow Gu, what would I do then?"


 "I knew that if that was the case, I had already gotten into a desperate situation. I was restricted by the poison vow while you were not, I would become your chess piece which you could use or kill with no way for me to retaliate. Just relying on my own power, I would never be able to escape this predicament, but there was one person who could help me at Shang clan city."


 "Speaking of this person, I still need to thank you for the introduction." Bai Ning Bing smiled mockingly.


 He thought of the first meeting with Doctor Su Shou.


 It was during the banquet organized by Shang Yan Fei. As thanks to Fang and Bai for escorting Shang Xin Ci to Shang clan city, Shang Yan Fei invited Doctor Su Shou to treat Fang Yuan’s disfigured face.


 And to make Bai Ning Bing give up, Fang Yuan intentionally asked her to go together.


 After Bai Ning Bing met Doctor Su Shou with her real appearance, Doctor Su Shou’s attitude immediately changed into extreme warmth and compassion.


 Doctor Su Shou was one of the four great doctors of Southern Border and had a peculiarity of being attracted to appearance. She was extremely fond of handsome men and beautiful women, as long as their appearance was extraordinary, she would give treatment for free. If the appearance was ugly, she would loathe them and would not treat them even if they gave more money.


 Bai Ning Bing asked her about the transformation of Yin and Yang, and with the reply he got, he was even more aware of how important the Yang Gu in Fang Yuan’s possession was.


 But at the same time, Bai Ning Bing also got to know Doctor Su Shou. Before leaving, Doctor Su Shou had made a serious promise that no matter what problems he faced, he could go find her.


 " Cough cough ." Fang Yuan coughed out a mouthful of blood, the ice blade had pierce through his heart, but with the help of healing Gu, he was able to hang on to life.


 However, the chilly aura of the ice blade was slowing down the speed of his blood flow, and the numbness the cold brought was spreading to his whole body.


 Right now, however, these injuries were minor details: "The person you are speaking, is it Doctor Su Shou?"


 "Hehehe, you are Fang Yuan indeed, you are right." Bai Ning Bing praised.


 "That b*tch!" Fang Yuan cursed but also had new doubts, "But didn’t you guys only meet once? Wait... there was also the second time!"


 Fang Yuan suddenly recalled something while talking.


 At Shang clan city, Bai Ning Bing and Doctor Su Shou had met for a second time!


 That time was when Bai Ning Bing lost to Yan Tu by just a little and suffered heavy injuries while also losing her vital Gu. She went to Doctor Su Shou’s place to receive treatment and to recuperate.


 "Don’t tell me?!" Fang Yuan seemed to have thought of something and his gaze immediately turned to Bai Ning Bing as if it was the first time he was seeing this cold and handsome young man.


 Bai Ning Bing smiled, his blue eyes shining eerily: "It seems you have guessed it. That’s right, I intentionally lost to Yan Tu. Losing a vital Gu is nothing, exchanging it for a chance to evade your suspicions, isn’t it a profitable transaction? At that time, I decided to gamble."


 Bai Ning Bing went to Doctor Su Shou’s place and relying just on his intuition, he decided to take a risk — he told the truth honestly to Doctor Su Shou.


 Doctor Su Shou sympathized with his experience and did her best to free him from Fang Yuan’s demonic claws.


 Bai Ning Bing asked her if there was a way to dispel poison vow.


 Doctor Su Shou replied that she could not dispel poison vow, but there was a way which could get rid of poison vow’s binding.


 She recalled from her memories: Once, when she was young and ignorant, she was deceived by her sect’s junior brother into using poison vow Gu to make an oath saying they would never abandon each other. Later, she used this method to get rid of the poison vow.


 Bai Ning Bing asked: "What is it?"


 Doctor Su Shou’s gaze turned grave and said —’To live, one must die.’


 Once the poison vow activated, it would cause the death of the vow maker. Doctor Su Shou was a healing Gu Master and her solution was to intentionally let the poison vow activate and cause the Gu Master’s death, the poison would be removed and then revive the Gu Master.


 "This method is a forceful removal. The absolute majority of healing Gu Masters cannot do it even if they thought of it. I am able to barely accomplish it because of the unique legacy from my teacher. But even so, this has a one-in-three chance of failure. If it fails, it will mean death. Think it through." Doctor Su Shou gave a final warning.


 Bai Ning Bing decided on the spot to use this method.


 With Doctor Su Shou’s help, he got rid of the poison vow fortunately.


 Without the poison vow’s binding, Bai Ning Bing got in touch with Tie clan and Tie Ruo Nan was able to learn the truth.


 The truth that person in front of her was Fang Yuan and not Fang Zheng.


 At the same time, she also understood the event that occured on Qing Mao mountain.


 To deal with Fang Yuan, Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan launched a secret cooperation.


 "We had used iron cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu around an area and planned to create the scene of the self-destruction. Unfortunately, you refused to rescue her. I could only gather a group and hurry to San Cha mountain to make new plans." Tie Ruo Nan spoke.


 The scene of Bai Ning Bing being trapped for so many days by Tie clan’s four old-timers looked like Tie clan’s reprisal because of Bai Ning Bing killing a Tie clan’s Gu Master in the inheritance, but in truth, it was all a scheme to deal with Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan fought one against seven and slaughtered Tie Ruo Nan’s group which caused Tie Mu Bai to take the stage.


 Tie Ruo Nan received Tie Mu Bai’s teachings, cultivating and patiently waiting for news from Bai Ning Bing. This was also the reason why she did not take the initiative to look for Fang Yuan although she had extreme hatred towards him.


 However, Fang Yuan made an impressive move that shook everybody; he took control of the whole situation after entering three kings inheritance.


 Tie Mu Bai’s death caused Bai Ning Bing to keep silent and conceal himself even deeper. Using Fang Yuan’s trust, he controlled the dog beasts.


 With the death of the land spirit, he was unable to suppress the situation anymore and the pressure on him increased. However at the same time, he felt his whole body relaxed as he was free from the land spirit’s surveillance.


 He was still not at ease though, thus he intentionally gave way for Yan Jun to probe Fang Yuan.


 Sure enough like he expected, Feng Tian Yu was sent out, this proved the land spirit had truly died.


 Bai Ning Bing was inwardly happy and again maneuvered the situation to make a way in for Tie Ruo Nan and Tie clan’s four old-timers.


 The reason Tie Ruo Nan came to the main hall by herself was also because of this.


 "Fang Yuan, I advise you to obediently surrender. Outside, my Tie clan’s enslavement path grandmaster Tie Bai Qi is controlling the dog beasts and obstructing the group of experts. Outside the main hall, there are Tie clan’s four old-timers who are using iron cabinet Gu and qi flow Gu to confine the space so that no one can infiltrate here. Surrendering is your only way out."


 Tie Ruo Nan walked over and held the second aperture Gu in her hand while pronouncing Fang Yuan’s fate.


 Fang Yuan was silent.



***
Chapter 397: The battle has just begun


***





 Chapter 397: The battle has just begun


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "There are truly are uncountable geniuses in this world..." After being solemn for a while, Fang Yuan raised his head and sighed.


 "Bai Ning Bing, what a Bai Ning Bing... hehehe, I underestimated you, and fell victim to your schemes. It was a beautiful victory, your plan was flawless, while I was careless and overconfident, only thinking about the Immortal Gu, allowing you to succeed, it was my mistake!"


 "I’m flattered. The reason I could plot against you was due to the perfect time, place and opportunity. If I were the one who had to refine an Immortal Gu while scheming against both the righteous and demonic factions, I would definitely have done worse than you." Bai Ning Bing answered seriously: "But now at this point, winner takes all and the loser loses everything, I hope you would stop your pointless struggle."


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan sneered: "The reason you have not killed me yet is because of the Immortal Gu, you want to know its effects and also the Immortal Gu recipe in my head."


 Now that the land spirit was dead, the blessed land was on the brink of destruction, there were loopholes everywhere and without the heavenly power to suppress them, Gu Masters could use their Gu freely.


 That is to say, Fang Yuan just had to think about it, and all his Gu would self-detonate, Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan had no way to stop him.


 "Tie Ruo Nan, Tie Mu Bai and the others died in my hands, you have to take this Immortal Gu back to redeem yourself, otherwise you will lose your young master position." Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly.


 Tie Ruo Nan was expressionless, answering frankly: "That’s right, Immortal Gu are unique, they are extremely important, when I bring it back it will be an unprecedented merit, I would receive the Tie clan Gu Immortals’ nurturing and reward. As for the recipe to refine Immortal Gu, right now only you know about it, if I can contribute it to the clan, I would immediately become Tie clan young clan leader."


 "When I ascend to the position of clan leader, I will be like Lord Tie Mu Bai, upholding justice and order. After all these things, I have learnt: To uphold justice, one needs to have great strength as well as a strong force! Only in this way can I repay Lord Tie Mu Bai’s teachings, and allow him to feel at peace in the afterlife."


 Saying so, Tie Ruo Nan thought about the Tie clansmen who died in Fang Yuan’s hands, her eyes turning red as she felt intense fury and hatred, and also the great satisfaction of getting her revenge.


 She breathed in deeply, staring sharply at Fang Yuan: "As for you, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, I will not kill you. You were able to refine an Immortal Gu using a mortal body, such refinement talent is truly spectacular. As long as you surrender, I will send you into the Tie clan Demon Suppression Tower to undergo reform. In the future, when you turn over a new leaf, and leave the tower, you will work for Tie clan, and contribute to the righteous path, repaying for your sins, this is the best outcome."


 "Demon Suppression Tower..." Fang Yuan squinted: "You make it sound really nice! Hehehe, you want the Immortal Gu? Sure, let’s make a transaction."


 Fang Yuan talked about the details of the transaction as he focused on the movements outside the hall.


 He was stalling for time.


 In this situation, it may seem like a dead end but he still had one final resort.


 Because of refining Gu, Fang Yuan’s mind is tired and he had little primeval essence left. His rank four all-out effort Gu was not refined yet, and many beast phantoms were used up in the Gu refinement process.


 He could not force it now, Fang Yuan was not in the best condition, while Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan came prepared. Furthermore, there are the four Tie clan old-timers outside as well as Tie Bai Qi who manipulates dog groups.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was indeed the best chance he had, but it carried an enormous risk, and carried the danger of dying. Unless he had no other options, Fang Yuan did not want to use it yet.


 "My true opportunity lies in the experts waiting outside the hall. With just the dog group and Tie clan’s four old-timers, they cannot block them all forever. As long as they fight their way in here, the situation would be completely overturned.


 Fate worked in mysterious ways, not long ago, Fang Yuan was using all his methods to block the experts outside, but now he could not wish more for them to fight their way into the hall.


 ...


 "This accursed Tie clan, the mastermind is them all along!"


 "TIe clan’s old clan leader Tie Mu Bai came personally, what attracted him? We should’ve guessed..."


 "Tie clan is a super clan, but don’t think of devouring this alone, the immortal treasure belongs to all of us!"


 In the intense battlefield, everyone was excited.


 Looking at the bronze hall, many Gu Masters’ eyes were burning with passion.


 The purple colored light barrier covered the entire bronze hall. Tie clan’s four old-timers were at all four directions, guarding it securely.


 As for Tie Bai Qi, he was standing at the door of the hall, looking down at all the Gu Masters as he manipulated the dog group.


 He was an old man, his head was full of white hair, and he had a third eye on his forehead, shining brightly. He was a rank five enslavement path Gu Master, a Tie clan elder, and was once Tie Mu Bai’s capable general. Under Tie Mu Bai’s orders, he came out of cultivation, coming to the faraway San Cha mountain.


 Right now, Tie Bai Qi was smiling as he looked at the battlefield.


 The dog group was under his command, unleashing several times the fighting strength they had compared to before. Tie Bai Qi did not mind the losses, blocking all the experts outside.


 "This old fool is really irritating." Mo Wu Tian’s hair was flying in the air as he breathed roughly.


 Before him, dog emperor Ba Huang was bathed in blood, in a condition worse than Mo Wu Tian. But soon, the healing Gu on it worked, and under the milky-white colored light, it began to heal rapidly.


 Mo Wu Tian tried to attack while there was a chance, but a group of green hua dogs charged in.


 "This again!" Mo Wu Tian gritted his teeth, forced to kill this group of reinforcements.


 While it had the chance, Ba Huang managed to heal most of its injuries and became revitalized again.


 Compared to the time Bai Ning Bing sent out the dog emperor and did not have the energy to control it, Tie Bai Qi had a much easier time. He manipulated the entire battlefield, and controlled the situation, showing the strength of the enslavement path fully.


 On the other hand, Xiao Mang was also receiving great attention from Tie Bai Qi.


 "This won’t do, the immortal treasure is going to be taken by Tie clan!" Xiao Mang was anxious and hateful, but dog emperor Ying Ming was blocking his path, not allowing him to pass through.


 "Bastard, you forced me!!" Xiao Mang growled, flying into the sky.


 The sky already had one huge hole, tens of kilometers in diameter, as the outside showed the sky of the main world, full of clouds and was a bright sunny day.


 Xiao Mang flew out of the hole, raising his hands.


 Rank four, gather light Gu.


 Large amounts of sunlight gathered on his palms, the light turned into a ball, flawless and huge; Xiao Mang was like an ant carrying a huge rice bowl.


 Rank five, extreme light Gu.


 The glorious light of the immemorial era, gathered into the ball, and caused a qualitative change, as the entire ball was infected with the glory of the immemorial times!


 Rank five, river under the sun Gu.


 The light ball exploded, turning into an overwhelming water of light, each drop was like a fragment of the sun, extremely bright and dazzling.


 Killer move — Torrential Light Stream! 1


 The river of light rolled and crashed as it poured down on the blessed land from the hole.


 The light was blinding, and the waves were fierce, it turned the entire battlefield white, and everyone closed their eyes, unable to resist such a strong light.


 "Oh no!" Tie Bai Qi tried to stop it, but the light river’s formation was already complete, he could only reduce its impact by a little.


 The grand light river was like a waterfall, crashing on the purple barrier.


 The barrier only lasted for a moment before shattering, as the four old-timers who sustained the barrier spurted out mouthfuls of blood, gravely injured.


 The light river broke the barrier and was weakened, but it continued on its way into the bronze hall.


 The hall was immediately broken through, and the waterfall swept towards Fang, Bai, and Tie.


 Bai Ning Bing and Tie Ruo Nan’s pupils shrunk as they subconsciously tried to dodge.


 Fang Yuan who was waiting for an opportunity, immediately reacted and activated his primeval essence.


 Warp Gu!


 He activated this rank five movement Gu.


 This Gu was something he got from killing Chou Jiu the killer ghost doctor.


 With a swoosh, Fang Yuan vanished on the spot.


 The light river crashed on the floor, creating a huge hole that was about two meters deep.


 Tie and Bai dodged in time, standing at the edge of the huge hole, extremely calm.


 "He escaped indeed, hehehe. It seems he used warp Gu. I think this Gu came from killer ghost doctor." Tie Ruo Nan analyzed.


 "We’re letting him escape?" Bai Ning Bing looked at Tie Ruo Nan.


 "You forgot about fixed star Gu? Don’t worry, even if he escapes to the end of the world, Tie clan’s four old-timers would be able to arrest him. Let me roam around for now and expend his primeval essence and energy. It saves us some trouble." Tie Ruo Nan smiled lightly, her tone showing a confident attitude towards grasping the situation.


 After so many trials and difficulties, she had grown up a lot.


 Guh!


 Intense pain assaulted him as Fang Yuan vomited a mouthful of blood, feeling extremely dizzy. A sense of disgust almost caused him to fall face flat on the ground, feeling like his intestines were all jumbled up.


 Warp Gu was a space path Gu, tearing through space and transporting the Gu Master’s body. The strong effect carried an equally intense backlash.


 Gu Masters who constantly use warp Gu would have their tendons entangled, their blood would flow backwards, and their joints would be dislocated. On the outside, the Gu Master would get uglier and uglier, no matter how nice he looked originally, he would turn hideous.


 To use the warp Gu, one had to use other Gu worms to modify his own body. But to Fang Yuan, he no longer cared.


 "Second aperture Gu will be kept safe by you guys for now. I will return this hatred a million fold in the future!" Fang Yuan quickly assessed his surroundings, realizing that although he was out of the hall, he was still a distance from the bronze hall.


 Large numbers of dogs came attacking, and he quickly chose to retreat.


 Although second aperture Gu was in Tie Ruo Nan’s hands, the control was still in Fang Yuan’s hands. He refined the second aperture Gu single-handedly, now with just a thought, this Gu would self-detonate.


 Of course, unless left without a choice, Fang Yuan would not do something so stupid.


 "This battle has just begun. Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan, just you wait. Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly.


 To use second aperture Gu, immortal essence was needed, otherwise, an insane amount of primeval stones were needed to replace it.


 To Fang Yuan, he could not keep this Gu into his aperture.


 Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure was high enough, if he placed another Immortal Gu in, Fang Yuan’s aperture would explode.


 If an Immortal Gu was outside the aperture, its aura would leak, and everyone would notice. If Fang Yuan took the Immortal Gu and ran, he would become everyone’s target, immediately being chased down by two rank five, more than ten rank four, and countless rank three and two Gu masters.


 "Tie Ruo Nan has the Immortal Gu, she is definitely everyone’s attack target. Hehe, I’ll let you guys compete while I watch on the sidelines, becoming the final winner in the end!" Fang Yuan was resolved to retreat and recover his battle strength, before finding an opportunity to strike.


 But heaven did not side with him, as quickly, many Gu Masters found out his movements and screamed.


 "Who is it?"


 "Little beast king, it seems he came out of the bronze hall!"


 "Quick, quick, quick, block him! He must’ve gotten a portion of the treasure."


 The voices attracted people’s attention, as Fang Yuan’s surrounding Gu Masters quickly turned around and attacked him.


 But the first who attacked were a small group of heavy tai dogs.


 Not only was Fang Yuan obstructed by righteous and demonic Gu Masters, he was also specially "taken care of" by Tie Bai Qi.



***
Chapter 398: So close to success, yet it was all for naught


***





 Chapter 398: So close to success, yet it was all for naught


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "God damn it!" Fang Yuan cursed, waving his hand and summoning a golden dragon.


 Golden dragon roared as it turned these heavy tai dogs into meat paste, paving a way for him to move.


 "Little beast king, where do you think you’re going? Hand over the immortal treasure!" Yi Chong rushed towards Fang Yuan, as the waves came crashing.


 Bone wings Gu!


 Fang Yuan flapped his wings, avoiding the huge waves and flying into the sky.


 "Little beast king, just stay here." Yi Huo waved his hand and fire birds flew out towards Fang Yuan.


 Golden aurora Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s body was covered in a golden light as his speed increased, retreating quickly and leaving the fire birds behind.


 "Oh?" This huge change attracted Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang’s attention.


 Xiao Mang shot out a giant hand of light, like a huge elephant, flying swiftly towards Fang Yuan trying to capture him.


 Fang Yuan turned at a sharp angle, narrowly avoid it.


 But at this moment, there was a gentle sound near his ears.


 This sound was like a lover’s whisper beside one’s ear, or like the voice of one’s loved ones, causing an unknowing person to feel deeply emotional and unable to focus.


 "Mo Wu Tian’s gentle feelings Gu!" Fang Yuan quickly broke free of it after his shock, but his movement was slowed because of this, causing the giant light hand to catch up.


 "Oh no!" It was too late to dodge, Fang Yuan could only use his Gu worms to fight back, using offense as defense.


 Bam!


 The sound of a loud explosion, and the light hand was dispersed, while Fang Yuan flew in the air like a kite with its strings cut, landing towards the ground.


 The sound of the wind near his ears woke the unconscious Fang Yuan.


 Sensing that he was falling, he quickly activated his Gu worm while shouting: "Tie Ruo Nan obtained a peerless Immortal Gu, she is refining it now!"


 Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang’s attention were instantly diverted.


 Immortal Gu!


 Everyone went into a commotion as their enthusiasm surged, causing Tie Bai Qi’s pressure to intensify.


 Fang Yuan caught his breath and quickly used Wu Gui’s movement Gu. Large numbers of dark clouds appeared as he hid within, making his escape.


 But at this moment...


 Swish swish swish swish!


 In the air, four chains extended out of nowhere, swift as lightning and flexible like snakes, tying Fang Yuan’s four limbs.


 Next, the chains tightened and coiled, spreading until Fang Yuan was tied up tightly, dragged into the void.


 The next moment, Fang Yuan reappeared in the bronze hall.


 Tie clan’s four old-timers were at the north, south, east, and west respectively, standing around him.


 The were half kneeling on the ground, their right palms facing forward while their left hand gripped their right hand, activating their Gu worms together. On each of their right palms, a black steel chain was extending out.


 Tie clan’s four old-timers’ killer move — Infinite Search and Lock!


 ...


 At this moment, in central continent, Tian Ti mountain.


 In Hu Immortal blessed land, on top of Hun Dang mountain, a competition that decided the blessed land’s owner was at its final moments.


 "Fang Zheng, hang in there, victory is within reach!" Lord Sky Crane’s voice came from within Fang Zheng. Compared to the start, he sounded extremely tired and weak.


 "Yes, just one opponent left..." Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, his body full of sweat as it swayed, hanging on with just his determination.


 "I, the great Xiao Qi Xing, was surpassed by a nobody?" Xiao Qi Xing’s eyes were staring wide as he looked at Fang Zheng climb, at a height beyond him.


 "Sigh, to think that it would end up like this." Ying Sheng Ji sighed, letting go and falling down the mountain.


 He was furthest from the peak, seeing Fang Zheng’s performance, he knew he had no chance of winning, thus giving up immediately.


 Hu Immortal land spirit would not let him die of course, with a snap of her finger, Ying Sheng Ji was transported out of the blessed land.


 Climb, continue to climb.


 The skin on Fang Zheng’s arms and legs were torn, as blood flowed down.


 The closer he was to the peak, the greater the vibration shocks on the soul. Fang Zheng was almost unable to think of anything, there was only the mountain peak left in his mind, as his entire potential was squeezed out, he was extremely tired, and this had greatly exceeded the limits of his body.


 "This lad..." Feng Jin Huang was moved.


 Fang Zheng was obviously exhausted beyond belief, yet he seemed to have some sort of limitless energy sustaining him.


 "Mountain peak, mountain peak..." Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, with only one thought in his mind.


 He climbed step by step, surpassing Feng Jin Huang and taking the lead!


 At this moment, he was only less than a meter from the mountain peak.


 Even the cute and tiny land spirit was standing at the edge of the cliff, looking down and watching the birth of her new owner.


 Outside the blessed land, some Gu Masters who were watching started to sigh.


 "Congrats to you He Feng Yang, this time your Immortal Crane Sect performed the best."


 "Hmph, if my rank six exquisite warp Gu was still around..."


 "Or maybe star shuttle Gu, fixed immortal travel Gu, or one’s own movement Gu, the results would be different."


 The Gu Immortals had differing attitudes, some were congratulating while others were sighing in pity.


 "We were lucky, just lucky!" He Feng Yang was modest but his tone could not conceal his joy.


 But at this moment, a Gu Immortal sneered: "He Feng Yang, you are going to be disappointed. This Hu Immortal Inheritance belongs to us Spirit Affinity House."


 As the immortal spoke, a change occurred in the blessed land!


 Feng Jin Huang shouted, and a beautiful pair of wings grew from her shoulders.


 This pair of wings was extremely elegant and beautiful, all sorts of lights shone on it, it was dazzling and alluring, with just one flap, Feng Jin Huang ascended easily.


 "What?"


 "This is..."


 "The legendary Immortal Gu — Dream Wings!"


 Dream wings was a special Immortal Gu, it did not exist in the real world, but only appeared in dreams. Activating it did not require immortal essence, but the Gu Master’s spirit and soul instead.


 Feng Jin Huang was only a mortal, activating the dream wings forcefully would cause severe damage to her soul, amnesia at best, becoming mentally retarded at worst.


 But the proud her had never suffered defeat since her birth. She could not allow Fang Zheng to be the sole winner right before her eyes.


 "Even if I have to pay the heaviest price, I have to attain victory!" Under Fang Zheng’s shocked expression, Feng Jin Huang flew up quickly, easily surpassing him and claiming the lead once again.


 The dream wings were folded back as Feng Jin Huang stood at the side of the cliff, breathing heavily, she felt a strong dizziness from the depths of her soul, almost causing her to faint.


 She reached her limits.


 Forcefully activating an Immortal Gu, it was not easy for Feng Jin Huang to reach this step.


 "I actually lost!" Fang Zheng stared with wide opened eyes, dejected and upset.


 At this moment, Feng Jin Huang was so close to the peak, in fact, her arms were already at the edge of the peak, she was one step away!


 "I, I am about... to win!"


 At this moment, Feng Jin Huang forced herself to raise her head, using the last bit of strength she had.


 Her eyes were glowing like amber, her beautiful appearance and her snow-white long neck, was shining like jade in the blessed land’s pink light.


 She was like a young phoenix, expanding its wings for the first time.


 Brilliant and glorious!


 At once, even Gu Immortals were dazed.


 She bit her lips, placing her arms at the edge of the cliff. Next, she used her remaining strength to drag her body up as well.


 At the end, she rolled onto the mountain peak.


 She succeeded!


 The sole winner of this competition, the new owner of the Hu Immortal blessed land!


 ...


 Southern border, San Cha mountain, bronze hall.


 Fang Yuan was tied up by the chains.


 "Hehehe, Fang Yuan, we meet again." Tie Ruo Nan stood before Fang Yuan, laughed heartily.


 Bai Ning Bing sighed: "It is no use, Fang Yuan, I secretly planted the fixed star Gu in your left arm. With this Gu to locate you, the infinite search and lock can catch you no matter where you go, even if you escape to the edge of the world, we can still bring you back. You have lost, admit it."


 "What?" Fang Yuan lowered his head, seeing that there was a Gu on his left arm.


 This Gu was a star fragment of the immemorial era, it was eight-sided and crystal clear, giving off starlight at times, causing Fang Yuan’s forearm to shine with a transparent eerie blue light.


 "Bai Ning Bing!" Fang Yuan howled, struggling frantically, causing the chains to make a loud clank sound.


 In his past life, Tie clan’s four old-timers used this killer move to capture Kong Ri Tian, to think that in this life, the same move would be used on him.


 Before, when Bai Ning Bing was trapped by the four old-timers, Fang Yuan did not help her immediately, he was wary of this infinite search and lock.


 Once he was locked on by this Gu, no matter where Fang Yuan escaped, the chains would extend from the void to capture him. But without the fixed star Gu, infinite search and lock would be like a headless chicken, not a threat at all.


 "This fixed star Gu was given to me by the four old-timers personally, and I even spent a long time training to use it. Do you know when I planted it? Hehehe, it was when you injected yellow gold primeval essence to nurture my aperture. You had absolutely no idea huh?" Bai Ning Bing’s eyes were shining with cold mockery.


 This move was truly nailing the problem at its roots, crushing Fang Yuan’s hopes of a reversal!


 "Fixed star Gu... good, Bai Ning Bing, you are too good!" Fang Yuan stared at Bai Ning Bing, gritting his teeth.


 Tie Ruo Nan continued to urge: "Fang Yuan, you have been locked on by infinite search and lock, you Gu worms have already been sealed and you cannot even use your primeval essence. You have no hope left, of course you can still will your Gu worms to self-detonate, but I would advise you not to do that. You are a smart person, you should know which option benefits you the most right?"


 Fang Yuan lowered his head, silent.


 Earlier, he had activated his Gu worms furiously, but infinite search and lock was famous for a reason, it was both a space path and seal path killer move. Even the rank five warp Gu was sealed, unable to be used.


 "It has ended, Fang Yuan. Demon Suppression Tower is your final resting place. You will spend the rest of your life there." Bai Ning Bing sighed, seeing his mortal enemy captured, he felt extremely complicated, feeling both joy and sorrow.


 "Throughout these years, thank you for the excitement you have brought to my life. Because of your existence, it lightened up this lonely life of mine, and I became less lonely and bored. Next, I will have an even more exciting life, and you should be honored that you have been a part of it." Saying so, Bai Ning Bing paid respects to Fang Yuan in an earnest and sincere expression.



***
Chapter 399: Spring Autumn Cicada


***





 Chapter 399: Spring Autumn Cicada


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan raised his head, looking at the sky beyond the bronze hall.


 There was a huge hole in the blessed land’s sky, connecting to the outside world. From Fang Yuan’s angle, he could see the sun of southern border.


 The sun was setting, it was near dusk.


 "5:45pm, at this time, Feng Jin Huang should’ve just inherited Hu Immortal blessed land?" Fang Yuan thought.


 In his previous life, he worked with demonic Gu Immortals, attacking Hu Immortal blessed land and taking over Dang Hun mountain. In the end he paid a huge price, killing Feng Jin Huang and narrowly surviving.


 After Feng Jin Huang died, the righteous path grieved, writing the "Biography of Feng Jin Huang". The biography listed all the things she achieved in life, and Feng Jin Huang had three great opportunities in life.


 Her first encounter, was when she was three years old, when she was sleeping, she obtained the Immortal Gu dream wings in her dreams.


 The second opportunity was Hu Immortal blessed land, on this day, at 5:30pm, she successfully ascended the mountain.


 "Feng Jin Huang has the Immortal Gu dream wings, the Hu Immortal Inheritance is definitely hers to take. To not give her such a huge lead, I need the second aperture Gu. Unfortunately, my efforts were in vain!"


 He sighed in his heart, but his dazed expression suddenly became resolute again.


 He had a chance to reverse the situation, he had not lost yet!


 That is because, he had Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Infinite search and lock could seal rank five Gu, but it could not restrict rank six Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan raised his head, taking a final look at Bai Ning Bing and the others. There was nothing to say, this time, there was hope if he succeeded, and nothing to say if he failed.


 "How can he be so calm?" Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan and the others felt something amiss.


 Bam!


 Fang Yuan self-detonated!


 At that moment, Spring Autumn Cicada burst out in two lights, green and orange, as a mystical and profound aura spread out.


 All of Fang Yuan’s Gu worms, all his primeval essence, all his flesh and soul, all detonated.


 Every use of the Spring Autumn Cicada was a great gamble.


 Fang Yuan was at a dead end, he bet on everything he had!


 After self-detonating, all the energy was injected into the Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Spring Autumn Cicada turned into a brilliant dot, carrying Fang Yuan’s remaining will and tore through space, entering the most famous forbidden ground in this world — the river of time.


 The Gu world had southern border, northern plains, western desert, eastern seas, and central continent. There was also one river of time, connecting past, present, and future, that was time itself.


 Space and time were the basis that constructed the world.


 Swish swish swish...


 The river water in the river of time ebbed and flowed, crashing like waves.


 Every drop of the water of time was pale white, but over a gazillion droplets of water crashed, intertwined, collided, and spun each time, giving off a brilliant light show.


 In this desolate and plentiful river water, Spring Autumn Cicada was like a roaming traveller returning home, its wings flapped as it carried Fang Yuan’s consciousness and moved against the flow.


 To Fang Yuan, this was the third time he used Spring Autumn Cicada.


 The first time, he entered the river of time without any experience. The second time, he was forced to self-detonate, there was too little time.


 This time, he was mentally prepared, and finally experienced the feeling of going against the tides.


 This feeling was so mystical and incredible. Countless light shadows, like a movie playing in reverse, appeared in his consciousness.


 It felt like a second passed, but it also felt like years had passed.


 The dangerous waves came crashing each time, Spring Autumn Cicada quickly lost its stamina, and the energy from self-detonating was expended, it struggled and jumped into one of the droplets, vanishing.


 Fang Yuan blinked, and the image before him had changed!


 "Hold on, hold on, all can be negotiated. I can promise to tell you the true path, but you must ensure my safety. I have a poison vow Gu..."


 Fang Yuan heard a familiar voice begging for his life, he looked down and saw Wang Xiao.


 He was stunned, as his heart pounded, his expression changed as he revealed an unconcealed joy.


 "Hahaha, I succeeded, I succeeded again, I won the bet, I managed to rebirth!" Fang Yuan spread his arms, laughing loudly.


 Wang Xiao: "..."


 Fang Yuan’s sudden performance caused him to feel shocked and suspicious.


 "What rebirth? What succeeded? Is this guy mentally unsound? But honestly, there are lots of crazy demonic path Gu Masters. Damn it, I encountered such a maniac!"


 Being stepped on by Fang Yuan, Wang Xiao who was lying on the ground thought about this and begged even louder.


 "Hahaha..." Fang Yuan’s laughter continued, this feeling of escaping from a hopeless scenario and restarting once again was simply too good, he felt great!


 He first inspected his aperture.


 In the aperture, his vital Gu Spring Autumn Cicada was extremely weak once again, its lustrous body had turned into wilting autumn leaves.


 Fang Yuan willed, and Spring Autumn Cicada hid its body, entering a deep sleep, regaining its strength through the river of time.


 "This way, the threat Spring Autumn Cicada has been alleviated!" Fang Yuan laughed even louder, his eyes shining brightly.


 He looked around again.


 This was evidently still the blessed land, he was stepping on Wang Xiao, and there was a corpse beside him, it was Yun clan’s young clan leader Yun Luo Tian.


 He was killed by Bai Ning Bing, and his corpse was sent over by expending immortal essence.


 Thinking of Bai Ning Bing, Fang Yuan’s laughter stopped, unable to laugh anymore.


 It was this guy, planning for so long and finally betrayed him, causing Fang Yuan to fail even though he succeeded in refining second aperture Gu, falling into deep despair. If not for Spring Autumn Cicada and his good luck, Fang Yuan would’ve completely lost. Regardless of death or captivity in Demon Suppression Tower, he would have no opportunities left in life.


 Demonic path was like this, it was like walking on tightrope, one step was all it takes for destruction. Falling into the abyss, with no hopes of ever getting back up.


 "I was simply too careless, thinking about Feng Jin Huang and wanting to refine an Immortal Gu, I ignored the true demon that was hiding near me! But this Bai Ning Bing’s acting was also convincing, planning for so many years, working so hard to numb my senses, and then giving me the final blow. Heh, I am still a mortal, I am not an invincible god." Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s mouth was bitter.


 Fang Yuan was improving and growing ferociously, Bai Ning Bing was the same.


 This was the harshness of reality, and also the beauty of fate.


 In this world, everyone was a main character, but everyone was also a side character.


 "Everyone has their own advantages, Bai Ning Bing has the Northern Dark Ice Soul physique, Tie Ruo Nan has her Tie clan background, Feng Jin Huang gained an Immortal Gu in her dreams when she was three years old. As for me, I struggled for hundreds of years, cultivating bitterly until I refined the Spring Autumn Cicada."


 Fang Yuan thought about this, and his emotions surged again, he smiled brilliantly and recited: "


 Viewing thousands of mountains in deep crimson


 Layers of trees dyed red


 On the limpid blue water


 Hundreds of barges race against currents


 Hawks spread their wings in the vast sky


 Fish swim freely under deep water


 All living things vie for freedom under the autumn sky


 Pondering over the immensity of the universe


 I ask this boundless and misty earth


 Who rules the fate of this world?"


 If heavens had emotions it would grow old, the Great Dao is emotionless and impartial. Every living being has the chance to rise up, it depends on how one uses their opportunities, and how one fights!


 In this world, no one is born to be a side character. And there is no one who is an eternal main character.


 Living beings compete, the weak are eliminated.


 Precisely because of the heroes competing in this world, facing off with their respective strengths and trump cards, can history be so immense and interesting, making the world such a mystical place.


 Thinking so, the bitterness, hatred, shock, grieve and joy vanished in Fang Yuan like a trace of smoke.


 His heart was clear, his demonic resolution shone deeply in his eyes.


 He started to think calmly.


 "So I rebirthed at this time. According to my previous life’s development, I grilled Wang Xiao regarding the path towards Wu mountain, but he did not tell me even after dying. I had no choice and had to kill him, using the beast strength placenta Gu to devour his and Yun Luo Tian’s apertures."


 Fang Yuan was solemn, his expression like ice, as he recalled in his mind what was about to happen.


 "Next, I spent a lot of effort, exposing the Spring Autumn Cicada to convince the land spirit. Next, I killed killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu, Wu Shen Tong, and Zhang San San. I unexpectantly obtained a slavery Gu from Zhang San San, and was about to continue killing people when an accident occurred. I had no choice but to interfere and kill Long Qing Tian, but because of the jade sky Gu poison, I had no gains."


 "Next, I refined Gu, defended the hall, and got betrayed by Bai Ning Bing..."


 Fang Yuan’s mind worked like lightning, almost instantly recalling the previous life as his eyes squinted into a line, subconsciously clenching his fists tightly.


 "The situation is really perilous!" With his rebirth, Fang Yuan looked at the situation clear as day, his previous life’s carelessness became this life’s alertness.


 Firstly, Bai Ning Bing already knows about the details regarding the refinement of the Immortal Gu.


 She had secretly cooperated with Tie Ruo Nan, Tie clan had to be prepared long ago, that Tie Bai Qi might have already hidden himself in San Cha mountain, ready to strike at any moment.


 The enemy is hidden while I am exposed, this is not good!


 Next, during the last few days of refinement, Xiao Mang would arrive here. The unexpected Mo Wu Tian would also join in with his new rank five cultivation.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan killed several demonic heads causing the demonic faction to have no leader. Mo Wu Tian’s arrival easily overturned that as he gathered the demonic path’s strength using his rank five cultivation. It could be said that because of him, it hastened the outside experts’ attack on the hall.


 The enemy is strong while I am weak, that is even worse!!


 Lastly, the most severe point...


 Fang Yuan raised his left arm.


 In his previous life, he was kept in the dark, but now he knew: Bai Ning Bing had secretly planted the fixed star Gu on him, on this forearm. Once the Tie clan’s four old-timers used the infinite search and lock, he would have no way to escape, captured even if he ran to the edge of the world.


 "Now that I think about it, Tie clan did not move earlier because first, I killed Tie Mu Bai, and that situation greatly exceeded their expectations. Secondly, they want to reap the benefits from others’ conflict, attaining the fruits of victory without loss. Thirdly, they are extremely vigilant. Although infinite search and lock can restrict rank five Gu worms, it could be resisted in other ways. What if they arrested me but did not find the Yang Gu? Thus because of this, they kept it as a final trump card."


 Fixed star Gu was secretly planted, Fang Yuan was now like a fish in the net, he could not escape. It was almost a hopeless situation.


 (Author’s note: This book is the realization of my dream these six years. Thus it contained many things, and is different from other books. One point especially, that is Fang Yuan the main character, is able to fail. Demonic path was never about winning every battle, demons lose too. If I do not write out the failure, I would not be able to represent the true nature of "demonic". Any risk has a price to pay, if one day, in the event Fang Yuan’s death would make the book more interesting, or even elevate it to another level, then I would write him to death, that is also the tragedy of the demonic path.)



***
Chapter 400: Life is but a few hundred years, it is all a grand gamble!


***





 Chapter 400: Life is but a few hundred years, it is all a grand gamble!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Fixed star Gu, this is like a rope tied around my neck. Although I have methods to get rid of it, I need a lot of time to prepare. If I want to immediately get rid of the fixed star Gu, unless Bai Ning Bing took it back personally, otherwise, I can also chop off my left forearm..." Fang Yuan’s heart was burning with this urge.


 Fixed star Gu was hiding in Fang Yuan’s forearm, once he discarded his forearm, Tie clan’s four old-timers would only be able to retrieve his broken limb.


 If if he did that, Fang Yuan would lose a limb.


 He would have to treat it in the future, making a broken limb grow back, creating something from nothing, it would spend a lot of effort.


 Not mentioning how troublesome healing would be, the thing now was once he loses his left arm, it would be alerting his enemies. Tie clan and Bai Ning Bing would immediately realize that Fang Yuan knew what was going on, and would immediately start their attacks.


 That way, the attackers of the main hall would also include Tie clan and Bai Ning Bing.


 To Fang Yuan, such a situation was worse than the previous life.


 "I cannot alert them prematurely! I was lucky to rebirth, compared to last time, my only advantage is that I know what is going to happen. I have to go with the flow, since Tie clan and Bai Ning Bing are still usable to me now. Once I lose my arm, not only would Tie clan be forced to go against me, the situation will also change, and derail from the tracks of my previous life, I would lose my rebirth advantage completely."


 But if he did not get rid of his arm, how would he get out of this situation, and counterattack under such dire circumstances?


 Fang Yuan pondered, all sorts of people, incidents, cause and effect flickered in his mind.


 Wang Xiao, Chou Jiu, Wu Shen Tong, Zhang San San, Long Qing Tian, Xiao Mang, Tie Ruo Nan, Bai Ning Bing, Mo Wu Tian, Yan Jun, Feng Tian Yu...


 Slavery Gu, jade sky Gu poison, land spirit, bronze hall, immortal essence, fixed star Gu, second aperture Gu, undefeated hundred battles Gu...


 Numerous choices give birth to unlimited possibilities. Infinite possibilities affect each other.


 Fang Yuan’s mind worked rapidly, all sorts of inspiration and scenarios happened in his head like lighting a flint in the darkness.


 What should he do to protect himself, while maintaining the biggest benefits?


 He thought and thought, expending his mental energy, in just a little bit of time, his ears were buzzing.


 "Wait!" Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s body shook.


 "Maybe... take a step backwards, and the sea and sky becomes wider ? Should I consider this from a wider perspective?" An absurd thought appeared in this head.


 "No way, if I do this, the risks are greater!" He shook his head, muttering as he denied this idea.


 But this thought was rooted in his head, it continued to influence him.


 "If I do this and manage to succeed, my gains will be overwhelming!" Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brilliantly.


 But the next moment, he shook his head again: "If there is even an inch of calculation mistake in this plan, I will be completely finished, the consequences would be worse than falling into Tie Ruo Nan’s hands. The Spring Autumn Cicada has already been used, I cannot use rebirth again for a while..."


 As he thought, Fang Yuan’s gaze became solemn and deep.


 Suddenly, he laughed lightly: "To think that I, a great demonic leader in my time, am being so careful and worried now, afraid to execute my plans. As long as there is hope, I should be brave enough to do it. Only an overwhelming benefit can cause me to go forward relentlessly. Fortune and risks come together, why should I go slow and steady to build my foundation? I want to ascend to heaven in one step!"


 "That’s right, this is the plan! Death without a proper burial if I fail, fly into the sky like a dragon if I succeed, and pave the way for my future plans. Hehehe, hahaha, life is but a few hundred years, it is all a grand gamble!"


 "Little beast king, don’t be rash, we can talk this out. You want the path into Wu mountain, we can negotiate this, it can be discussed." Wang Xiao underneath his feet begged.


 Fang Yuan laughed at times, remained solemn at times, frowned at times, and went back to laughing happily at times. He scared this rank five Gu Master, the lord of Wu mountain, a great demonic expert to death.


 In Wang Xiao’s heart, Fang Yuan was a maniac, a mentally ill person.


 Demonic path is extreme, without a clan’s support, cultivation is difficult. At times they struggled at death’s door, they face great mental pressure. It is not uncommon for demonic Gu Masters to develop mental illnesses.


 Especially when Fang Yuan talked to himself sometimes, or even made poems for himself, it intensified Wang Xiao’s worries.


 Against a normal person, he had his ways to deal with them. But dealing with a madman, even a Gu Immortal has no confidence.


 "Oh? You plan to tell me Wu mountain’s entrance?" Fang Yuan frowned, looking at Wang Xiao.


 "Of course, but you have to let me off." Wang Xiao saw a reaction from Fang Yuan and shouted anxiously.


 "Hmph!" Fang Yuan’s gaze became sharp, pressing with his feet and with a crack, Wang Xiao’s head was smash to bits.


 Wang Xiao was a great expert, devious and cruel, cold and emotionless. To get him to say the correct entrance into Wu mountain, Zhang San San’s rank five slavery Gu was needed.


 But in Fang Yuan’s new plan, Wang Xiao had been discarded, there is no need to waste time talking to him, thus he was directly killed.


 A pity for Wang Xiao, the lord of Wu mountain yet he died so pathetically in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 After killing Wang Xiao, Fang Yuan took his Gu and used beast strength placenta Gu, devouring his and Yun Luo Tian’s apertures.


 "This way, beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude is eighty-three percent. In terms of immortal essence, we spent a little bit more than expected, slightly exceeding two portions. Ba Gui, you want me to stop?" Fang Yuan suddenly said.


 Land spirit: "Eh? How did you know my thought?"


 "Of course I know." Fang Yuan snorted, leaking the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura: "Ba Gui, have a feel, what do you think this is?"


 The land spirit was speechless!


 "This, this is the aura of a rank six Immortal Gu! It seems... it seems to be the Spring Autumn Cicada... Spring Autumn Cicada is the seventh mysterious Gu in this world! You are a mere mortal, how can you possess such an Immortal Gu?"


 In his past life, Fang Yuan spent a lot of time talking to Ba Gui, eventually failing to convince it, thus gambling and revealing his greatest trump card, convincing the land spirit.


 This time, Fang Yuan revealed Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura from the start and went straight to the point: "Ba Gui, I will not lie to you, I am a future Gu Immortal, using the Spring Autumn Cicada to rebirth myself into the past."


 "What?!" Land spirit was shocked beyond words, the information was too great, it could not accept it so readily.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was arrogant: "I came back from the future, I know everything. Ba Gui, I am your next master, I succeeded in refining the second aperture Gu in my previous life..."


 Fang Yuan spoke.


 In his last life, he convinced the land spirit, but now, he had the knowledge of the future, as well as the experience of refining second aperture Gu as evidence, the land spirit was quickly convinced.


 "Young man, you really are my future master? Listening to your words, it seems you really succeeded in refining second aperture Gu! Regardless of whether you are lying to me, I am exhilarated. Because this means the success of second aperture Gu has been raised by thirty percent!" Land spirit said happily.


 "Enough trash talk, Ba Gui, I came from the future, I know the dangers that are lurking. First, I need to kill a person!"


 ...


 A moment later, Long Qing Tian died by Fang Yuan’s hands.


 In his last life, this Long Qing Tian went into a weakened land and used the jade sky Gu, poisoning the blessed land and forming a loophole, causing great damage to the blessed land, and also causing Fang Yuan a lot of trouble.


 This time, Fang Yuan struck immediately after rebirth. Before Long Qing Tian entered that weakened area, he used the heavenly power to restrict him and easily killed him.


 "Young man, I am starting to believe you. You killed a dangerous threat prematurely. Sigh, the three kings modified the blessed land, my control over this land is not strong anymore. You could sense this danger and have the Spring Autumn Cicada, you really came from the future..." Land spirit exclaimed.


 Fang Yuan sighed, land spirit was old and dying, it was like a dying old man, it could not compare to a young land spirit.


 For example, it could not even detect the fixed star Gu on Fang Yuan’s arm.


 Fang Yuan did not waste time with the land spirit, he worked quickly, taking Long Qing Tian’s Gu worms and devoured his aperture.


 In his previous life, because of the jade sky Gu poison, Fang Yuan could not take the battle loot after killing Long Qing Tian. But this time, he acted early and Long Qing Tian could not use his Gu, thus Fang Yuan had no restrictions.


 After looting Long Qing Tian, Fang Yuan gained several useful things.


 Other than the aperture, his greatest loot was jade sky Gu.


 This Gu was like a dark green bamboo stem, palm-sized and hollow in the middle, it gave off a smooth texture when held in one’s hands, like a piece of jade.


 Rank five jade sky Gu originated from the immemorial era, it was extremely rare now. It had an extremely strong poison and there was barely any ways to deal with it, it could easily poison a person to death, causing them to fade into a green light.


 This Gu had great use, Fang Yuan kept it carefully.


 "Bai Gui, quickly transfer me to this place."


 The next moment, Fang Yuan appeared in front of the demonic enslavement path master, Zhang San San.


 Zhang San San had not even reacted before Fang Yuan attacked, ending his life.


 Fang Yuan killed and plundered the aperture, it was the same thing again, causing the beast strength placenta Gu’s aptitude to rise again.


 Zhang San San was a rank four Gu Master, but had a rank five slavery Gu. Fang Yuan’s greatest motive for killing him was this Gu.


 With another flash, Fang Yuan appeared in front of killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.


 "Eh? Little beast king! How did you..." Chou Jiu saw Fang Yuan and was taken aback, his expression extremely shocked.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was plain as he used the rank five slavery Gu.


 The slavery Gu exploded into a yellow light, landing on Chou Jiu.


 Chou Jiu shouted: "F*ck! Rank five slavery Gu! You can kill me but not humiliate me , you want to enslave me, you are dreaming..."


 He did not know that in the previous life, he begged Fang Yuan to use slavery Gu.


 With the land spirit to suppress him, Chou Jiu could not use Gu worms, the slavery Gu was easily planted on him.


 But to control a rank five Gu Master, it was not so easy, it was a contest of souls.


 Chou Jiu resisted with all his strength, Fang Yuan’s soul trembled as he entered a stalemate.


 Chou Jiu sneered, his forehead full of sweat: "Little beast king, you are too naive. For an enslavement path Gu master, the soul’s foundation is most important, the higher the better. It is not easy to control wild beasts, not to mention men. Man is the spirit of all beings, you want to control me who is a rank higher, it is wishful thinking, hehe... ahhh!"


 Chou Jiu screamed in pain, as his smug laughter was terminated by Fang Yuan’s slap.


 With this interference, the contest of souls tilted towards Fang Yuan’s advantage, as the yellow light merged into his body.


 As long as it is fully merged, Chou Jiu would become Fang Yuan’s most loyal slave!



***
Chapter 401: Battle begins once more


***





 Chapter 401: Battle begins once more


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Chou Jiu was shocked, quickly concentrating his mind and pushing his soul, meditating resist this yellow light.


 This yellow light was supported by Fang Yuan’s soul power, but he was young and had weaker foundations in his soul compared to this hundred year old monster Chou Jiu. To enslave Chou Jiu, it would not be an easy task.


 But why would Fang Yuan not see this coming, he had his ways.


 Piak piak piak, bam bam bam.


 "Stop, you dare to hit me!"


 "Kick my face again and I’ll fight it out with you..."


 "F*cker, still kicking, I’ll kill you!!"


 "Stop hitting , stop hitting me."


 "No, no more..."


 Fang Yuan hit Chou Jiu until he rolled around, Chou Jiu could not use Gu worms but Fang Yuan had his strength path Gu worms available.


 Comparing strength, Chou Jiu was not Fang Yuan’s match. Quickly, Chou Jiu’s face was bruised, and his distraction meant that the yellow light fused into his body more deeply.


 "Hold on, I have to block it, once it fuses completely, I will be his slave, I will have no way out!" Chou Jiu squeezed into a ball as he allowed Fang Yuan to hit him, the strong sense of danger causing his hair to stand.


 Just a tiny bit of light left, near his forehead unable to fuse properly.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly, suddenly saying: "Zeng Ah Niu, you don’t want revenge? Chen Jiu betrayed you and is living well with Shang Yan Fei."


 "You, how did you know?!" Chou Jiu was taken by surprise, the light quickly entering his body with this chance.


 Chou Jiu’s expression instantly changed, kneeling before Fang Yuan.


 "This subordinate greets master!"


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 Success!


 This rank five slavery Gu should be used on a rank five Gu Master to express its true worth.


 Till now, Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang had not arrived yet. Tie Mu Bai, Wu Gui, Ku Mo and Wu Lan Shan were all killed by Fang Yuan, the final choice was Wang Xiao the owner of Wu mountain and killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.


 But how could Wu mountain compare to the door of life and death? The door of life and death was a forbidden land on the same level as the river of time!


 Enslaving Chou Jiu meant getting the clue to the door of life and death. Moreover, Chou Jiu is one of the four great doctors of southern border, his influence even spread to the righteous path, he was definitely better than Mo Wu Tian.


 The only flaw was that enslaving Chou Jiu placed a great burden on Fang Yuan’s soul, it was a problem for his upcoming Immortal Gu refinement.


 "Chou Jiu, back then did you use the poison vow Gu with Doctor Su Shou, swearing to love each other for eternity, never abandoning each other?" Fang Yuan looked at the killer ghost doctor, asking a question.


 "There is indeed such a matter, but master, how did you know?" Chou Jiu kneeled on the ground and answered with a bruised face, feeling confused.


 "Hmph, since you used the poison vow Gu, do you know how Doctor Su Shou lifted its restrictions?" Fang Yuan squinted his eyes.


 "Poison vow Gu is mountain pledge sea oath Gu’s replacement, Chen Jiu does not have the ability to negate it. She took a great risk for that gigolo Shang Yan Fei, letting the poison vow kill her. Without a host, the poison vow’s strength vanished. She then used healing techniques to resurrect herself, getting free of the poison vow!"


 Chou Jiu said this with a furious expression. He loved his senior sister greatly, but she betrayed him for a gigolo, even ignoring the dangers to her life and broke the poison vow.


 Fang Yuan heard this and was even more furious than him, lifting his leg and kicking Chou Jiu away.


 "You lying piece of shit!"


 He remembered that in his previous life, Chou Jiu said this:


 "We took an oath in front of the blessed land’s sea, to protect and stand by each other."


 "But who could have thought her heart had already changed and actually broke the oath we took at that time and injured me, defecting with that thief!"


 What oath, it was the motherf*cking poison vow Gu!


 This Chou Jiu only spoke of less important matters, making important information unclear and concealing himself. If he had said poison vow Gu back then, Fang Yuan reckons: He would not have been so unaware, not knowing that there was a person in Shang clan city that could break free from poison vow Gu, and thus he would’ve been careful of Bai Ning Bing.


 "But I should’ve guessed it, when Chou Jiu talked about Shang Yan Fei’s appearance, he said that he was only slightly better looking. Saying such shameless words like it was natural, it was no surprise that he would not mention the Gu."


 Fang Yuan looked at Chou Jiu with contempt.


 Saying he loved her, but used the poison vow Gu to restrict her, it showed how sinister and inferior his inner heart was. Such a person speaking with exaggerated truths was nothing strange.


 Fang Yuan was also suspicious of how Bai Ning Bing broke free from the poison vow, even in his previous life Bai Ning Bing did not say the reason. Now Fang Yuan knew, it was Doctor Su Shou who helped her break free of it.


 "Alright, let the past be past. Chou Jiu, go to King Xin Inheritance and get me undefeated hundred battles Gu." Fang Yuan collected his thoughts and instructed.


 "This subordinate will do all that he can!" Chou Jiu answered.


 Chou Jiu was a healing Gu Master, he was not a refinement path master like Feng Tian Yu, it was impossible to ask him to assist Fang Yuan in refining second aperture Gu. But it was extremely easy for him to get the undefeated hundred battles Gu.


 This is because the blessed land was weakening, not long later, Gu worms would be usable, Chou Jiu just needed to charge ahead and he would obtain undefeated hundred battles Gu.


 At this point, Fang Yuan’s slaughter ended.


 He returned to the hall and continue refining Gu.


 Compared to his previous life, he saved a lot of time after rebirth. Without the Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure it was much easier.


 Back then he only spent an hour a day, refining Gu like a maniac, forcing his own limits. But now he could sleep six hours, slowly and steadily, refining Gu with perfect sequence.


 Days continued to pass, and the blessed land was getting weaker. But the immortal essence expenditure was much less than last time. Fang Yuan had his experience from the last time, he took less detours this time, many steps were completed in one try, and the land spirit was extremely amazed.


 Three kings inheritance’s weird state attracted everyone’s attention.


 As time went on, Che clan, Zuo clan moved out, and Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian also appeared on San Cha mountain.


 Finally, October 24th came again.


 "Master, this subordinate has succeeded!" Chou Jiu kneeled on the ground, holding up a Gu, handing it to Fang Yuan.


 This Gu had a bland appearance, like a grey stone disc, it was none other than undefeated hundred battles Gu.


 In his previous life, Feng Tian Yu who Fang Yuan enslaved obtained King Xin Inheritance and had several hundred hairy men as followers. Now, Chou Jiu was not a refinement path master, he broke through by force, only getting the undefeated hundred battles Gu, not a single hairy men followed him.


 But the hairy men were good at Gu refinement, they could not battle. The hairy men’s line of defense was as good as nothing, Fang Yuan did not mind it.


 After keeping undefeated hundred battles Gu, Fang Yuan gave instructions before sending Chou Jiu away. This process was done in the dark, Bai Ning Bing did not learn of it.


 Fang Yuan returned to the bronze hall, and Bai Ning Bing had already arrived.


 Behind her, there were a hundred thousand dog beasts, either resting or playing around.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: "Bai Ning Bing, hand your Gu worms to the land spirit."


 "What?" Bai Ning Bing was shocked: "Aren’t I commanding these dogs?"


 "The land spirit can use Gu worms, its manipulation is better than yours." Fang Yuan explained.


 Land spirit appeared, slightly worried: "Young man, I have to refine Gu with you while controlling the immortal essence, if I have to expend effort controlling the dogs, I might not have the energy to do so."


 Fang Yuan snickered, his expression extremely confident: "No worries, aren’t you confident of my actions? Among the enemies I have my pawn pieces too. There are sufficient primeval stones here for you to manipulate the dogs."


 "Is that so..." Ba Gui hesitated, but thinking of Fang Yuan’s secret identity, he agreed in the end.


 "As for you Bai Ning Bing, come with me. When I refine Gu, I need a trustworthy person to defend me." Fang Yuan patted Bai Ning Bing’s shoulder, showing a kind and affectionate smile.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, her gaze shining secretly, as she said in a flat tone: "Up to you, as long as you don’t die, whether the Gu refinement succeeds or not is none of my business."


 Fang Yuan and Bai Ning Bing entered the hall together.


 Fang Yuan sat down as Bai Ning Bing acted as his guardian.


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes, not doing anything.


 "What are you waiting for? There is not much time." Bai Ning Bing endured for a while before breaking the silence.


 "Ning Bing, stay calm, some things cannot be rushed." Fang Yuan smiled lightly, no anxiety at all as he spoke plainly.


 Bai Ning Bing snorted, not speaking, her eyes squinting, thinking in her heart: "What is this Fang Yuan thinking of? He took away my commanding rights, is he suspicious of me? No, he arranged for me to be in the hall, he still trusts me! I have to continue enduring."


 She thought of Tie Ruo Nan, feeling assured: "She is blocked by the dog groups outside now, without my assistance, she can only break through by force. Damn it, he did not let me control the dogs. Thankfully, we have a backup plan, Tie Bai Qi is already secretly on San Cha mountain."


 A moment later, Fang Yuan was calm and resting, not doing anything.


 This time, even the land spirit came to urge Fang Yuan to refine the Gu.


 But Fang Yuan rejected him, not doing anything.


 Land spirit was anxious, its tone became slightly angry, but Fang Yuan used his rebirth identity to convince it.


 At this time, on San Cha mountain peak.


 Blue, red light pillars were thin and weak, still shining on the mountain peak. King Quan inheritance’s yellow pillar was gone.


 The previous time, only red pillar was left, that was because Feng Tian Yu took King Xin Inheritance. But this time, Chou Jiu was not a refinement master, he could not break through the final round, thus two pillars were left.


 "I wonder who took King Quan Inheritance!"


 "Two left, us smallfry have no chance..."


 "But it is really strange, none of the rank five Gu Masters in the inheritance came out, did something happen?"


 "That’s right, King Quan Inheritance was inherited, but why did the others not come out?"


 "They are being retained inside the blessed land. This blessed land is facing destruction, soon the door will open, allowing us to enter and exit at will." A voice echoed.


 "It is Lord Xiao Mang!" Someone cheered, recognising the person’s identity.



***
Chapter 402: All is within my control


***





 Chapter 402: All is within my control


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Extreme light Gu!


 Heaven’s will Gu!


 Empty fist Gu!


 Killer move — Immemorial Light Fist!!


 Xiao Mang stood at the peak of San Cha mountain and used his killer move, causing the sky to dim.


 Light rays formed into a giant hill-sized fist and pierced through the blessed land’s barrier.


 In an instant, the whole blessed land shook and an enormous hole formed forming a passage connecting the inside to the outside. Gu Masters could enter through it without any obstructions!


 "Charge, everything in the blessed land is ours!"


 "We need to hurry, or else we won’t be able to seize anything."


 "Unfortunately, the good stuff will be taken by those experts. It will be good if they leave just the soup for us."


 "How nice would it be If I can luckily obtain King Xin and King Bao Inheritance!"


 It was a scene of chaos; countless people cheered while rushing into the blessed land, causing the pressure on the blessed to greatly increase.


 "This is it, hehehe, a bunch of idiots!" Xiao Mang laughed coldly inwardly and stepped into the blessed land.


 The bronze hall also recovered from the tremors.


 Land spirit transmitted its voice to Fang Yuan: "So you were waiting for this tremor to pass, it was really dangerous! If it was during the Gu refinement process, it would have caused a huge disturbance and the consequences would be too terrible to imagine. You are truly a Gu Immortal who has been reborn."


 Fang Yuan smiled and transmitted a mental message: "I am not only a Gu Immortal, but also your future master. Ba Gui, you need to know I am the best candidate for refining the Immortal Gu. The more you cooperate with me, the higher our chance of refining the Immortal Gu. Now, I remember there will be two more tremors, we need to avoid them as much as possible. Alright, let’s begin the Gu refinement!"


 Fang Yuan threw the false second aperture Gu into the cauldron.


 With the land spirit’s cooperation, the bronze cauldron burned without any fire and the remaining bit of immortal essence started combusting!


 Immortal essence combusted and formed into a blue smoke that gracefully rose and covered the false second aperture Gu.


 The false Gu floated above the bronze cauldron and was turned into dazzling yellow light by this blue smoke.


 Fang Yuan concentrated his attention in harmonizing the blue smoke and yellow light.


 Previously, he refined the Gu together with Feng Tian Yu, now he was doing it alone and was thus slightly slower.


 ...


 Mo Wu Tian arrived at the edge of the dense fog by himself.


 His deep and mysterious purple eyes were enchanting and wild. Through his purple eyes, the fog seemed to be invisible and the sea of dog beasts showed themselves in his sight.


 "Such a tight defensive formation, one man alone cannot charge through it, it seems I will need to borrow strength!"


 He resolutely turned around and after a while found Hu Mei Er.


 "Ah! Young master Wu Tian, you have actually advanced to rank five!" Hu Mei Er was shocked at Mo Wu Tian’s cultivation progress.


 Mo Wu Tian talked of the immortal treasure and was able to immediately incite the desire in Hu Mei Er who expressed her full support.


 However, when they were on their way, they found that the news about the immortal treasure had already spread.


 The two inquired about the details and learned the news was released by the killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu. Right now, he had already gathered a huge group of demonic Gu Masters and was heading towards the bronze hall.


 Mo Wu Tian furrowed his brows. Most of the demonic path Gu Masters had already gone with Chou Jiu, and thus he was only able to gather a few people.


 Moreover, talking of influence, he was no match for Chou Jiu.


 Mo Wu Tian was after all a newcomer while Chou Jiu was an old veteran who had roamed around Southern Border for many years and was also one of the four great doctors. Most of the people would have favors to ask of him and he had some influence even in the righteous path.


 With no choice, Mo Wu Tian could only join with Chou Jiu’s group.


 "With little brother Mo Wu Tian’s help, these mere dog beasts are of no worry to us!" Chou Jiu welcomed Mo Wu Tian enthusiastically.


 Mo Wu Tian’s brows furrowed deeply as he was used as a target board for Chou Jiu. But nevermind, if he endured this and helped out, they would be able to get to the main hall quicker.


 The huge crowd of demonic Gu Masters looked majestic, but they did not immediately charge towards the main hall but instead remained there.


 "Sir Chou Jiu, time doesn’t wait for anyone, why are we not charging in towards the hall?" Mo Wu Tian’s brows had furrowed into a knot as he urged.


 Chou Jiu said with a chuckled: "More people means bigger strength, there are still many of our people that have not joined us. We need to absorb their strength to become even stronger. When we charge at that time, the pressure and danger each person faces will be much less."


 Mo Wu Tian urged again but Chou Jiu just chuckled and replied politely, not yielding the least bit.


 Mo Wu Tian started to feel anxious, he tried several more times but Chou Jiu remained firm.


 "This old fool does not know the value of time!" Mo Wu Tian repressed his anger and immediately contacted Hu Mei Er, Li Xian and others to agitate and incite everyone, making them even more impatient.


 Chou Jiu had no way to deal with it since he could not directly go against everyone’s intent, and could only lead a group of demonic Gu Masters to arrive at the edge of the fog.


 Mo Wu Tian observed for a while and again made the strategy to divide the crowd in three groups, and so on.


 Chou Jiu, however, said it was not a good idea and that the fog was too dense to understand the actual situation. As a doctor, he had his morals as a healer, he could not bear to see everyone risking themselves and delivering themselves to death.


 Mo Wu Tian stomped his feet in anger and went to contact everyone and incite them with the allure of the immortal treasure.


 The demonic Gu Masters’ mood was agitated, Chou Jiu also took advantage of the situation to push the responsibility for this matter to Mo Wu Tian and chose the people who would charge forward. However, he put a condition that only those who were willing could go forward and they could not be forced.


 The demonic crowd readily agreed and moved towards the three paths according to Mo Wu Tian’s arrangement.


 "Not good, someone is attacking from outside!" When the refinement was going on, the land spirit’s voice suddenly arrived.


 "No need to worry, I have already anticipated this situation, go take charge of the battle outside, I will stabilize the Gu refinement for the moment and wait for you to rotate with me." Fang Yuan’s expression was calm.


 The land spirit divided most of its concentration in commanding the dog beasts according to Fang Yuan’s instructions and beat back the demonic crowd just like in previous life.


 Mo Wu Tian was unresigned and again formed the second assault group, but they still met with great losses and returned defeatedly.


 Chou Jiu came forward at this moment: "Everyone knows my rule, I take one life for every life I save. Right now, I will treat everyone first and hope you all can fulfill the promise later."


 Finished speaking, he started healing everyone.


 The demonic crowd was moved to tears. Chou Jiu’s influence increased rapidly and even more people left Mo Wu Tian to side with Chou Jiu.


 Chou Jiu patted Mo Wu Tian’s shoulder and said in a kind voice: "Brother Wu Tian, do you see it now? I advised you earlier to not take the risk. Now, so many of our comrades have lost their lives, it makes me so sad."


 His voice was quite loud which caused Mo Wu Tian’s eye to twitch and his anger reached an extreme level.


 "This old sinister fool! If I was successful in breaking through these beasts, it would be his contribution; and now that I failed, he is avoiding all the responsibility! Hmph, I did underestimate these beasts. I had thought the formation was a weak one, and had never thought that there was a Gu Master controlling them from behind. Such a fast adaptation speed and method, this person is definitely someone with deep attainment in enslavement path. Damn it, this is really hateful!"


 Mo Wu Tian gritted his teeth but could do nothing.


 In the previous life, he was able to use force and threat to make the demonic Gu Masters throw their lives. However, with rank five Chou Jiu here now, he was not able to be so unrestrained.


 "Let’s wait. Righteous path Gu Masters will also soon gather together and we can discuss it with them. After all, we only have one life, in case we charge through and let the righteous path get the benefits, it would be really bad." Chou Jiu spoke his plan.


 "Lord killer ghost doctor is right."


 "Lord killer ghost doctor is indeed benevolent and cherishes the lives of us small characters."


 "Doctors have their healer morals, Lord killer ghost doctor is after all a senior of our demonic path..."


 Mo Wu Tian gritted his teeth till they made cracking sounds, he really wished he could kill this old bastard.


 Like this, the time was delayed for a good while until the righteous path Gu Masters gathered under the lead of Xiao Mang.


 They charged through several times but also returned in defeat. Xiao Mang was getting anxious while thinking of the unopened King Bao Inheritance and again used his killer move.


 Extreme light Gu!


 My will Gu!


 Bright spear Gu!


 Killer move — My Glorious Spear!!


 A 1.8m long and 0.6m thick spear of light landed on the mound.


 An intense explosion occurred with shockwaves blowing away everything. After the dazzling light dispersed, the fog that covered the mound also dispersed.


 The bronze hall and the majestic dog beasts were revealed before everyone’s eyes in their full glory.


 Righteous and demonic crowd felt their hearts thumping in excitement but also turned cold at the scene. The immortal treasure was in front of them but how could they charge through such an enormous dog beast formation.


 It could only be done if the righteous and demonic allied.


 Those with experience all thought of this.


 Xiao Mang looked at the demonic path’s direction and Mo Wu Tian also glanced at the righteous path.


 It was clear they needed to ally, but they had to see which side would compromise first.


 Time passed by minutes and seconds...


 Chou Jiu calmly watched the dog beasts while Xiao Mang’s expression was solemn as he closed his eyes to recuperate. He was the young master of the grand Xiao clan, a famous figure among the righteous path, how could he lower his head towards the demonic path first? If words spread later, his reputation would have a great hit.


 "The second tremor has gone, Ba Gui, my secret chess piece has showed its use and for a short time, they won’t attack. Let’s continue the refinement!" Fang Yuan summoned the land spirit.


 While the righteous and demonic path were in a stalemate, Fang Yuan once again resumed the refinement.


 At this moment, the blue smoke and the yellow light had finally blended with each other.


 The blue smoke turned into beads of grass that floated in the air and started growing. The yellow light turned into flowers that fluttered and fell into the grass.


 Fang Yuan took out a dagger and cut his artery, bleeding out his own essence blood.


 Large amounts of essence blood infused into smoke. The blue smoke and yellow light immediately let out sizzling sounds and turned into a red cloud, like a wave of blood sea.


 The blood surged and turned into a sphere that floated in the air without spreading.


 After a round of evolution, the smoke sphere settled down and formed a field with abundant red wheat growing in it.


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air when he saw this.


 He had lost a lot of blood which caused his face to pale. He immediately used a Gu to heal his wound.


 "Wild grass grow wildly, the qi of blood like the sea. Three hundred years as spring, five hundred years as autumn..." He took out a lifespan Gu.


 This was a three hundred years lifespan Gu which looked like roots with rough texture, like a snake that was coiled into a circle.


 Fang Yuan threw it into the smoke in blood field, the cloud of smoke immediate started raging like boiling water.


 In previous life, this strange change had nearly caused Fang Yuan to fail. Now, however, Fang Yuan had was mentally prepared and easily controlled the situation. Under his control, the cloud of smoke gradually settled down.


 However, right at this time, the land spirit suddenly warned: "Not good, those Gu Masters have started attacking together! There might not be time to refine Gu."


 "No need to worry, everything is under my control." Fang Yuan coldly smiled and took out the second lifespan Gu.



***
Chapter 403: Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough?


***





 Chapter 403: Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough?


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Killlllll..."


 "Charge through!"


 "Kill these goddamn dogs!"


 Shouting, screaming, shrieking, cursing, dog barking, all these sounds merged into one, causing the ground to tremble.


 The attack had just begun for ten minutes, but the mound was already overflowing with blood and corpses.


 "Sir Chou Jiu, we are slow, with this kind of pace, when will we ever get into the bronze hall!" Mo Wu Tian urged.


 Chou Jiu snickered: "The dog groups are huge, is it that easy to get through? It is better that we are slow, the righteous path will take on more pressure for us, we can benefit from the chaos better."


 Chou Jiu was already Fang Yuan’s slave, his greatest wish is to continue stalling for time.


 Earlier, the righteous and demonic factions were at a stalemate, but this Mo Wu Tian had to ruin it by finding Xiao Mang to cooperate. Chou Jiu could not stop him, he could only go with the flow.


 After starting the assault, he tried his best to slow them down.


 They had planned to attack from two directions, but because of killer ghost doctor’s manipulation, it caused the righteous faction to be further in the advancement, thus taking more hits. Meanwhile, the demonic path had less losses, but the assault’s momentum was slowly, they were in danger of being surrounded.


 "Chou Jiu, what are you thinking of! You are too muddled, we have to charge with vigor, how can we move so slowly? You are old and confused, can’t you see? Our group is already in deep trouble, once our movement stops, we will be surrounded, we will be in greater danger than the righteous path!" Mo Wu Tian was stomping his feet in anger, shouting.


 Chou Jiu stared with his eyes wide open, shouting back: "Mo Wu Tian, you junior, why are you screaming for nothing, what do you know? Doing it your way, how many people did we lose earlier! Later when we compete with the righteous faction for the immortal treasure, they will be our enemy, we have to weaken them!"


 Saying so, Chou Jiu’s tone changed, consoling softly: "Oh young man, it is not wise to charge ahead recklessly."


 Because of what happened earlier, the majority of the demonic Gu Masters supported Chou Jiu and objected to Mo Wu Tian.


 Mo Wu Tian’s heart was furious, as he raised his head and screamed: "Old fool Chou Jiu, we have different opinions! You all can wait here and die, I am going to get my immortal treasure!"


 Saying so, he moved ahead and charged towards the bronze hall.


 Hu Mei Er, Li Xian and the others felt that Mo Wu Tian was right, they wanted to go ahead but their strength was insufficient, they could only go with the crowd.


 "Youngsters are so rash." Chou Jiu sighed, then laughed: "Look, after being psyched by me, he is taking on the pressure for us. We will steadily move ahead, using the road that he paved for us, perfect!"


 Everyone laughed, praising Chou Jiu’s brilliance.


 Countless dogs formed into a wave, as thousands of Gu Masters resisted them.


 Blood flowed and broken limbs flew. All sorts of Gu worms competed, like the dance of fire and ice, lightning exploded and soil was overturned, green vines grew endlessly.


 Yi Chong’s body was covered in blue fish scales, black fins growing on his back with a light blue spiral wave around him. He seemed to have become a fearsome shark in the sea, charging ahead fearlessly.


 Yi Huo turned into the god of fire, charging ahead as he slaughtered, everywhere he went, there was blazing flames and crying dogs.


 Yan Jun used the phantom path Gu worm, turning into a hollow shadow as he evaded attacks again and again, safe and sound.


 Li Xian used his rank five Gu and concealed his body while people were not noticing.


 Kong Ri Tian turning into a rain of petals, floating in the sky.


 The experts displayed all their abilities, getting close to the bronze hall. Among them, two were at the frontlines, and were the most prominent.


 It was none other than Xiao Mang and Mo Wu Tian.


 But good times did not last, Ba Huang and Ying Ming, the two dog emperors appeared, blocking their advancement like last time.


 "It is time." At the frontlines, Tie Ruo Nan was bathed in blood as she stopped her footsteps, resting as she breathed heavily.


 Tie clan’s four old-timers were guarding by her side, other than that, there was Tie Bai Qi.


 "We are a few thousand steps from the bronze hall, there are many dogs here, it is up to you, Lord Tie Bai Qi." Tie Ruo Nan said.


 "Hehehe, I have been watching the whole time, my hands are itching already!" Tie Bai Qi took off his hat, showing off the third eye on his forehead.


 Pew!


 He activated his Gu worm, pushing the space before him with both hands, forming a black hole.


 The black hole continued to spin, as numerous white apes jumped out.


 The white ape army gushed out, forming into a strong formation as it charged towards the bronze hall.


 "Young master, go ahead. I will block them here." TIe Bai Qi’s tone was confident and powerful.


 "We’ll be counting on you, the Immortal Gu is most important, for the clan, we have to arrest Fang Yuan alive!" Tie Ruo Nan gritted her teeth, waving her hand and bringing the Tie clan four old-timers and starting their invasion.


 With the white ape army to cover for them and sacrifice, Tie Ruo Nan successfully made it into the hall.


 Fang Yuan was still refining Gu, he could not do anything else!


 Land spirit wanted to strike, but Fang Yuan stopped it: "Ba Gui, don’t force yourself! You have to control the dog groups while manipulating the immortal essence to assist me in refining Gu, how can you be further distracted? Bai Ning Bing, it will be up to you now, go block her!"


 Bai Ning Bing snorted coldly, squinting her eyes as he blocked Tie Ruo Nan, engaging in fierce combat.


 In the space before Fang Yuan, cloud smoke was moving violently.


 In his previous life, he had already used third watch Gu by this time. But now, without Feng Tian Yu’s help, Fang Yuan’s progress was extremely slow, he had just thrown in the five hundred year lifespan Gu.


 Without the refinement master Feng Tian Yu, Fang Yuan felt difficulty controlling the cloud smoke.


 The cloud smoke reacted violently, causing Fang Yuan to almost fail several times, but he managed to salvage it every time.


 Behind him, as Tie and Bai fought, Tie clan’s four old-timers joined in.


 Bai Ning Bing could not rival them, as she fell into a disadvantage, shouting: "Fang Zheng, I can’t hold them back anymore, how long more do you need!"


 The cloud smoke had finally absorbed the lifespan Gu, turning into the blood fields, golden wheat, filled with crops. It was the ’five hundred years as autumn’ scene.


 Fang Yuan’s voice was nervous: "Hang in there, I need a lot of time!"


 "If I die, you will not live too..." Bai Ning Bing cursed continuously.


 Several moves later, Bai Ning Bing gasped roughly: "I can’t continue! Fang Yuan, I am going to self-destruct!"


 "Your aptitude has already returned to a hundred percent?" Fang Yuan was startled.


 "What do you think!" Bai Ning Bing cursed.


 The cloud smoke was slowly maturing, dissipating. From a water tank’s size, it shrunk to a basin’s size.


 "Try to hold on, unless you can’t control it anymore, don’t..." Fang Yuan shouted.


 "It is too late." Bai Ning Bing sighed deeply.


 Crack crack...


 Frost quickly gathered, as the cold aura spread everywhere in the main hall and the temperature decrease rapidly.


 "What Gu is this?" Tie Ruo Nan’s cry of surprise also reached Fang Yuan’s ears.


 Fang Yuan turned his head with difficulty to look and saw the main hall already becoming a world of ice and snow. Bai Ning Bing was floating high up in the air, her whole body turning into ice crystal, similar to the situation when she had self-destructed back at Qing Mao mountain.


 The cold wind blustered and glacier rose, crushing towards Tie Ruo Nan with vast and majestic force.


 "Is this the legendary Northern Dark Ice Soul physique?" Tie Ruo Nan cried out in surprise. But it was already too late, she was sealed within the ice like an insect in an amber.


 The ice continued spreading towards Fang Yuan.


 "Bai Ning Bing? Bai Ning Bing!" Fang Yuan worriedly shouted, but there was no response from Bai Ning Bing.


 Her body had almost become one with ice and her whole face had started turning indistinct. Her crystal like eyes no longer shone and had thoroughly dimmed.


 "Damn it!" Fang Yuan cursed, standing up and sending the Yang Gu towards Bai Ning Bing.


 But halfway, the Yang Gu made a u-turn, and returned to Fang Yuan’s right hand.


 At the same time, the cloud smoke turned into a Gu worm, landing on Fang Yuan’s left hand.


 This Gu was like a peanut shell, golden and dazzling, the markings on the surface resembles bright red blood traces.


 Earlier, the fake second aperture Gu could only live for a week, and was not stable. But this new Gu could survive for forty years!


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed, using liquid metal Gu and blocking the frost.


 Then he said to Bai Ning Bing: "Bai Ning Bing, have you acted enough?"


 The frost came to a stop.


 Fang Yuan laughed again, saying: "Did you have a good time cooperating with Tie clan?"


 This time, Bai Ning Bing could not longer act, she turned back into flesh body and stared at Fang Yuan with a shocked and solemn suspicion: "How did you!"


 "In Shang clan city, you purposely lost to Yan Tu, getting Doctor Su Shou’s help to remove the poison vow, and then secretly contacted Tie Ruo Nan. On San Cha mountain, you plotted together with the four old-timers... all these, did you think I was ignorant?" Fang Yuan played with the two Gu in his hands as he said.


 Bai Ning Bing landed on the ground with a dazed expression, stunned beyond words.


 "How did Fang Yuan find out all these? I was extremely secretive. This means, he was always watching coldly at my performance! Wait, I succeeded in planting the fixed star Gu though..."


 "Fang Yuan, you demon, so what if you found out! You can’t escape today, there is nowhere to run!" Tie Ruo Nan saw that the matter was exposed and quickly broke out of the ice, as the four old-timers joined her.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, raising his left arm: "You mean the fixed star Gu? What if I chop off my arm?"


 Tie clan’s four old-timers frowned deeply.


 Once Fang Yuan chopped off his arm, even if they used their killer move, they would only get his arm.


 According to their understanding of Fang Yuan, sacrificing his left forearm was nothing to this cruel and wicked person.


 "Hahaha!" Tie Ruo Nan suddenly laughed.


 She pointed at Fang Yuan, shouting: "Fang Yuan, stop trying to deceive us! So what if you saw through our scheme? The dog group outside the hall cannot block the two factions. Soon, Xiao Mang, Chou Jiu, Mo Wu Tian, Yi Huo, Yi Chong and the others would charge in, can you defend the Immortal Gu?"


 "You are a frenzied lunatic, killing so many Gu Masters and plundering their apertures to refine Gu. These crimes are unforgivable, Bai Ning Bing is the best witness! As long as we announce it to the world, you will be a wanted criminal everywhere. More importantly, your Immortal Gu is not done refining yet!"


 "Do you still have a chance of succeeding? Impossible! You have no time left, not long later, this hall will be overrun by people, where can you run to? Try flying out? Hehe, you only way out now is to surrender to our Tie clan, and contribute that half-done Immortal Gu to us, as well as surrender the old clan leader’s Gu worms, and enter the Demon Suppression Tower for reform, that’s the only way you can keep your life."



***
Chapter 404: Refining Immortal Gu again!


***





 Chapter 404: Refining Immortal Gu again!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Tie Ruo Nan took a step forward and looked with a gaze that was sharp as a knife: "Fang Yuan, you are a smart man, you should be clear of your situation!"


 "I am indeed clear of my situation." Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil: "And I am even more clear of your situation."


 His lips revealed a trace of cold smile: "Immortal Gu refinement has indeed not finished, but this has let me preserve more portions of immortal essence, enough for me to kill you all!"


 However, right at this time, Ba Gui appeared and spoke with a tearful expression: "No use, it is no use. There will be too much loss in immortal essence to kill them and the remaining amount won’t be able to support the Gu refinement. Furthermore, it is late now, there are too many holes in the blessed land and it will completely collapse and disperse into smoke not long later."


 Its biggest obsession was to complete the refinement of second aperture Gu, it did not even care about its own destruction.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had only refined to this stage and the crucial step still remained which was also the most difficult step; but the situation no longer allowed him to continue.


 "Young man, you made a grave mistake in your calculations, our Immortal Gu refinement is a failure!" The land spirit howled in grief.


 "Refining Immortal Gu? Never expected it to be so lively here." Yan Jun calmly stepped into the main hall.


 In the previous life, he had been obstructed by Feng Tian Yu, but now with no obstructions, he walked freely into the bronze hall.


 "Heheh, Fang Yuan, you are not the blessed land’s master, thus the land spirit will not completely obey your commands. Since young clan leader Yan Jun has arrived, the others also won’t be far. Today, your loss is certain." Tie Ruo Nan had some fear towards the land spirit and could only continue to engage in psychological battle.


 "No, there is still hope, the Gu refinement can’t be considered a failure." Fang Yuan suddenly smiled.


 He moved his gaze towards Bai Ning Bing.


 Bai Ning Bing’s heart tightened; if Fang Yuan used Yang Gu to force her to fight to the death, what course of path should she take?


 However, Fang Yuan’s gaze moved past Bai Ning Bing and turned towards the land spirit Ba Gui.


 This aged Ba Gui was looking awful right now after crying, appearing extremely broken-hearted.


 "Ba Gui, do you still want to refine second aperture Gu or not?" Fang Yuan transmitted his voice.


 "Could, could it be that you have some way?" Ba Gui suddenly felt a trace of hope: "That’s right, you are a reborn Gu Immortal, and with your previous life’s experience, you should have expected this situation right!"


 "No, the situation is beyond my expectations. The current me is only a mortal and I am unable to make a difference." Fang Yuan said frankly, "Ba Gui, I have failed you, the Gu refinement this time is indeed a failure."


 The land spirit started wailing even louder.


 However, Fang Yuan immediately changed the topic: "But this failure is only temporary, we can still have hope."


 The land spirit’s crying softened as it asked: "What do you mean?"


 "After you die, I will be the only person who knows the recipe. The half-finished second aperture Gu is also with me, so Ba Gui, you must protect me."


 "Of course I have to protect you! You are the only person who satisfied the requirements of the blessed land and are also a reborn Gu Immortal, there is a huge chance of the refinement of the second aperture Gu succeeding in the future even if it is a failure this time." The land spirit answered as a matter of fact.


 "Good. it is is great that you have this understanding. However, you can only protect me for a period but not forever. Not long later, you will die. With the remaining immortal essence, we also cannot completely root out all the enemies in the blessed land. Even if you transport me to the outside world, there are many groups of Gu Masters on San Cha mountain." The corner of Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a sinister smile.


 Since the rebirth this time, everything was going smoothly. As he inched closer to success, he could not help but feel a trace of excitement.


 "Then how do you want me to protect you?" The land spirit asked.


 Fang Yuan chuckled and said profoundly: "Ba Gui, do you remember the third section of the second chapter of the <>?"


 The land spirit was dazed as it guessed Fang Yuan’s meaning, it said with hesitation: "You are saying... no, that won’t work, there are two conditions that are not fulfilled. First of all, you need the light of glory of the immemorial era."


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed satisfiedly at this, he raised his hand and pointed to the top of the bronze hall and shouted, "Look, the light is here!"


 From the moment he stood up, he had inwardly asked the land spirit to share its vision, thus the situation outside was very clear to him.


 Afterward, the talk with the Tie clansmen and others were only delaying the time and waiting for a good opportunity.


 This was already the third time Fang Yuan had used Spring Autumn Cicada and by accumulating his experience, he had an even deeper understanding of rebirth.


 There was indeed a butterfly effect to the aftermath of rebirth that could cause some things to change completely. However, there was also historical inertia; many great events that occurred were conflicts that accumulated over time, they only lacked a trigger point. Even without the original trigger, a new one would always appear. This was not something a person alone could influence and change easily.


 Outside the main hall.


 Xiao Mang was getting impatient fighting with Ying Ming and flew to the sky.


 Rank four, gather light Gu.


 Rank five, extreme light Gu.


 Rank five, river under the sun Gu.


 Killer move — Torrential Light Stream!


 The river of light rolled and crashed as it poured down towards the blessed land.


 The light was blinding, and the waves were fierce, it turned the entire battlefield white, and everyone closed their eyes, unable to resist such a strong light.


 "Not good!" Tie Ruo Nan and others were in the main hall, Tie Bai Qi tried to stop it when he saw this, but the light river’s formation was already complete and he could only reduce its impact by a little.


 The grand light river was like a waterfall, crashing heavily on the bronze hall.


 The roof of the hall was immediately broken through, and the light waterfall flew towards Fang Yuan.


 "The light of glory of the immemorial era!" The land spirit cried out in shock.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly and poured his primeval essence into rank four bone wings Gu and rank five liquid metal Gu.


 A pair of long and wide black wings spread out from his back, while the liquid metal covered his whole body like paint, spreading towards the black wings and dying his whole body with dazzling golden light.


 "He, what is he doing?"


 "Fang Yuan!"


 In Tie Ruo Nan, Bai Ning Bing and the others’ astonished gazes, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and flew directly towards the river of light!


 Bam!


 There was loud buzzing in his ears and the formidable impact forced Fang Yuan backwards.


 However, he had killed many rank five Gu Masters before and obtained many movement Gu like golden aurora Gu and so on. Right now, he activated them all and flew against the flow of the waterfall, flying higher and higher.


 When he flew out of the bronze hall, it immediately attracted countless gasps and doubts.


 "What is that thing?"


 "It is flashing with golden light and looks like a large bird!"


 "No, that is a person, a warrior that has been soaked in molten gold!"


 There was only a vast sea of whiteness in Fang Yuan’s sight. His primeval essence was depleting rapidly by activating so many movement Gu and defensive Gu.


 " Time and tide wait for no man , land spirit help me, divine travel Gu!"


 Immortal Gu divine travel landed on his palm.


 "Jade sky Gu!"


 A ray of green light shot out from his aperture and landed on his hand, turning into a jade-green colored bamboo that was hollow in the middle.


 "What in the world is he trying to do? He actually faced the killer move head-on and flew up!" Tie Ruo Nan stared with wide-opened eyes, expressing her shock.


 "Did little beast king give up, and is trying to end his life?" Yan Jun’s jaws were wide open as he looked up in a daze.


 "Something’s up, I understand him! Everything Fang Yuan does has extremely deep meaning! No matter what, we can’t let him have his way, we must disrupt this!" Bai Ning Bing’s tone was hurried and for some reason, the bad feeling in her heart continued to become stronger.


 Tie Ruo Nan nodded and agreed with Bai Ning Bing’s words.


 "Four old-timers!" She shouted.


 "Understood!" The four old-timers immediately moved separately towards east, south, west and north directions; they kneeled on the ground and held their right wrist with their left hand, their right hands were spread out in a claw form and faced each other.


 Killer move — Infinite search and lock!


 Almost at the same time, Fang Yuan’s left arm shone with an eerie-blue light; one could vaguely see the fixed star Gu on it.


 This Gu was a star fragment of the immemorial era, it was like an eight-sided diamond and was crystal clear!


 At the same time, all around Fang Yuan, space tore apart and four chains appeared, moving like pythons.


 "Finally reacting at this point? Hmph, too late!" Fang Yuan gave a cold smile.


 Divine travel Gu suddenly flew and pierced into his left arm, swallowing the fixed star Gu.


 The four old timers coughed out blood as they lost the connection with the fixed star Gu.


 The four chains moving beside Fang Yuan also lost their target and flew about carelessly before they were destroyed by the river of light.


 After the divine travel Gu ate fixed star Gu, it went into the hollow jade sky Gu and rapidly formed a cocoon.


 "Huh? There is a strange person flying directly towards my killer move?!" Xiao Mang was indescribably shocked. Others often did not have enough time to dodge his killer move but now there was actually a fool who was facing it head-on!


 "Who is this guy? What is he trying to do?" Yi Huo, Yi Chong and the others stared at the sky with stupefied looks.


 "Wait a second, this scene, where did I see it before!" Li Xian frowned deeply, a ray of light flashed in his astute mind.


 "How could this be, he seems to be... refining Gu?" Feng Tian Yu looked up for a while and after seeing somewhat clearly he immediately became shocked.


 "He is actually refining Gu using the killer move, his courage knows no bounds!" Mo Wu Tian’s eyes shot out purple light that extended two inches into the air.


 That’s right, Fang Yuan was refining Gu.


 This was Fang Yuan’s plan.


 When he enslaved killer ghost doctor, it was certain the second aperture Gu’s refinement would fail.


 Because at the last step of merging with divine travel Gu, Fang Yuan was not able to accomplish it by just himself. Previously, he had the help of refinement path grandmaster Feng Tian Yu and the assistance of the land spirit, before he was able to barely finish it.


 Now, he did not have Feng Tian Yu’s help, thus this step was destined to fail!


 However, after rebirth, Fang Yuan had never truly thought of refining second aperture Gu.


 He deceived the land spirit and intentionally delayed time to create such a special situation to convince the land spirit and refine this Gu.


 Similar to the second aperture Gu, this Gu was also an Immortal Gu whose recipe was recorded in chapter two section three of <>!


 <> was the first classic of the Gu world!


 It appeared to be a story when one first read it but it actually held profound messages, recording the secrets of the ancient times and all kinds of Gu. Some Gu were directly described like wisdom Gu, strength Gu and so on. While some Gu were hidden, their descriptions were very vague, requiring the readers to dig through it and study carefully.



***
Chapter 405: Spreading my wings and flying away today, becoming an immortal and whipping the phoenix on another day!


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The light of glory of the immemorial era shone on the cocoon.


 Absorbing the glory of the immemorial era, the cocoon was undergoing a mystical change.


 Fang Yuan’s body was shining in golden brilliance, swimming up against the flow of the torrential light stream. Facing the strong killer move of a rank five Gu Master, liquid metal Gu’s defense was starting to become useless.


 The golden protection was washed away by the light eventually.


 Especially the bone wings, it slowly revealed its original black color after being washed by the torrential light stream.


 In the grand waterfall of light, a lone body was flying with great difficulty while facing great pressure.


 Such a mystical sight naturally attracted many Gu Master’s attention.


 The battlefield slowly turned silent.


 Land spirit assisted Fang Yuan fully, after the dogs lost their master, they scattered. All the Gu Masters stood on the spot, raising their heads and watching.


 In their hearts, they had one question — “This scenario, I have obviously not seen it before, yet why do I find it so familiar?” 

 “I remember, I remember now!” Suddenly, someone shouted: “This scene was recorded in the legends of Ren Zu, that’s why it is so familiar!”


 >, the number one classic in the world, spread throughout the world widely, no one was unfamiliar with it.


 Getting such a reminder, many people realized at once.


 “That’s right, this was recorded in Ren Zu’s second chapter, third section.”


 “I remember now, Verdant Great Sun flapped his wings and bathed in the light of glory in order to refine fixed immortal travel Gu, flying towards the sun.”


 People recalled, laughing immediately.


 “What is this person doing? Copying Verdant Great Sun, and disregarding his life?”


 “Haha, don’t tell me he is thinking of refining fixed immortal travel Gu?”


 “How is that possible! He has divine travel Gu?”


 Of course Fang Yuan had it!


 But divine travel Gu was not enough, it was recorded in > —


 Verdant Great Sun was afraid that divine travel Gu would send him to dangerous places while he was drunk. Divine travel Gu was ashamed because of this, thus directing him: “Go up into the sky, and in the azure heaven among the nine heavens, there is a bamboo forest. Inside the bamboo forest, pluck a jade bamboo that is jade sky in color. Next, go to blue heaven and during the night time, collect the eight-sided diamonds inside the star fragments. Next, when it is dawn, fly into the sky and use the light of glory of the rising sun to turn me into fixed immortal travel Gu. Once I become that Gu, I will no longer send you to random places when you are drunk.”


 Thus, Fang Yuan needed the a jade sky colored jade bamboo from azure heaven, and an eight-sided diamond star fragment from blue heaven.


 And also, the light of glory of the immemorial era.


 Did he have these?


 Not at first.


 But after rebirth, he killed Long Qing Tian and obtained jade sky Gu.


 This Gu was rank five and originated from the immemorial era. It was like a dark green bamboo stem, palm size and hollow in the middle, giving off a texture of jade on the surface.


 This was the azure heaven’s jade bamboo!


 > described all sorts of Gu. Immortal Gu were described as they were, like wisdom Gu and strength Gu. Mortal Gu were written more obscurely, the readers needed to look into them and researched carefully.


 But the jade sky bamboo was not enough, he needed the eight-sided diamond star fragment.


 Did he have it?


 Of course not, but Bai Ning Bing planted it on him!


 Indeed, the fixed star Gu.


 This Gu was a star fragment from the immemorial era, looking like a diamond with eight sides, it was planted on Fang Yuan’s left forearm, giving off starlight, able to project a half-transparent eerie blue light from his arm.


 So now he had the jade sky bamboo and the eight-sided diamond star fragment, but to refine fixed immortal travel Gu, Fang Yuan needed one final condition — that is what the land spirit mentioned — the light of glory of the immemorial era.


 Did Fang Yuan have this?


 From start to end, he had never obtained it.


 But Xiao Mang had it.


 Xiao Mang controlled an extreme light Gu, this Gu was obtained by robbing graves, it was an incomplete Gu. It could only be used three times every month to unleash the light of glory. Once it exceeded three times, it would self-detonate.


 And torrential light stream was a killer move that, in some aspects, replicated the light of glory.


 Divine travel Gu, jade sky Gu, fixed star Gu, as well as the light of the immemorial era, all the conditions were fulfilled!


 When Fang Yuan rebirthed and realized this, he discarded the second aperture Gu in his heart, changing his objective to refining the fixed immortal travel Gu.


 But it was impossible to convince the land spirit.


 The land spirit’s obsession was to refine second aperture Gu.


 Thus, Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan, and the righteous demonic factions became Fang Yuan’s tools!


 He calculated meticulously in his heart, controlling the flow of events as he swayed them in his favor, causing this result. When the land spirit realized that no matter what, the second aperture Gu would not be refined successfully, it would change its goal to protecting Fang Yuan, as that is the only way hope remains.


 The cocoon absorbed the sunlight, trembling slightly as the aura of an Immortal Gu leaked out uncontrollably.


 Everyone was flabbergasted.


 “Such an aura, how is this possible?!” Tie Ruo Nan, Bai Ning Bing and the others were staring with their eyes popping out.


 “He is refining Gu, he is really refining an Immortal Gu?! Who is he? Is he the reincarnation of Verdant Great Sun?” Yi Huo, Yi Chong, and the others were staring with their jaws dropping.


 “Fixed immortal travel! Is he really refining fixed immortal travel Gu? To think that I, Feng Tian Yu, would get the see the birth of an Immortal Gu!” This refinement master kneeled on the ground emotionally, tears overflowing on his face.


 In the blessed land, the few remaining hairy men all kneeled down.


 This moment, they were idolizing this person refining an Immortal Gu!


 Unbelievable.


 An event of the immemorial era was unfolding before them…


 An unimaginable grandness and beauty caused many Gu Masters’ bodies to shook. Was it excitement, fear, or both?


 At once, Fang Yuan’s figure was the center of everyone’s attention.


 No matter how glaring the torrential light stream was, everyone’s eyes were wide open, staring without blinking.


 The Immortal Gu’s aura became more intense, but at this crucial moment, something happened.


 “Trying to use my power to refine an Immortal Gu? Hmph!” Xiao Mang was no fool, after realizing this, he immediately stopped his killer move.


 The torrential light stream ended!


 Everyone gasped loudly.


 “NOOOO!” Feng Tian Yu screamed, his heart pained as he showed grief and despair.


 In his vision, the torrential light stream was like a cut ribbon, flowing down weakly, with just three breath’s time, the Gu Master in the light waterfall would be freed. Such a short time was not enough to birth an Immortal Gu.


 But why would Fang Yuan not anticipate this?


 Third watch Gu! Third watch Gu!


 He activated two third watch Gu targeting the cocoon.


 At once, time accelerated by nine times, as the Immortal Gu’s aura surged!


 “He used two time path Gu worms to accelerate time?” Feng Tian Yu got up like he was jolted with lightning, his eyes glowing as his face turned red, there was still hope? 

 But immediately, his red face turned pale, as Feng Tian Yu plopped on the ground with a dejected expression, crying: “It is useless, the acceleration is only a temporary measure, if the Immortal Gu is created too quickly, it will not be able to stabilize its aura, and will be destroyed through self-detonation…”


 But was Fang Yuan ignorant about this?


 He took out a Gu worm.


 This Gu had an plain appearance, like a grey stone disc.


 In his previous life, he obtained it from Feng Tian Yu, this time, he got it from killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.


 What Gu?


 Undefeated hundred battles!


 Undefeated hundred battles Gu!, rank five expenditure Gu, once used, it allowed a Gu Master’s refinement to succeed for sure!


 The next moment, Feng Tian Yu was stunned, grabbing his head and screaming in great joy: “How can this be!”


 Because he felt the Immortal Gu’s aura stabilizing like a miracle!


 The cocoon broke open, and a green butterfly flew out — fixed immortal travel Gu!


 “It truly is an Immortal Gu!”


 “Beautiful beyond words…”


 “Who in the world is he, he actually refined an Immortal Gu?!”


 At once, everyone’s hearts were pounding, regardless of whether they were aware or unaware of the circumstances, they were speechless and shocked to their limits.


 Xiao Mang was stupefied, Mo Wu Tian was in a daze.


 “Is this the re-enactment of a legend?”


 “What era am I living in?!”


 Fang Yuan flew out of the light waterfall, as fixed immortal travel Gu flew around him. Each time it flapped its wings, green light flickered like pollen, it was a beautiful sight.


 Of course, Fang Yuan paid a huge price.


 A rank five killer move was not a joke, liquid metal Gu died, golden aurora Gu and the others were greatly damaged. The black wings on his back were torn and tattered.


 As the liquid metal faded, Fang Yuan’s identity was revealed.


 At once, a commotion burst out.


 “Who is he?” Mo Wu Tian’s pupils shrunk.


 “It, it’s him, little beast king!” Hu Mei Er and Li Xian were shocked.


 “It’s him!” Yi Huo’s eyes were popping out.


 “It is actually him?!” Jiao Huang and Meng Tu looked at each other, trembling, feeling each other’s shock, after-fear, and joy. They had the guts to assassinate such a strong foe? A man who can refine an Immortal Gu?!


 “Fang Yuan…” Bai Ning Bing, Tie Ruo Nan and the others who knew the situation witnessed this miracle with their own eyes, watching like a still statue.


 Hundreds of thousands of years ago, during the immemorial era, Verdant Great Sun flapped his wings, refining an fixed immortal travel Gu.


 But now, Fang Yuan was doing the same, using his mortal body to accomplish such a grand feat under everyone’s observation.


 Once this matter spread, his name would be renowned throughout the continent, shocking the whole southern border.


 “You really succeeded in refining fixed immortal travel Gu, incredible! As expected of a future Gu Immortal.” Fang Yuan could hear land spirit’s praise and sigh.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Fixed immortal travel Gu can allow a Gu Master to roam the world, going anywhere he wanted. But it is still an Immortal Gu, your help is needed, to activate it using immortal essence.”


 Ba Gui: “Of course. There is still some immortal essence left in the cauldron, recall in your mind where you want to go, you should choose a safe place. Remember, the image in your head has to be the same as the real place, there cannot be too big of a difference.”


 “I understand that.”


 Ba Gui sighed, speaking wholeheartedly: “Using the fixed immortal travel would allow you to escape this predicament, but without immortal essence, the blessed land will be destroyed immediately. Death is a relief for me. I just wish you would succeed in refining second aperture Gu in the future, and do not waste this opportunity. Before we part, do you have anything to say to me?”


 Fang Yuan opened his mouth, but no words came out.


 He moved his tattered black wings, flying in the sky and looking around.


 The torn bronze hall, the mound battlefield overflowing with blood, and the ruined Gu Immortal blessed land…


 Goodbye, Bai Ning Bing.


 Goodbye, Tie Ruo Nan.


 Goodbye, Southern Border.


 The land spirit did not know that Fang Yuan was about to take a an even greater risk. But life was a gamble, if one did not gamble when they had the chance, when would they succeed?


 If man did not have aspirations as grand as heaven, they would be letting down their eight feet body! 1 

 Thinking like this, Fang Yuan felt great ambition and aspiration, his heart boiling with anticipation. Standing before everyone, he felt an urge and expressed it as a poem.


 The people present heard him recite —


 Since ancient times land immortal pass with the wind, today three kings return to eternal slumber. 

 Who would not experience failure? Verdant Sun died regretfully. Start over again and proclaim oneself as King. 

 The carp swims up the heavenly waterfall, travelling alone in the desolate lands and defying heaven. 

 Spreading my wings and flying away today, becoming an immortal and whipping the phoenix on another day! 

 As he said so, Fang Yuan laughed loudly.


 Everyone was speechless.


 Only the land spirit shouted: “Grand aspirations, I will send you on your journey!”


 Immortal essence entered the fixed immortal travel Gu, and jade light flashed, as Fang Yuan vanished from the air.


 Only his clothes were left, floating in the air like a kite with its strings cut.


 “He vanished!”


 “He used the fixed immortal travel Gu, I wonder where he went.”


 “Ah! Why is heaven and earth shaking?”


 Everyone was stunned.


 At this time, intense winds blew as mountains broke, the world was collapsing. Loopholes after loopholes were formed, connecting to the outside world.


 “Damn it, escape quickly.”


 “The blessed land is collapsing, the winds of assimilation is coming!”


 “If we do not escape now, we will die, I do not want to die!”


 The experts were frightened and shocked, frantically escaping as San Cha mountain went into chaos once again.


 …


 Central Continent, Tian Ti mountain.


 In Hu Immortal blessed land, on Dang Hun mountain, the battle for Hu Immortal blessed land was reaching its end.


 “Fang Zheng, hang in there, victory is within reach!” Lord Sky Crane encouraged.


 The skin on Fang Zheng’s arms and legs were torn, as blood flowed down.


 He surpassed Ying Sheng Ji, Xiao Qi Xing, his body was numb from pain, and his brain was unable to think, there was only Dang Hun mountain left in his mind.


 Being the first to ascend, he only had one thought left in his mind.


 “I am the great Feng Jin Huang, how can I lose here? I have never lost since I was born, this time is no exception! Come out, dream wings!”


 Feng Jin Huang shouted, and a beautiful pair of wings grew from her shoulders.


 This pair of wings was extremely elegant and beautiful, all sorts of lights shone on it, it was dazzling and alluring, with just one flap, Feng Jin Huang ascended easily.


 “What?”


 “This is…”


 “The legendary Immortal Gu — Dream Wings!”


 The nine Gu Immortals were shocked.


 Most Immortal Gu could only be used with immortal essence. But dreams wings were different, it used the Gu Master’s spirit and soul instead.


 Feng Jin Huang was only a mortal, activating the dream wings forcefully would cause severe damage to her soul, amnesia at best, becoming retarded at worst.


 But Feng Jin Huang was competitive, she wanted victory, willing to pay any price!


 Under Fang Zheng, stunned gaze, she overtook him, taking back her head.


 The dream wings were folded back as Feng Jin Huang stood at the side of the cliff, breathing heavily, she felt a strong dizziness from the depths of her soul, almost causing her to faint.


 She reached her limits.


 Forcefully activating an Immortal Gu, it was not easy for Feng Jin Huang to reach this step.


 “I actually lost!” Fang Zheng stared with wide opened eyes, dejected and upset.


 Feng Jin Huang’s arms were already at the edge of the peak, she was one step away!


 “I, I am about… to win!”


 At this moment, Feng Jin Huang forced herself to raise her head, using the last bit of strength she had.


 Her eyes were glowing like amber, her beautiful appearance and her snow-white long neck, was shining like jade in the blessed land’s pink light.


 She was like a young phoenix, expanding its wings for the first time.


 Brilliant and glorious!


 At once, even Gu Immortals were dazed.


 Fang Zheng raised his head to look at her, as Hu Immortal land spirit stared at her in a daze, everyone was waiting for Feng Jin Huang’s victory.


 Feng Jin Huang did not let everyone down, she bit her lips, placing her arms at the edge of the cliff.


 Next, she used her remaining strength to drag her body up as well. But at this moment!


 Swoosh! 

 Jade light flashed, and a man appeared on the mountain peak.


 This man was completely naked, his left forearm had a hole as blood flowed out of it. His youthful body, was strong and muscular, giving off the aura of a veteran expert who had undergone countless battles.


 “Brother?!” Fang Zheng was shocked, slipping and falling down the cliff.


 The ten Gu Immortals were shocked. Who, who is this naked man?!


 Feng Jin Huang raised her snow-white neck, looking at Fang Yuan from his feet, stunned and watching with her eyes wide open like a statue.


 Fang Yuan’s body was muscular, the giant monster on his lower body entered Feng Jin Huang’s vision without any doubt.


 “I really came here? Tsk, fixed immortal travel Gu has such a weakness, it cannot transport clothes along with me. But thankfully, I placed my Gu worms inside my aperture, and brought them along.


 Fang Yuan looked around, realizing his situation.


 “Eh? Isn’t this person below me Feng Jin Huang?”


 It seems > gave an accurate time. He was a step before her, this competition did not ban Immortal Gu worms, according to the rules, he was Hu Immortal blessed land’s owner!


 “I succeeded, all my risks paid off. So what if I failed to refine second aperture Gu? Now I have something better, the entire Hu Immortal blessed land, and fixed immortal travel Gu! Hahahahaha…” Fang Yuan laughed crazily in his heart.


 “Unfortunately, she has the Immortal Gu dream wings, I can’t kill her yet.” Fang Yuan looked at Feng Jin Huang regretfully, before raising his right foot.


 Under the ten Gu Immortal’s supervision, his right foot landed on Feng Jin Huang’s face, as a jade-like feeling could be felt on his feet.


 “Scram.” Fang Yuan pushed, and kicked the weak and dazed Feng Jin Huang down.


 Feng Jin Huang was already out of strength, how could she resist Fang Yuan’s kick, she immediately descended.


 Fang Yuan turned around, facing the land spirit.


 “Little Hu Immortal, aren’t you calling me you master?”


 “Ma… master…” The little girl stared at Fang Yuan, shocked.


 After she reacted, she used her small tender hands to cover her large crystal clear eyes.


 Next, she lowered her head, her face red with shame, as she stomped her foot, shaking her head, saying meekly: “Master, aren’t you shameful, you are so old already, quickly wear some clothes!”



***
Chapter 406: Feng Jiu Ge


***





 Chapter 406: Feng Jiu Ge


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Nine days later.


 Atop of a lush green mountain valley, a small waterfall flowed downwards like a strip of silvery silk.


 The waterfall’s stream flowed into an ancient lake. The ancient lake was deep and dark jade in color, with ripples on the surface of the water.


 In the pond, all kinds of carp were swimming about.


 On the top of a white rock beside the water, Feng Jin Huang sat with her eyes closed.


 Her face, bright and beautiful, was reflected in the water, causing this ancient lake to gain a brilliant elegance. The colorful carps in the water, the clear pool water, the silvery waterfall, and the green valley all complimented each other.


 However, Feng Jin Huang’s pretty brows were deeply scrunched.


 Although she has tried her best to calm down, every time she closed her eyes for more than thirty breaths, an image flashed in her mind from the depths of her heart.


 On an illustrious pink crystal mountain peak, a naked man looked down at her with his black eerie pupils.


 She was sprawling on the edge of the cliff, and when she looked up, she saw everything on the man’s body.


 His bleeding left arm with a bloody hole, his strong muscles, his broad chest, and the massive thing between his legs... the image was engraved into her heart.


 The memory was so vivid that the events of that day could never be forgotten by this proud woman.


 Especially since afterwards, the man stretched out his right foot and stepped on her face!


 Feng Jin Huang wanted to forget the feeling of being trampled on her face, yet the feeling was so vivid that she could clearly recall it even now.


 "Forget it, Forget him! Keep a peace of mind, peace, peace of mind, calm down..." Feng Jin Huang breathed more and more rapidly.


 Her breathing became heavier, and her chest moved rapidly as a result, and was becoming faster.


 In her heart, shame, humiliation, and hatred mixed together, turning into a volcano.


 "How dare he? He dared to do that to me! Ahhh!" Feng Jin Huang could not bear it anymore, and suddenly opened her phoenix eyes and stood up abruptly, raising her head and screaming.


 Boom!


 The volcano in her heart erupted, filling her chest with anger, almost melting her entire body!


 "You are a despicable and shameless man, you dared to step on my face. I want to tear you to pieces!" Feng Jin Huang roared, her eyes glowing with fire as she punched randomly.


 Bam Bam Bam Bam...


 The loud smashing sound, like the sound of thunder, erupted continuously.


 Feng Jin Huang’s eyes exuded fire, the beautiful flames evaporated the ancient lake and burnt the green hills around her. She punched without a target, as her frenzied barrage sent the surrounding mountain rocks flying, as the ground cracked!


 After almost a few short breaths, Feng Jin Huang completely decimated the valley. Such terrifying battle strength, even if ten Fang Yuan attacked together, he could not reach such a power level.


 "Ahhhhhhh!"


 "This scoundrel!!!"


 "I want rend your flesh, limb by limb! I want to step on your bones and crush them into pieces! I’ll make you suffer for seven days and seven nights!"


 "I swear, I’ll make you to suffer endless pain, I want you to die and regret everything you have done to me. Then, I’ll turn you into ashes and scatter you into the wind!"


 Feng Jin Huang bellowed without stopping, the anger in her chest making her lose all rationality.


 ...


 A few hundred miles away, there were grass cottages built on a mountain peak.


 Through the window of the cottage, a pair of beautiful eyes stared at Feng Jin Huang, looking worried.


 "Oh, my little Feng Er..." Inside the cottage, a beauty was dressed in white silk adorned with a green belt. She was dignified and elegant, bearing a resemblance to Feng Jin Huang.


 She was the biological mother of Feng Jin Huang, Fairy Bai Qing, a rank six Gu Immortal!


 "Stop looking. You have already watched her for seven or eight times the during the last ten minutes. The jade sea tide tea that I carefully brewed for you is getting cold by now, go sit down and drink it." Feng Jiu Ge sat by her side, helplessly saying.


 "Drink, drink, drink, all you care about is drinking tea. Is Feng Jin Huang even your daughter? As her father, aren’t you worried at all?" Bai Qing turned around, her brows were wrinkled and her tone was resentful.


 "Sigh! Our daughter, Feng Er, had always been competitive since she was a child. Her talent was excellent, and no one was her match in her sect, but suddenly she stumbled and lost. Hu Immortal Inheritance was the first failure of her life, but it is also the most important. You are her father, but you’re actually still in the mood to drink tea here?"


 "Nevermind the failure, what’s more important is, Feng-Er suffered such a huge loss! She actually got trampled by someone! Think about it, Feng Er is proud and had never paid attention to any man her age. Yet she was beaten in such a way, with someone’s foot on her face, and for the first time, saw a similar aged man’s body. This, this..."


 The more Fairy Bai Qing talked, the more anxious she grew, and her eyes slowly turned red.


 Feng Jiu Ge looked at her and immediately got up, getting to her side, holding her in his arms. He frantically comforted her: "Don’t cry, don’t cry my Qing Er. Isn’t your husband still here? In fact, in my opinion, this event was not without benefits."


 "Oh? What good is there?" Bai Qing casted a doubtful gaze at him.


 "Sigh, Feng Er is our pride and joy, I’m proud of her yet also worried. She’s too competitive and always wants to get first place. Yes, her talent is higher than mine, and she also has great comprehension abilities, but so what if her talent is higher, is it higher than all the heroes in the world? No matter how good her talent is, can it compare to Desolate Ancient Moon?" Feng Jiu explained in earnest.


 "The great Desolate Ancient Moon, daughter of Ren Zu, failed countless times. Feng Er had always experienced success and victory but had never understood the taste of failure. This is one of her defects, and also her weakness."


 "Qing Er, you are a rank six Gu Immortal, and I am a rank seven Gu Immortal, but even if it was a rank nine Immortal Venerable or Demon Venerable, they can only live long, but not forever. We are able to protect Feng Er now, but one day we will leave her. By that time, she will only be able to rely on herself. Experiencing this failure will help her mature."


 "Birds leave the nest and fly alone. After they withstand setbacks, they can train their wings and fight in the sky. In the future, when Feng Er leaves us, we can be relieved."


 "Feng Er is my baby, I would love nothing more than to protect her inside the blessed land forever..." Fairy Bai Qing leaned on Feng Jiu Ge’s chest as she wiped her tears.


 She sighed and said: "Sigh, you are right, Feng Er will leave us one day, we should let her train more. But this is too much, she had lost too much this time. Hu Immortal Inheritance was lost, she was even bullied by that Immortal Crane Sect lad, are you as her father not going to do anything about it?"


 "Hmph." Feng Jiu snorted, squinting as his eyes shone with a cold light: "Immortal Crane Sect went too far indeed, even though they had promised to compensate us and the other eight major sects. But Feng Er is my daughter, how she can experience such bullying? I have already written a letter and it has been sent to them. If this He Feng Yang does not know what’s good for him, I will go to their sect to find him and settle the score!"


 Fairy Bai Qing’s heart eased, it turns out that her husband had already acted. But immediately, Bai Qing was nervous and looked at her husband: "Husband, don’t be rash, don’t make a huge commotion. Back when you attacked the top ten sects, Immortal Crane Sect was also one of the victims. They know that you’re the strongest, but don’t do this kind of thing again."


 "I know, I know. Haha, you can be at ease." Feng Jiu Ge calmed his wife lying in his arms, his eyes subconsciously squinting as he snorted in his heart: "Out of the top ten sects in central continent now, none are worthy of facing off against me."


 ...


 South of the Central Continent, thirty thousand feet above the mountains.


 In the sky, Fei He mountain was floating among a sea of clouds, looking magnificent and grand.


 Trees were swaying on the mountain as ten thousand cranes flew by, giving off a living atmosphere of an Immortal’s residence.


 Currently, in Shang Qing pavilion at the top of the mountain, it was a heavy and grim atmosphere.


 "Feng Jiu Ge has gone too far!" The supreme first elder was staring furiously, his hands clutching a thin letter as he trembled with anger.


 With a bang, he slammed the letter on the white jade stone table.


 In the letter, Feng Jie Ge listed several overbearing demands. But despite so, supreme first elder did not dare to destroy or burn this letter.


 This letter was shining with an azure green color, it was the transformation of the rank five letter sending green bird Gu. Once destroyed, Feng Jiu Ge would sense it, if he became furious, the situation would become troublesome.


 This guy, Feng Jiu Ge, was born into the demonic path. In the past, he obtained a rare opportunity and cultivated painstakingly, soundlessly reaching rank six Gu Immortal realm. Once he came out, he amazed the world as he challenged all the heroes in the world, and no one could stop him. The ten sects sent people to challenge him, but they all lost terribly, forced to join forces to resist him.


 Feng Jiu Ge, was not afraid, fighting as he travelled for over ten million miles, suddenly changing his tactic and going for the yellow dragon, causing the ten sects to lose miserably. The scene was total chaos and there was nothing anyone could do.


 Fortunately, Fairy Bai Qing from Spirit Affinity House moved him with true love, finally reforming this demonic head.


 "Back in the day, Feng Jiu Ge used his rank six cultivation and caused a commotion among the ten sects, it was unimaginable. Now, he has rank seven cultivation and has Spirit Affinity House, one of the ten sects backing him. This person has the demeanour of a heavenly immortal, although his requests are slightly overbearing, we can agree to it." Supreme second elder took out the letter, reading it and said with a calm tone.


 "He Feng Yang, how can there be such a huge mistake in this matter you were in charge of? That Fang Yuan is not our disciple at all, what motives do you have, defending him like this?" A thunderous voice echoed in Shang Qing pavilion, causing the windows to vibrate.


 The person speaking was Lei Tan, rank six Gu Immortal, and was at loggerheads with He Feng Yang.


 Places with people have conflict, Immortal Crane Sect also has their conflicts and competition among factions.


 At once, all the gazes fell on He Feng Yang.


 He Feng Yang was like a young man, gentle like jade. A pair of jade colored brows extended to his waist.


 His expression was calm, looking around slowly, then laughed and said: "This Fang Yuan is indeed not our disciple, but his brother Fang Zheng is one of us, the leader of the elite disciples of this generation."


 Lei Tan snickered: "A tiny elite disciple’s relative, he is worth our backing, the entire Immortal Crane Sect?! He Feng Yang, do you know how much compensation we will have to give to the nine sects for this Fang Yuan?"


 "Of course I know." He Feng Yang glanced at Lei Tan, laughing in disdain: "But these things, even if you multiply it by three, can’t compare to a Hu Immortal blessed land. Not to mention a fixed immortal travel Gu?"


 At once, many of the supreme elders understood.


 "He Feng Yang! What are you trying to say?" Lei Tan frowned, asking impatiently.



***
Chapter 407: Immortal Crane Sect’s objective


***





 Chapter 407: Immortal Crane Sect’s objective


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 He Feng Yang only smiled without replying Lei Tan’s question.


 It was supreme third elder who laughed and replied: "I understand Elder Feng Yang’s intention. If we didn’t choose to shield this Fang Yuan, Hu Immortal blessed land would still be up for grabs for the ten sects. However, by admitting that Fang Yuan is a member of our Immortal Crane Sect, we have eliminated the other nine opponents, letting only our Immortal Crane Sect seize control of this blessed land."


 Lei Tan’s gaze flickered and his expression slightly changed, but he no longer asked any questions.


 At this moment, He Feng Yang stood up from his seat.


 He first cupped his fists towards supreme third elder who explaining the reason: "Third elder is wise! Things happened too suddenly, who could have thought a mortal would use the Immortal Gu fixed immortal travel to appear the peak of Dang Hun mountain and inherit Hu Immortal blessed land in front of everyone."


 "This Hu Immortal inheritance is at Tian Ti mountain. Everyone might know Tian Ti mountain is the stairs that connects to the heavenly court. Even though it was destroyed and had been abandoned for many years, it still represents the might of the heavenly court. In a way, attacking Hu Immortal blessed land is attacking Tian Ti mountain; and attacking Tian Ti mountain is attacking the heavenly court."


 "Thus, although there are many blessed lands on Tian Ti mountain, there has never been anyone who had the courage to attack it. Even this time, we waited for Hu Immortal blessed land to open before we ten Gu Immortals joined forces to enlarge the passage, with no intention of attacking."


 "Even if we really attacked Hu Immortal blessed land, the blessed land has a land spirit which would require at least three rank six Gu Immortals to join hands and even then they might not succeed. Moreover, the control area of the blessed land is being protected by Dang Hun mountain. Without five or six Gu Immortals cooperating earnestly, who would dare to say they can climb to the peak? Lei Tan, can you?"


 Lei Tan snorted, he wanted to retort but kept quiet in the end.


 In blessed lands, the land spirit could freely mobilize all the resources and their battle prowess could be compared to a Gu Immortal. The most important thing was that the land spirit could suppress rank one to rank five Gu worms.


 If a Gu Immortal wanted to attack the blessed land, their most powerful weapon would be Immortal Gu because land spirits could not restrict Immortal Gu.


 However, Immortal Gu were hard to find and many Gu Immortals did not even have one Immortal Gu. Even if they had, it might not necessarily be suited to attack.


 This was the classic situation of low offense but high defense.


 If they were set on attacking the blessed land, it would often require the cooperation of several Gu Immortals to create a numerical advantage, and then competing through the expenditure of immortal essence. Once the blessed land’s immortal essence was exhausted, they could start their attack.


 However in truth, unless it was some special situation, Gu Immortals rarely attacked blessed lands.


 Because it was really not worth it.


 Not only was immortal essence precious and hard to accumulate, there was also the danger of the blessed land self-destructing.


 In the case where the land spirit could not defend and chose to destroy the blessed land, the winds of assimilation would blow over and destroy everything, causing the attackers to have no gains.


 When Gu Immortals attacked blessed lands, they would often gain nothing and instead suffer heavy losses. Unless it was a matter of deep hatred, nobody would agree to do such a transaction that only created loss.


 Seeing that Lei Tan was keeping quiet, He Feng Yang continued: "That Fang Yuan ascended to the peak and got the inheritance, immediately commanding the land spirit to close the blessed land. Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng looks almost the same, the Gu Immortals of the other nine sects realized this and subconsciously thought this was our Immortal Crane Sect’s hidden move and questioned me one after another. At that time, I thought that if I were to say the truth, the Hu Immortal Inheritance’s belonging would be undecided once again as the ten sects would still compete and fight over it. Thus, I acknowledged it, and even if we had to pay such a price for it, we have eliminated the other nine great sects from the competition. Like this, we can secretly strategize about Hu Immortal blessed land without worrying about other forces."


 He Feng Yang explained the whole story, Lei Tan snorted and asked: "There is a big problem in this plan! Hu Immortal blessed land is on Tian Ti mountain and is also closed now, without attacking and creating a loophole, how can we enter?"


 He Feng Yang laughed, it seems he already predicted this: "How could I not have any plans? Blessed lands face calamities and tribulations; Hu Immortal died during the fifth earthly calamity. I have already calculated the time, Hu Immortal blessed land will face the sixth earthly calamity in a year and three months’ time. Fang Yuan is only a mortal, how could he know how to resist the earthly calamity? Even with the help of the land spirit, without a sect’s support, the blessed land will suffer heavy damage at that time and a loophole will appear."


 Lei Tan scoffed: "Even if there is a loophole, do you dare to attack? Didn’t you say just before that Hu Immortal inheritance is on Tian Ti mountain!"


 He Feng Yang instantly replied: "Forcefully attacking is a terrible move and we will only use it if all else fails. That Fang Yuan is only a mortal, as long as a loophole appears and we use some plans and schemes, is there a worry of failing to capture him? Hehe, once the earth calamity passes, he will definitely start worrying and thirst for external help. I have already planned it, first we use Fang Zheng and use the kinship to move and persuade him into cooperating for some transactions. As we make more transactions, his guard against us will naturally loosen, and using logic to persuade him, we might just convince him to join Immortal Crane Sect!"


 "If he keeps on being stubborn, we can use some secret methods. Slavery Gu is one good method. There aren’t many ways to deal with the land spirit, but there are plenty of ways to deal with a mortal like him. If we can obtain fixed immortal travel Gu like this, then it is no doubt the perfect outcome."


 The elders present felt a rush of excitement at the mention of fixed immortal travel Gu. Many began to whisper and discuss with each other; the outcome He Feng Yang portrayed was truly beautiful. Most importantly, his plan had a chance of success.


 Lei Tan could feel the change in the atmosphere as he sat down in anger: "You speak nice words, let’s hope it goes our way."


 Supreme third elder mumbled: "Besides special Gu like dream wings Gu that needs to be activated using the soul, most of the other Immortal Gu need immortal essence to activate, and this fixed immortal travel Gu is not an exception. This Fang Yuan has fixed immortal travel Gu and with the help of land spirit to use the blessed land’s immortal essence, he can escape any time he wishes. We need to be very careful to deal with him. Furthermore, there is one point to note, he is but a mortal yet he possesses an Immortal Gu, he should have a rather deep background."


 He Feng Yang nodded: "Junior has already thought of this point. Back then, when I claimed Fang Yuan was our sect’s disciple, I checked the reactions of the other nine sects. It seems that not one of the Central Continent’s nine sects are behind him. I am guessing, since Fang Yuan came from Southern Border, he is very likely to have a super clan of Southern Border behind him. But be it Wu clan, Shang clan, Tie clan, Yi clan or other super clans, they are all situated far at Southern Border and cannot help him here. If they were to enter Central Continent, their battle strength would be suppressed. Our Immortal Crane Sect is one of the ten great sects of Central Continent, we have a huge chance of winning against them."


 All the elders nodded at these words and started another round of soft discussions.


 "Indeed, a mighty dragon cannot suppress the local snake."


 "Central continent is our Immortal Crane Sect’s territory!"


 "If they were to make a move, hmph."


 "Even if their battle prowess was not suppressed, our Immortal Crane Sect is still stronger than any super groups of the four other regions by a mile."


 Third elder’s furrowed brows relaxed: "There is one doubt remaining. To use fixed immortal travel Gu, the user needs to have a vivid memory and clear understanding of the terrain he teleports to. Fang Yuan is only a mortal from the far away Southern Border, how could he know the scenery in Hu Immortal blessed land? And how could his timing be so precise? Could it be, Hu Immortal had once set an inheritance in Southern Border? Or it could be one of the tricks of Tian Ti mountain’s demonic path Gu Immortals?"


 He Feng Yang bowed: "Junior is also not clear about this. This matter is strange, originally, there was only a clue about the blood sea inheritance. At that time, one of our sect disciples defected and fled to Southern Border. A few years ago, I sent Lord Sky Crane to Southern Border to clean up and trash and bring back the inheritance. But Lord Sky Crane failed and instead it was Fang Yuan who obtained the inheritance, gaining blood skull Gu. This kid is very ruthless and sinister, unexpectedly killing all his clansmen on the spot and used blood skull Gu to raise his aptitude. Lord Sky Crane was unresigned and brought back Fang Zheng for future plans to retrieve the Gu.


 He Feng Yang naturally had never have expected a nobody to so outrageously disrupt his plan back then, causing such a huge problem for him.


 This was a weird feeling.


 It was as if person was walking on the road, when suddenly a small ant jumped on their nose and started scratching it.


 Where did this ant come from? Such guts!


 The person could just crush it with their finger but because of the peculiar situation, they were not able to catch the ant and could only let this ant feel triumphant for the time being.


 "Not this blood sea inheritance again..." Hearing He Feng Yang narrate the whole story, the elders present frowned, their heart turned irritated.


 Blood Sea inheritance came from a big shot of the demonic path, Blood Sea Ancestor.


 He killed people like cutting grass and his infamy had gone down in history. With the might of a rank seven Gu Immortal, he had unexpectedly set up hundreds of thousands of inheritance sites that spread over Central Continent, Southern Border, Northern Plains, Western Desert and Eastern Sea.


 Before his death, he had laughed and proclaimed: "Blood path is not lonely, my mark will remain for all eternity!


 Now, just like he proclaimed, countless mortals had benefitted. Blood sea inheritance was already proclaimed as the most popular inheritance with the greatest number in the world. There was no competition! Countless righteous path figures were getting headaches because of it.


 "Didn’t that Xue Tu who was only a butcher, become a famous demonic cultivator after obtaining blood sea inheritance?"


 "Years ago, Myriad Dragon Dock’s Song Zi Xing obtained one of the true blood sea inheritances and defected his sect, causing great humiliation to our ten great sects. Now, he is already a rank seven Gu Immortal with the title ’Blood Dragon’. To kill this defector and wipe away their humiliation, Myriad Dragon Dock dispatched eight Gu Immortals - five rank six and three rank seven. The result was he killed four of them, crippled three of them and beat one into retreating!"


 "It is said that Blood Sea has nine true inheritances. They are: blood skull Gu, blood handprint Gu, blood qi Gu, blood sweat Gu, menses blood Gu, blood shadow Gu, blood battle Gu, as well as the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat and finally, the rank six Immortal Gu blood deity. He was truly someone who achieved great success in blood path..."


 "Speaking of which, four true inheritances of the Blood Sea Ancestor had already shown up. One is blood skull Gu which is with Fang Yuan. Another is blood handprint Gu which is with Southern Border’s current Shang clan leader. Violent blood dragon bat is with Song Zi Xing."


 "It is said that Shang clan leader has already obtained the second blood sea inheritance..."


 "That is only an unconfirmed rumor, there is no evidence to conclude it."


 The elders whispered to one another.


 "Alright, there is no need to talk about blood sea true inheritance. It is like searching for a needle in a haystack, all kinds of rumors are increasing day by day. My ears are already getting callus from hearing them." Supreme Grand Elder waved his hand and immediately put a stop to the discussion.


 He turned his gaze towards He Feng Yang: "Elder He Feng Yang, since you brought up this method, then you shall be in charge of it. If you are able to seize the blessed land and establish your merit, the sect will not be stingy in rewarding you."


 "Junior understands!" He Feng Yang accepted the order with a smile.


 Seeing He Feng Yang gain such a lucrative task, Lei Tan felt stifled, but since it was Supreme Grand Elder who said so, he could only hide his hatred inside.


 However, Supreme Grand Elder added: "Since you are in charge of it, then Elder Feng Yang, you should hand over your one’s own way Gu, right? In Feng Jiu Ge’s demand, he had asked for an Immortal Gu. You are the person in charge of this matter, so you should be the one to settle this."


 Lei Tan was immediately joyous.


 He Feng Yang could only accept the order with a bitter smile.



***
Chapter 408: Fang Yuan regains consciousness


***





 Chapter 408: Fang Yuan regains consciousness


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.


 All he saw before him was a blur pink color, as his vision gradually returned, he saw a thin silk curtain.


 A light wind blew, the chimes rang, the light pink curtain slowly swayed, making it feel like a dream or illusion.


 Fang Yuan slowly got up from his bed.


 This round bed was extremely large, forty to fifty people could fit on it.


 A silk blanket that was red on the bottom with golden rims was covering his body.


 Fang Yuan looked around and found himself in a large bedroom.


 There was a stove beside the bed, burning some incense. There was a fragrance that arouses people’s feelings in the air.


 This room was made with golden brick walls, silver bricks were used on the ground. Beside the bed, the corners of the room, tables and chairs, dressing table, all of them had large amounts of pearls, agate, diamonds and all sorts of precious gems.


 The room was grand and elegant, luxurious and glorious, the affluence of the previous owner was emanating in the room.


 This was Hu Immortal’s Dang Hun Palace.


 "It is a gentle home." Fang Yuan commented lightly, getting down from his bed.


 His body shook uncontrollably, as his brain was still dizzy.


 Fang Yuan did not find it strange, instead he understood clearly — this was because he had forced himself too much back on San Cha mountain.


 Bai Ning Bing’s betrayal, the pressure from the two factions, and he even had to scheme against the land spirit. First refining second aperture, then refine the fixed immortal travel Gu in the torrential light stream. The entire process was accompanied by the mental pressure of taking a risky gamble. To Fang Yuan, be it his body or mind, they had reached their limits.


 When he used the fixed immortal travel Gu to arrive at Dang Hun Mountain, Feng Jin Huang and Fang Zheng were at their limits, but so was he.


 Compared to them, Fang Yuan’s mental pressure was greater. Spring Autumn Cicada could no longer be used, and he had snatched the Hu Immortal Inheritance right in front of the ten sects’ Gu Immortals, he was trying to pull the teeth out of a tiger , like playing with fire, it was an extremely dangerous move!


 Fang Yuan was the first to ascend the mountain, and the land spirit chased the other competitors away. After Fang Yuan officially became the blessed land’s owner, he ordered the land spirit to close the entire blessed land.


 After instructing the land spirit with a few key points, Fang Yuan relaxed at a safe area, falling asleep instantly.


 "Just how long did I sleep..." Fang Yuan shook his head, he still felt extremely tired, there was a sense of weakness coming from his soul.


 At the same time, his ears were buzzing, as his brain could not think as quickly as normal. It was difficult to process questions in his head.


 "Oh no, I injured my soul." Fang Yuan’s heart sank, sensing his condition was not looking good.


 The main reason was became of the Immortal Gu refinement.


 Were Immortal Gu so easily to refine? Many Gu Immortals would suffer a backlash when making a mistake while attempting to do so, injured at best, death at worst.


 Fang Yuan used a mortal’s body to refine an Immortal Gu. The main reason was because the recipe was good, originating from Ren Zu’s tales. Secondly, the materials used were appropriate, focused on the divine travel Gu, looking from another angle, it was simply converting divine travel Gu into fixed immortal travel Gu.


 It was not like in Fang Yuan’s previous life, where he used a large number of mortal Gu to refine the Immortal Gu Spring Autumn Cicada. Turning from mortal to immortal, the difficulty was a hundred fold.


 "Even so, the foundation of my soul was too weak and got injured. But thankfully, this is Dang Hun mountain..." Thinking so, Fang Yuan’s expression turned solemn, as he said lightly: "Where is the land spirit?"


 Swoosh, Hu Immortal land spirit appeared before him.


 "Master, you are finally awake." Hu Immortal lowered her head, her face was red as she looked at her feet, speaking in a meek tone.


 She had the appearance of a five to six year old girl, she was cute and young. With a colorful dress, and a snow-white fox tail behind her, swaying to express her unease.


 "Master, when you were sleeping, I acted on my own accord and healed the injury on your left arm. I wanted to bring you clothes but what we have here are not your size." Hu Immortal land spirit reported.


 The clothes she mentioned was Hu Immortal’s clothing, they were women’s clothing, of course Fang Yuan could not fit in them.


 Fang Yuan frowned: "Clothing is not important, how long have I slept? During this period, did any strong enemies attack the blessed land?"


 Hu Immortal’s eyes were large and shining, blinking: "Master, during the seven days you were asleep, nobody attacked."


 "Oh?" Fang Yuan’s eyes shone.


 He did not know that Immortal Crane Sect’s He Feng Yang defended him, blocking the assault of the other nine sects.


 But he understood somewhat why no Gu Immortals attacked the blessed land.


 Hu Immortal blessed land was not like the three kings blessed land on San Cha mountain.


 This blessed land was still very young, it had a land spirit and ample immortal essence storage, and even Dang Hun mountain as the core protection of the blessed land.


 These three elements made Hu Immortal blessed land as secure as a fortress, most Gu Immortals had no way to force their way in.


 How hard was it to attack this blessed land, Fang Yuan knew most clearly!


 Five hundred years into his past life, he allied with almost ten demonic Gu Immortals, invading this place. Eventually, he had a narrow victory, only he and Song Zhong were left.


 Song Zhong was the son of Song Zi Xing, a rising star of the demonic path, he has not been born yet.


 "Back then, I was already a senior of the demonic path. Song Zhong inherited his father’s inheritance, gaining great strength and was able to fight with me for tens of rounds without a winner emerging, causing him to rise to fame from that battle."


 Thinking of his past life, being used as a stepping stone for this junior Song Zhong, Fang Yuan snickered continuously.


 "Everything’s changed now. I’ll find a chance to kill Song Zi Xing, hehe, let’s see how you’ll come into this world."


 Song Zi Xing had one part of the blood sea inheritance, it was the ancient desolate beast violent blood dragon bat. This dragon bat is not a Gu worm, it can be captured and taken away.


 "With the violent blood dragon bat, I will gain an endless number of blood bats. Manipulating blood bats was one of my greatest skill in my previous life. Of course, that is a plan for the future. Now, I have to rely on this blessed land to cultivate quickly, getting back to my Gu Immortal stage!"


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan thought of an important question: "Land spirit, how long more till the next earthly calamity?"


 "Master, I was about to inform you if you did not ask me. Right now, the blessed land has already endured five earthly calamities, the sixth is a year and three months away." Hu Immortal’s voice was filled with anxiety and worry.


 "What? A year and three months!" Fang Yuan jumped up from his bed, unable to sit any longer, his face turning grim.


 Everything exists in balance, heaven is impartial. Strength comes with weakness, blessing comes with calamities. Blessed lands have calamities and tribulations, an earthly calamity every ten years, and a heavenly tribulation every hundred years.


 Not mentioning the heavenly tribulation but just the earthly calamity; once it occurs, the might is overwhelming, often causing great disasters, if the blessed land cannot endure it, they will face destruction.


 Fang Yuan had a blessed land in his previous life, he was extremely clear of the danger of his current situation!


 To a blessed land, every earthly calamity is a strict test. Earthly calamities get stronger than the one before, Hu Immortal died in the fifth, and Fang Yuan was about to face the even stronger sixth calamity.


 "There are only a year and three months left to the earthly calamity. Why was it not mentioned in Feng Jin Huang’s biography? That’s right, she is a disciple of Spirit Affinity House, her parents are both Gu Immortals, with their help, it is not hard to block the earthly calamity. But to me, this is a grave situation!"


 The sixth calamity is coming too quickly, even with Fang Yuan’s experience, he would not have time to make ample preparations.


 Other than that, he still had to guard against external enemies.


 "Under everyone’s watchful eye, I snatched Hu Immortal blessed land, although the tens sects have not made a move, they are surely waiting to pounce on me. I understand now, the ten sects are waiting for the earthly calamity, and want to make use of it?"


 Once the earthly calamity descends, the land spirit will have to face it with everything she had, she would not have time to take care of this master. Fang Yuan was still rank four upper stage, he was easy to target. Once he dies, the blessed land would be ownerless, and the land spirit will have to find a new master.


 If the earthly calamity causes a huge loophole, Gu Masters outside would be able to enter at will. If the ten sects find trouble then, it would add on to his problems, and the situation would certainly turn deadly.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, because his soul was injured, it caused his head to hurt.


 He rearranged his scattered thoughts, and breathed out deeply, deciding: "I’ll take a look at the situation, make the best preparations for this earthly calamity. If I fail, I will give up the blessed land and order it to self-destruct, not giving the righteous path any resources for free, then escape using fixed immortal travel Gu."


 Although the blessed land was good, how could it compare to his safety?


 With such a thought, Fang Yuan called the land spirit to bring him outside, he needed to know more about the blessed land now.


 "Yes." Land spirit nodded obediently, but hesitantly added: "Master, you do not like clothes? Actually, wearing nice clothing would make one feel more energised, and you will feel happier too."


 Fang Yuan: "..."


 The dresses in Dang Hun palace was not for Fang Yuan to wear. But he had stored some spare clothing inside the tusita flower.


 After changing into a black robe, Fang Yuan followed the land spirit, going up on the stairs and reaching the mountain peak.


 Dang Hun montain’s winds were very strong.


 But land spirit waved her hand, and it turned into a soothing breeze.


 "Master, this blessed land has 4000km2 of land. The flow of time is five times. The 4000km2 of land is mostly grassland, the grass is made up of blue degree grass, water chestnut grass, and six divine grass primarily, there are also seven treasure flowers and milk tea flowers etc."


 The land spirit introduced as she drew a virtual image, floating in the air for Fang Yuan to see.


 In the image, there was a classic grassland, with all sorts of colors, like a grass carpet right before him.


 The blue and poisonous blue degree grass, the chestnut shaped water chestnut grass, six divine grass which looked like six thin leaves with the feeling of jade. And also the seven colored seven treasure flower, the cup shaped milk tea flower filled with nectar that were like milk tea.


 With these seven as the main, there were also a lot of weed and wild flowers.


 Fang Yuan looked as he nodded.


 Do not look down on these grass and flowers, they are cultivation resources.


 These seven types of grass and flowers were Gu refinement ingredients. Some of the flowers and grass even has wild Gu worms. With 4000km2 worth of land, compared to Earth, that was one and a half Hong Kong added together. How many Gu would there be in total?


 These wild Gu worms were extremely easy to catch. With just a command from Fang Yuan, the land spirit would be able to capture them intact and hand it over to Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 409: Managing the Blessed Land


***





 Chapter 409: Managing the Blessed Land


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan asked: "Then how many Gu are there in the blessed land now?"


 The Hu Immortal land spirit raised her head by a bit: "At present, there are over eight hundred and sixty thousand rank one Gu, with about fifty-two types of them. Over a hundred and thirty thousand rank two Gu, with forty-eight types. Five thousand rank three Gu, with twelve types. Only over sixty rank four Gu, with eight types. And only one rank five Gu - fox skin Gu."


 After Hu Immortal died, her obsession did not disappear and combined with this land’s heavenly power to form into an unusual existence known as the land spirit. In some way, it could be said to be a continuation of her life.


 Thus, the land spirit was the representative of this blessed land and was clear about everything in the blessed land.


 As Fang Yuan had become the master of the blessed land now, everything in the blessed land was his.


 Over eight hundred and sixty thousand rank one Gu, hundred and thirty thousand rank two Gu; these two combined meant nearly a million Gu worms!


 Fang Yuan recalled the time in Qing Mao mountain, those days where he had to scheme and fight for two to three rank one and rank two Gu.


 A blessed land could only be created by a Gu Immortal, it was the foundation of their wealth, a heavenly estate. Just this Hu Immortal Blessed Land alone could supply for a super clan. There would not be any problem to put five or six small-mid sized clans like Gu Yue clan here!


 As for the Gu worms in the blessed land, their quantity sharply decreased at rank three. Rank four Gu worms did not reach hundred and there was only one rank five Gu.


 This situation was also natural.


 It was the same with Gu Masters.


 Rank one and rank two Gu Masters were extremely common, rank three were already rare, rank four were even fewer, and only one or two rank five Gu Masters might appear among a million people.


 This was a pyramid distribution; the quantity reduces the higher you go, and the ones who occupied the top were extremely few in numbers.


 "This blessed land is still young and with appropriate managing, the quantity of the Gu worms will still increase. Reaching ten million rank one and two Gu will not be difficult. But whether I can raise them properly or not, it depends on the types and quantity of the rank four and rank five Gu." Fang Yuan calculated.


 Mortal Gu Masters would usually only raise five or six Gu, while Gu Immortals could raise a million or even ten million Gu worms. The difference between the two is as far as the clouds were from the mud.


 These Gu being raised in Hu Immortal blessed land could only be considered passable.


 On one hand, the numbers were little, being only about a million. On another hand, the Gu were not elites. From the introduction Fang Yuan got, they were all ordinary Gu. If they were changed to Gu like liquor worm or breath concealment Gu, their value would be much higher.


 Even the rank five fox skin Gu was an extremely common defensive Gu; it was effective against wind and water path Gu worms, but was difficult to use in complex battlefield. Fang Yuan did not even take a look at it.


 The thing that really moved him was the time in the blessed land.


 Time flowed five times faster in Hu Immortal blessed land. That is to say, one day in the outside world would mean five days here.


 This meant Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed would be five times faster in the blessed land! He could cultivate for a year and three months here when only three months would have passed in the outside world.


 With this, Fang Yuan’s cultivation speed would surpass most Gu Masters and he would have greater initiative for his future plans.


 Naturally, there was a huge disadvantage to this. Fang Yuan’s lifespan was only about a hundred years, thus with this, he would age five times faster as well.


 The land spirit continued with the introduction: "At present, there are about a thousand groups of fox living here; red fox, golden fox, cloud fox, wind fox, autumn fox, flowing light fox, and so on. The three largest groups of foxes each has about eight hundred thousand foxes. Altogether, there are about four million and seven hundred thousand foxes."


 Fang Yuan quietly listened to it and nodded his head.


 Three groups of myriad foxes meant three myriad beast kings. The development of the beasts in the blessed land had still not reached a level of creating a beast emperor.


 The classification of beasts was simple. From low to high, they were hundred beast king, thousand beast king, myriad beast king and beast emperor.


 For example, Ba Huang and Ying Ming of three kings inheritance were two beast emperors with battle strength that could match rank five Gu Masters; they were able to temporarily obstruct Mo Wu Tian and Xiao Mang’s advance.


 "There are a lot of fox groups, but unfortunately they are all common foxes and not mutated beasts." Fang Yuan inwardly evaluated.


 Ordinary beast’s worth naturally could not compare with mutated beasts. Examples would be comparing boar and thunder boar; green bull and kunlun bull; wild dog and lion mastiff.


 Above the mutated beasts were desolate beasts; above desolate beasts were ancient desolate beasts and immemorial desolate beasts.


 Song Zi Xing’s violent blood dragon bat was an ancient desolate beast, one of the nine true inheritances of Ancestor Blood Sea. Immemorial desolate beasts were recorded in <>, an example would be the nine-tailed fox.


 "Raising a nine-tailed fox in Hu Immortal blessed land is but a dream. Even raising an ancient desolate beast is impossible. If it is ordinary desolate beasts like hurricane fox or phoenix wings fox, raising one or two of them could be feasible but it would greatly depend on luck." Fang Yuan continued to consider.


 Since he had obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, his plans after rebirth had reached a whole new level, thus he had to revise and modify them.


 At this time, Jia clan’s internal strife should have already stirred like a wildfire and he would not be able to participate in it. He also could not participate in the great battle of Yi Tian mountain. Fang Yuan intended to make full use of this Hu Immortal blessed land and cultivate to the realm of Gu Immortal. This meant that he not only had to resist the continuous earthly calamities but also had to manage the blessed land.


 Currently, the Gu worms were barely passable and the foxes might be ordinary but they had the potential to grow.


 "Actually, there were a lot more fox groups in the blessed land. At least, three times more than the present. But the second earthly calamity caused a meteor fire rain that smashed the blessed land’s east area into ruins, burning hundreds of thousands of foxes to death; the dark flames of that time have not been extinguished even now. The fourth earthly calamity was a huge flood that submerged most of the grassland of the blessed land’s northern area, killing many more foxes. Thus, there are only this many remaining at present." The land spirit pursed her pink lips, her eyes revealing fear and panic as she talked about the earth calamity.


 At the same time, she waved her small hand and smoke flew to the air, showing the scenes of the eastern and northern parts of the blessed land.


 Fang Yuan could see: The eastern part was a scene of ruin with dust and smoke pervading the whole place. There were meteoric craters all over the place, and black flames were burning around the craters. The flames burned without emitting the least bit of sound, but this manifested an even more terrifying aura.


 And the northern part was a scene of vast clear water. Dark clouds rumbled in the air and rain fell endlessly. The surging water emitted bleak and gloomy sound. There were bits of grass and destroyed flowers, along with fox corpses floating on the water.


 "These are the dark flame meteor and clouded white sea calamities." Seeing such a bleak scene, Fang Yuan could not help feeling gloomy.


 The might of an earthly calamity was extremely strong, moreover there were countless types of calamity, and were simply impossible to plan against.


 Every ten years, the earthly calamity would pose a destructive threat towards the blessed land. Hu Immortal defended for five times before losing her life. And the devastation the previous earthly calamities left were still there and had not been cured.


 This was a really bad news to Fang Yuan.


 Hu Immortal Blessed Land has an area of 4000km2, but northern and eastern areas were gone, causing the loss of over 1300km2 of area. Such loss was truly disastrous.


 "I must settle these two problems. Apart from anything else, a lot of Immortal Essence will be used in order to suppress the burning black flames and the spreading flood." Fang Yuan mumbled in a soft voice.


 However, following immediately, Hu Immortal land spirit mentioned an even worse news.


 "Master, the biggest trouble is here. Look, this is what was left from the fifth earthly calamity." She waved her hand and the image changed to show a different scene.


 Fang Yuan saw a scene of scorched black prairie, and a human figure formed from blue lightning was sitting cross-legged on the ground.


 It’s physique was not big and looked quite alluring, however it was formed purely from lightning. The glorious blue light let out an extremely terrifying might!


 "Human shaped lightning, this is the earth calamity — blue charm lightning shadow!" Fang Yuan drew in a cold breath.


 This human shaped lightning was one of the earth calamities; it was extremely strong and could match a rank six Gu Immortal!


 Fang Yuan looked at this scene and immediately realized the killer that killed Hu Immortal was probably this blue charm lightning shadow!


 Hu Immortal was an enslavement path Gu Master who controlled fox groups. Enslavement path was strong but also weak, and could very easily be subdued by beheading the leader tactics. Although there were many fox groups, they could not obstruct blue charm lightning shadow. In the end, Hu Immortal had to fight the lightning figure in close combat and lost her life.


 "Damn it, how could there be this lightning shadow in this blessed land?" Fang Yuan’s expression turned extremely unsightly.


 He had ways to slowly settle the previous two troubles. However, this human shaped lightning was already beyond his current ability.


 "Master, you need to be careful when you roam around later, this human shaped lightning strolls randomly around the blessed land. Only Dang Hun Mountain, it dares not approach." The land spirit’s pink and delicate face was bathed in the image of the blue lightning, her voice slightly shaky.


 "This lightning is an earth calamity but is also a type of living thing. Since it is a living thing, it has a soul and thus if it approaches Dang Hun Mountain, its soul will receive shockwaves until it turns to ashes." Fang Yuan had already settled his mind now.


 "Maybe I can use Dang Hun Mountain to settle this lightning shadow? But how can I lure it?" Fang Yuan’s thoughts took a turn, however the next instant the buzzing noise echoed in his ears again.


 He shook his head and did not continue thinking.


 "Are there any other bad news, tell them all at once." He gave a bitter smile and asked the land spirit.


 The situation was much worse than what he imagined. Hu Immortal blessed land was in imminent crisis; whether it was the internal worries or external aggression, they were both very grave.


 As for Feng Jin Huang - with Gu Immortal parents and also the help of Spirit Affinity House - she naturally did not need to worry about these things.


 But Fang Yuan was just a lone force.


 Naturally, there were benefits that only a lone force could have. In the biography of Feng Jin Huang, it was recorded Feng Jin Huang had to offer a large amount of resources to her sect after obtaining the blessed land.


 The land spirit shook her small head. She had already reported the worst situations, remaining were all good news.


 First of all, in the southern area of the blessed land lived a tribe of rockmen.


 Rockman was a type of variant humans who lived underground and ate ore as food.


 This news was an unexpected surprise to Fang Yuan.


 Secondly, there was abundant immortal essence in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The land spirit brought Fang Yuan to the palace in Dang Hun Mountain. In the deepest parts of the palace was an enormous golden bowl which was filled with green immortal essence.


 Besides the green liquid in the bowl, most of the Immortal Essence had automatically congealed into a ball. At first glance, it looked like a grape.


 This was something only rank six Gu Immortals had — green grape immortal essence!


 Each green grape immortal essence pearl contained immortal essence that was much more than the immortal essence in the three kings blessed land.


 "With this immortal essence, there is still quite a bit of hope!" Fang Yuan finally breathed in relief.



***
Chapter 410: Dang Hun Mountain’s Gutstone


***





 Chapter 410: Dang Hun Mountain’s Gutstone


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan counted, the golden bowl had seventy-eight pieces of green grape immortal essence. Adding in the layer of blue-green immortal liquid essence at the bottom of the bowl, it amounted to seventy-eight pieces and a half.


 There was ample immortal essence, a hundred times that of the three kings blessed land.


 Fang Yuan took out one bead of green grape immortal essence, holding it in his hand, willing and summoning fixed immortal travel Gu.


 Fixed immortal travel Gu was like jade, a meticulously crafted butterfly, it was brilliant and elegant, flying over smoothly.


 Fang Yuan’s face paled as his body shook, cold sweat emerging on his body as his vision turned dark. If he was not holding onto the golden railing at the side, he would have fallen.


 "Master, be careful. Your soul injury was severe, do not summon an Immortal Gu so carelessly, otherwise you would fall into another coma." Little Hu Immortal shouted, her tone anxious and her expression concerned.


 "No worry, I know." Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, waving his hand as he spread his palm for fixed immortal travel Gu to land.


 fixed immortal travel Gu sensed the green grape immortal essence’s aura and fluttered its wings, gliding in the air and landing in Fang Yuan’s palm.


 Next, it laid down on the green grape immortal essence and slowly consumed it.


 Fixed immortal travel’s name contained an "immortal" word, that was not for show. Its food was immortal essence.


 A moment later, one green grape immortal essence was expended.


 Gu Masters refine Gu, use Gu, and nurture Gu. After Fang Yuan succeeded in its refinement, he had not fed the fixed immortal travel Gu yet.


 He slept for seven days and seven nights, the fixed immortal travel Gu was starving and its lustrous wings had dimmed.


 This was Fang Yuan’s first feeding session for it.


 After fixed immortal travel Gu had its fill, it spread its wings and flew in the air. The bright green light appeared again, like dust particles in the air, every time it flapped its wings, it would be a beautiful light show. The unique aura of an Immortal Gu continued to radiate.


 "Immortal Gu are expensive to feed, fixed immortal travel Gu consumes an entire piece of immortal essence every time! But after this, I would not need to feed it for six years."


 The higher the rank of the Gu worm, the heavier the cost to feed it, but the interval between each feeding session would increase greatly as well.


 Rank one and two Gu worms needed to be fed every few days. Rank four were fed one a few months. Rank five were fed every one or two years, and each time they ate, it would be extremely expensive.


 Aftering feeding fixed immortal travel Gu, Fang Yuan left it alone to roam Dang Hun palace, as long as it did not leave Dang Hun mountain and get killed by that lightning shadow.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan’s aperture was still rank four upper stage, it could not contain a perfectly healthy Immortal Gu.


 The reason he could keep Spring Autumn Cicada was because it was too weak. Other than that, it was also his vital Gu.


 Problems are classified into important and trivial, after understanding his situation, Fang Yuan confirmed that he was safe for the time being. After settling fixed immortal travel Gu’s matter, he had to fix his soul’s injury next.


 "Let’s go, little Hu Immortal, go find the gutstones with me."


 "Yes!" Land spirit answered quickly: "Master, you should’ve done this long ago, come with me."


 Little Hu Immortal brought Fang Yuan to Dang Hun mountain.


 The two moved on the uneven mountain rocks, Fang Yuan’s body was swaying, causing the land spirit to feel worried: "Master, shall I teleport you over?"


 "Teleport for what? We have to save immortal essence!" Fang Yuan stared with wide eyes.


 Little Hu Immortal stuck out her tongue, frightened by Fang Yuan’s words, thinking: This master is so domineering, even if he is injured, he is still so scary.


 "Master, there is a gutstone here." After walking for a while, land spirit stopped and pointed at a rock below her feet, shouting.


 This stone was like a person’s gallstone, it grew on the mountain rocks, having mixed colors. If one did not look properly, they would think it was an ordinary stone.


 Fang Yuan quickly walked over, squatting down and smashing this gutstone with his hand.


 Once the stone shattered, a Gu flew out and turned into a grey eerie light, entering Fang Yuan’s body.


 Fang Yuan felt his brain turning clear, a new type of strength had entered his soul, and the buzzing in his ears had lessened.


 Dang Hun mountain could shook souls, it was the death grounds of all living beings. It was only because of the land spirit’s suppression that Fang Yuan could move around with ease.


 But Dang Hun mountain was not a simple death ground.


 The souls of living beings break into pieces on the mountain, scattering and fusing with the mountain. As time passes, gutstones are formed.


 And in some gutstones, guts Gu are found, it could strengthen a person’s soul.


 This is like how the resting place of a poisonous snake has the herbs to create an antidote. All living beings compete, and the world is fair; where there is life, there is death.


 Dang Hun mountain might look like an absolute death ground, but a chance of survival was hidden in it.


 But this guts Gu can only exist for an instant, after that, it would either disperse or be broken down by Dang Hun mountain again. Although the land spirit can suppress the mountain, the gutstones cannot be moved, they can only be used on the spot. Thus, Fang Yuan had to go there himself and walk around Dang Hun mountain.


 After being rejuvenated by this guts Gu, Fang Yuan was like a thirsty traveller in the desert getting a mouthful of fresh water.


 He continued on his way, and with this land spirit acting as a dutiful guide, they found another dozen gutstones, smashing them open one by one.


 Thus, Fang Yuan gained another eight guts Gu to replenish his soul. Not only did his injuries heal completely, it even improved compared to before.


 "Hahaha, with this Dang Hun mountain, I have a mountain of gutstones. As long as I continue to consume guts Gu, one day, the foundation of my soul will reach a stage where no one has ever gotten to!"


 Standing at the mountain waist, Fang Yuan became spirited as he laughed loudly.


 Hu Immortal was a lucky person, because of an opportunity, she managed to obtain Dang Hun mountain, like she won lottery, and moved it into her blessed land.


 But she was an extremely unlucky person, dying during the fifth earthly calamity.


 "If it was not for the blue charm lightning shadow, she would eventually become the strongest enslavement path expert! Unfortunately, Hu Immortal only had Dang Hun mountain, but did not manage to use it for herself. But fortunately, this Dang Hun mountain is mine now!"


 The most valuable part of Hu Immortal blessed land was this Dang Hun mountain!


 Of course, the soul could not be strengthened endlessly with guts Gu. Once the soul was not concentrated enough, using large numbers of guts Gu would cause it to over-inflate and trigger a certain-death disaster.


 But Fang Yuan had his five hundred years of experience, all his ups and downs after rebirth, constantly struggling at death’s door, his soul was already tempered like steel!


 Keeping calm at the face of death, a heart of ice at impending doom.


 To Fang Yuan, a few hundred guts Gu was no problem at all.


 There were a lot of benefits and implications in having a strong soul foundation. Be it refining Gu or enslaving beasts, it would make it much easier. Other than these, once the soul becomes stronger, Fang Yuan would not have to worry about killer moves like Mo Wu Tian’s purple eyes.


 Dang Hun mountain is a forbidden ground, first appearing in <>.


 Legend says that Verdant Great Sun flew towards the sky, and ended plunging to his death.


 Ren Zu, as his father, was extremely upset after receiving the news, finding wisdom Gu for an explanation.


 It was wisdom Gu who taught Verdant Great Sun to drink, causing the series of events thereafter.


 Wisdom Gu quickly said: "Ren Zu, oh Ren Zu, don’t find trouble with me. Although your son died, it is not impossible to revive him. As long as you enter the door of life and death, and lead him towards the road of life, walking under the sunlight, he would be revived.


 Ren Zu was shocked, before becoming overjoyed, and then extremely furious.


 He grabbed wisdom Gu and questioned: "Wisdom Gu, oh wisdom Gu, do you still think I am that ignorant boy from before? The door of life and death is a dangerous place, once I enter I will never be able to leave. After harming my son, you want to kill me too?"


 Wisdom Gu quickly said: "Other living beings do not know the secret of the door of life and death, thus they cannot leave. But I can teach you all of these secrets."


 "You are a living person, to enter the door of life and death, you have to enter from the road of death. This road is extraordinary, it was the road left behind by destiny Gu when it left fairness Gu. The road left behind was called path of destiny. There are many suffering Gu inside the path of life, you have to enter from the road of death, and you need to own courage Gu. That way, you will not fear the torture of suffering."


 "When you enter the door of life and death, and see fairness Gu, you are already dead. But at the same time, you will see your eldest son, Verdant Great Sun’s soul. You will bring him away, and go out from another road, the road of life. Road of life was the path treaded on by destiny Gu when it visited fairness Gu, it is also called the path of destiny."


 "But during this path, you will meet three obstacles. One is Dang Hun mountain, another is called Luo Po valley, and lastly the reverse flow river. To climb past Dang Hun mountain, you have to smash the gutstones on it, and obtain guts Gu’s help. To get past Luo Po valley, you need to find faith Gu to help. To get through the reverse flow river, you have to move forward continuously, not stopping for even a second during the process."


 Ren Zu heard wisdom Gu’s words and let it go.


 He quickly found faith Gu.


 Ever since he became blind, faith Gu’s light was the only light he could see.


 "Oh Ren Zu, I can feel your determination in getting back your eldest son. I am willing to help you, but I urge you not to give up on this goal. Because when you give up, I will leave you for good." Faith Gu said with concern.


 Ren Zu found courage Gu next.


 Courage Gu and hope Gu were good companions.


 Ren Zu had hope Gu, and thus saw courage Gu occasionally, he had a decent relationship with it.


 After getting courage Gu’s help, Ren Zu came to the door of life and death, entering the road of death.


 The road of death was pure darkness, the large number of suffering Gu were like yellow fireflies, swarming towards Ren Zu. At this time, courage Gu shone brightly, chasing away the suffering Gu for Ren Zu.


 Courage was needed to face death.


 Ren Zu succeeded in going down, his body turned whiter as it turned hollow, gradually turning into a ghost.


 He could "see" again.


 When he got to the end of the road, amidst the calm darkness, he saw fairness Gu.


 He was extremely shocked by fairness Gu’s huge body, exclaiming: "You are fairness Gu? Why is your body so huge? A mountain is a speck of dust compared to you. The sea is like a droplet compared to you."


 Fairness Gu’s voice was grand: "Life and death are the greatest fairness in this world, when I am inside the door of life and death, my body will become enormous. Oh Ren Zu, you are here for your son right. Feel free to go, he is right there."



***
Chapter 411: Great Future Plans


***





 Chapter 411: Great Future Plans


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Ren Zu was overjoyed upon seeing his son and ran towards him.


 Verdant Great Sun had turned into a white ghost and was lying beside a lake, scooping out the water with a bowl and drinking it.


 The water was like wine with its fragrance pervading the area.


 Verdant Great Sun drank it with utmost satisfaction.


 "My son, don’t drink anymore. Come, let’s go back." Ren Zu walked towards Verdant Great Sun and shouted.


 "Esteemed father, how did you come here? This is great, let’s drink together." Verdant Great Sun opened his hazy eyes and looked at Ren Zu.


 Ren Zu seized the wine bowl from him and said with exasperation: "Don’t drink anymore, you only know how to drink wine! Everyone knows there is a bewitching lake in the land of the dead, and its water is the bewitching soup. When ghosts drink it, they become muddle-headed and lose the desire to leave."


 Verdant Great Sun, however, refuted: "Father, you are wrong. This is not the bewitching soup, it is the soul calming wine. It can calm down your soul and remove all the impurities; your soul will no longer be restless and you will experience utmost tranquility in your heart. This is one of the best quality wines in this world."


 "I don’t care what wine it is, you have to follow me back." Ren Zu pulled Verdant Great Sun’s hand, but found Verdant Great Sun was as heavy as a mountain and could not be budged.


 Verdant Great Sun shook his head: "Some people, upon death, will be as heavy as a mountain. Some people, upon death, will be light as a feather. Father, I had reputation Gu in my life and died after bathing in the light of glory. When I arrived here, my body had become heavier than a mountain, I cannot even walk a single step and can only lie down here."


 "What!" Ren Zu immediately felt gloomy and anxiously shouted, "I told you before, a tall tree attracts the wind, reputation is not always a good thing. Throw away the reputation Gu."


 Verdant Great Sun shook his head and sighed: "We were not born with fame and fortune, we also cannot take them with us after death. After I died, reputation Gu left me. It is fixed immortal travel Gu that has accompanied me."


 Fixed immortal travel Gu could bring Verdant Great Sun’s soul out of the door of life and death or even bring him to any place in the outside world.


 However, Verdant Great Sun could only truly resurrect after walking through the path of life.


 "What do we do now..." Ren Zu realized he had been played by wisdom Gu. Although he had arrived at the deepest part of the door of life and death — a death domain that had endless darkness, and has also found Verdant Great Sun, he discovered he could not bring back his son.


 At this moment, fairness Gu spoke: "Oh Ren Zu, do you still not understand? There are only two paths in door of life and death, both appeared because of destiny Gu. Life and death is determined by destiny! All living beings live and thus die, this is the cycle that allows the universe to continue existing. Your eldest son Verdant Great Sun died, this is destiny and you should accept it. Moreover, he is living a good life here, obsession death domain is the world’s most tranquil place. He is drinking the world’s supreme quality wine and is free from all the worries of the outside world, do you know how blissful this is?"


 Ren Zu stood there and looked at his flesh and blood for a while before heaving a deep sigh.


 He knew he could not bring back his son’s soul, at least it was like that for now.


 He bid farewell to the fairness Gu and also his son, and left the obsession death domain.


 He stepped on another path this time; it was the path of life which went from darkness to light.


 However, Ren Zu soon realized walking this path was countless times more difficult than when he walked in through the path of death.


 There were many more suffering Gu on path of life than path of death. When Ren Zu had walked through the path of death, his journey became smoother along the way and the suffering Gu lesser the further he walked. But as he walked through the path of life, there was not only more suffering Gu, but every step he took would cause much more suffering Gu to fly over and obstruct him.


 Courage Gu could not resist them any longer: "Ren Zu, there are too many suffering Gu and they will continue to increase. There is peace in death, but life has endless suffering. Go to Dang Hun mountain quickly and break some gutstones. If you want to survive, just relying on courage won’t be enough, you need guts too."


 Ren Zu hurried forward to Dang Hun mountain and picked the guts Gu while enduring the tremors in his soul.


 With guts Gu’s help, his soul strengthened grealy, and although he still suffered the tremors, it was not of much worry.


 He passed through Dang Hun mountain and arrived at Luo Po valley.


 Luo Po valley was a maze with winding and twisted paths. Occasionally, there were a large area of bewilderment fog which could cause the soul to loosen; and occasionally, Luo Po wind would blow through and cut apart the soul.


 Ren Zu had fallen into the lowest part of my life and could not distinguish the directions. Because his soul was strengthened by guts Gu, it was loosening in the bewilderment fog at a slower speed. The loosened soul was cut apart by the Luo Po wind.


 Ren Zu almost completely lost his way, but fortunately at this time, faith Gu flew out and shone upon his path.


 Ren Zu was able to walk out of the Luo Po valley with only the essence of his soul remaining.


 He let out a huge breath of relief and could feel he was close to success.


 He walked to the reverse flowing river, this was the final barrier in the path of life.


 It was extremely difficult to move against the stream.


 Endless suffering pushed upon him, causing him to make very slow progress.


 However, he forcibly persevered and walked towards the light.


 "Almost there." He looked at the success that was just ahead of him, only one final step remained.


 He let out a breath of turbid air and relaxed; forgetting the warning of the wisdom Gu, he stopped.


 This brief pause caused Ren Zu to be washed away by the river.


 Life was not easy, it was like a boat moving against the flow of the river, if you do not continue moving forward, you will be pushed back.


 Ren Zu was washed away by the river into the depths of Luo Po valley, he was so tired he could not budge a bit and was trapped in the Luo Po valley.


 ...


 Fang Yuan broke the final guts stone and groaned in satisfaction.


 Right now, he felt very comfortable. The heavy injuries in his soul were already completely recovered and moreover, his soul had even strengthened by five times!


 A feeling of power burst out from the depths of his heart.


 This feeling did not come from the strengthening of his physical body but from the vigor of his spirits. Fang Yuan had a feeling he could do anything easily, whether it was analyzing problems or doing multiple tasks.


 "Unfortunately, there are only over a hundred gutstones on Dang Hun mountain and not all of them contained guts Gu." Fang Yuan felt some regret.


 When Hu Immortal obtained Dang Hun mountain, it had already changed hands several times and was completed looted.


 Hu Immortal moved it to the blessed land and managed it for decades. Almost every year, she would send large amounts of foxes to their deaths at Dang Hun mountain. Using their soul to irrigate the mountain and create gutstones.


 However, these gutstones were almost all used by the Hu Immortal. After she died, these over hundred gutstones had slowly grown over close to eight years and now were completely used by Fang Yuan.


 According to the Hu Immortal land spirit’s description, close to ten thousand foxes needed to be sacrificed to grow a guts stone. The stronger the beast kings that died, the more gutstones would be produced.


 Fang Yuan could not adopt this method.


 When the blessed land was at its prime, it was inevitable and alright for Hu Immortal to do so. However, the blessed land was very weak now and the fox groups had decreased by a large amount. Killing these fox groups was not sensible for long term prospects.


 With his soul injuries recovered, Fang Yuan started quietly thinking his future plans without relaxing the slightest bit.


 Obtaining the Hu Immortal blessed land was no doubt a huge help to his plans, but at the same time also greatly affected his plans.


 "Now, with Dang Hun mountain in my possession, my soul’s foundation can continue to strengthen. And from my previous life, I have experience and insight in controlling the blood bats, such enormous advantage should be used. Walking the enslavement path is an obvious choice now."


 "However, there is also a disadvantage in enslavement path in that the enslavement path Gu Masters can be easily assaulted and beheaded. So I cannot relax in my strength path cultivation as well!"


 With this, Fang Yuan was going to walk on both strength and enslavement paths, organizing and feeding two sets of Gu worms.


 If it was before, it would be difficult for Fang Yuan to do this. But now, with Hu Immortal blessed land, it would be no problem.


 "The perfect outcome is to refine second aperture Gu. With second aperture, I could divide the sets of enslavement and strength path into different apertures without disturbing each other. At the same time, there would be enough primeval essence to control the two sets of Gu worms."


 At that time, with a wave of his hand, a huge army of beasts and insects would cover the sky and earth, creating a river of blood in a blink of an eye, creating destruction and mayhem.


 If there was any foolish person who tried to use the tactic of beheading the leader, then Fang Yuan’s strength path cultivation would make them realize how cruel reality was and why flowers were red 1 !


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan took out the second aperture Gu from his aperture.


 This Gu was like a peanut shell, shining with golden light, the patterns on its surface were scarlet veins of blood. This was the embryo form of the second aperture Gu, formed from combining false Gu and lifespan Gu; it could survive for forty years.


 "There are enough immortal essence to truly refine the second aperture Gu, two third watch Gu can also be easily obtained, but I still require divine travel Gu." Fang Yuan pondered.


 Immortal Gu were unique, only one Immortal Gu of the same type could exist in the world. Divine travel Gu was already transformed into fixed immortal travel Gu and no longer existed now. This allowed a new divine travel Gu to appear in the world.


 Moreover, there was an extraordinary advantage of divine travel Gu - it could be easily obtained. It was not like the other Immortal Gu that were so hard to capture.


 The legends of Ren Zu had written it clearly; as long as one drank the four top quality wines of the world, divine travel Gu could condense into being in their body.


 Apart from the wine brewed by the wild beasts and those that were naturally formed, human’s brewing techniques had flourished continually, and now the amount of top quality wines were much more than the ancient times.


 Searching for the four top quality wines might be somewhat troublesome, but could be done by spending some time.


 Fang Yuan had the blessed land and the assistance of the little Hu Immortal land spirit,


 But the main problem did not lie here.


 Because divine travel Gu could be easily obtained, others could also easily take advantage of it. In case, someone else obtained divine travel Gu, no matter how much top quality wines Fang Yuan drank, he would not obtain the divine travel Gu.


 "Southern Border’s Fei clan possess a top quality wine Zhuang Si Fei. Eastern Sea’s rank seven Gu Immortal Zui Xian Weng has created a sea of wine, concealing countless wines, and holds a wine reception every year. Northern Plain’s Imperial court has the long life wine. These great forces or maybe other Gu Immortals as well could be in possession of one or two top quality wine; their chances of obtaining divine travel Gu is much greater than mine."


 With this calculation, Fang Yuan not only had to resist the earthly calamity and manage the blessed land, he also had to quickly gather the four top quality wine and refine second aperture Gu.


 "However, these are not all, the crucial point lies in Spring Autumn Cicada. Time is flowing five times faster here, Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery speed will also become extremely quick. Being able to rebirth three times is already an extremely good luck, I cannot gamble on luck the fourth time. Before Spring Autumn Cicada recovers, I need to have success at first attempt Gu, immediate success Gu, smooth success Gu or any of the others."


 Fang Yuan did not have enough strength before. Now, he had the blessed land and abundant resources, he could try to get these Gu already.



***
Chapter 412: I like your fear


***





 Chapter 412: I like your fear


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hu Immortal blessed land, southern district.


 "Yan Yong, Yan Yong, wake up quickly. Stop sleeping, you’ve slept for three years already!"


 A voice woke Yan Yong up from his sleep.


 A lump of grey stones with a mossy surface started to vibrate, as the tremors intensified, causing the dust to disperse. From the large oval stone, four limbs and a head appeared like the blossoming of a flower.


 Next, a grey rockman stood up — Yan Yong woke up from his sleep.


 "Grandpa?" Yan Yong opened his eyes, looking at the rockman who woke him up, it was his eight hundred year old grandpa, the leader of the Hui Shi tribe.


 "Grandpa, why did you wake me up, I want to sleep for another two to three years." Yan Yong sighed, begrudging.


 Rockmen loved to sleep. When they sleep, the curled into a ball, forming a large oval stone. Each sleeping session lasts seven to eight years.


 "Stop sleeping, my grandson, you are already a hundred and eighty years old. Your father died earlier, and I cannot live much longer. In a few decades, you will be our Hui Shi tribe’s new tribe leader."


 Rockmen have a long lifespan, generally a thousand years to live. Ordinary humans could barely live for a hundred years, but Yan Yong was a hundred and eighty, and had just reached adulthood.


 "Grandpa, I do not want to be tribe leader. After becoming leader, I will not have time to sleep casually anymore." Yan Yong pouted, but saw his grandpa staring angrily, and chose to shut up.


 Hui Shi tribe leader chided: "Why haven’t you grown up? You slept for so many years in vain. Quickly pack up, and clean the moss off you, pull off all the weed that had grown on you. Bring the offerings with you and go with grandpa to the ground, we have to meet the immortal, we cannot be disrespectful!"


 "Ah? It is time to pay offerings to the immortal again? But I remember there is still a year left." Yan Yong said as he plucked the weed off him.


 After sleeping for so many years, his armpits, his groin, and back all had lots of weed. Especially the black thread grass in his groin area, they were hard as steel and curly. Every time he plucked one, Yan Yong felt great pain.


 "Sigh, there is a problem this time. The immortal changed, this immortal came not too long ago, he is calling for us." Old clan leader sighed and said with worry.


 "New male immortal? I hope he is easier to speak to than that female immortal. Maybe we can discuss with him, after all, we have to contribute so much offerings every ten years, it is taxing."


 "Mm, the other tribe leaders and I also have this thought."


 ...


 On a large altar made of green rocks, Fang Yuan wore his black robe as his long black hair was let down, sitting at the main seat staring at the people below with his deep dark pupils.


 There were tens of rockmen kneeling below, among them, eight were rockmen leaders, two grey rockmen, three granite rockmen, one iron rockman, one green rockman, and one white rockman.


 At the same time, there were offerings.


 Large amounts of ore containing gold, silver, bronze, iron, as well as other gems and jewels, Gu worms etc.


 All sorts of metallic elements would grow on the rockmen’s bodies as time passed. Fang Yuan looked at these offerings, understanding at once why Dang Hun palace was built so luxuriously.


 If these were brought to Earth, they would be a huge asset, but here, their greatest use was to become Gu refinement materials.


 Hu Immortal using these things as decoration was only her womanly love for beauty. If she could choose to exchange them for primeval stones, she would trade away all these gems and jewels without a second thought.


 Among the offerings, the most valuable were Gu worms.


 But these Gu were mostly rank one rock skin Gu, rank two monolith Gu. There was only one rank three Gu, stone aperture Gu.


 Fang Yuan had once used this Gu, back then Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure on the aperture could not be relieved, thus when he was desperate, he used it.


 The rockmen were skilled at digging, they lived deep underground. Their food was dirt, and sometimes when they dig underground, they would discover Gu worms.


 "What did you say? You want to reduce the offerings?" Fang Yuan’s eyes squinted as he stood up, slowly walking down the stairs, coming towards the rockmen leaders.


 The rockmen were tall and huge, even when they kneeled on the ground, their shoulders were still higher than Fang Yuan’s head.


 "Esteemed lord immortal, our rockmen tribes have contributed so much offerings during these thirty years. During these years, the earth rumbled, the north area had floods, the east area had fires, life is difficult. These things that we managed to acquire are getting harder and harder to find. Immortal, please have mercy, and forgive our inability, reduce the offering amount by a bit." The oldest rockmen tribe leader begged.


 "That’s right, lord immortal, please reduce the offerings."


 "These years, we have been decreasing in numbers."


 "Immortal, please understand, we will never forget your kindness!"


 The other rockmen leaders started saying.


 "Reduce the offerings? Hehehe, of course you can! In fact, I can exempt you all from these offerings." Fang Yuan smiled kindly and warmly.


 The rockmen’s expression were joyous.


 "But I have a condition." Next, Fang Yuan said: "I need you all to dig a river, from the north, transport the water towards the east, to stop the fire from spreading."


 "What?!" Hearing this, the rockmen were shocked.


 Quickly, they reacted, shouting loudly.


 "Esteemed lord immortal, you cannot do this!"


 "Digging a river from scratch, this is a huge project, we rockmen need sleep. Without sufficient sleep, we will die."


 "And there is a great fire and huge amounts of water. You ask us to go dig a river, but isn’t that asking us to go die?!"


 At once, everyone flew into a rage. Many young rockmen were kneeling at one corner, but hearing this, they rushed over, staring at Fang Yuan vigilantly.


 "Master." Hu Immortal land spirit beside Fang Yuan saw this and she felt slightly worried.


 The rockmen had a stubborn nature, they had foolhardiness, emphasizing their pride and would not accede to demands. When they are rash, they would even attack Demon Venerables or Immortal Venerables, regardless of who the other party is.


 Hu Immortal was only to contain these rockmen because at the start, she had spent a lot of effort and gave them a lot of benefits.


 "Master, these rockmen do not reason with people, asking them to offer these things was already their limit..." Little Hu Immortal sent her thoughts to Fang Yuan secretly, reminding him.


 "Limit?" Fang Yuan scoffed, his mouth opening as he showed his bright white teeth, laughing ruthlessly: "You rockmen are too insolent, you dare to bargain with me? Hmph! The place you are living at is mine. The dirt you eat is mine. The spirit spring beside your tribe is also mine. You live here, you are my slave! I want to dig a new river, that is not a request, and not a transaction, it is an order!"


 The rockmen heard this and they all stood up, looking furious.


 "Immortal, you don’t know what’s good for you, you dare to look down on us rockmen!"


 "Back then when we relocated here, it was because of a female immortal. But the environment here is getting worse, who would want to stay here anymore?"


 "You want us to dig a river, that is asking us to die. Do you think we rockmen are fools?"


 "We rockmen are born from heaven and earth, we will not be your slaves. Let’s go, relocate, I’ve had enough of this shitty place!"


 The rockmen leaders shouted, falling out with Fang Yuan at once.


 The followers they brought, the young rockmen all came forward, clenching their fists as they stared at Fang Yuan with a dangerous look.


 "You want to leave? Hahaha." Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed, like he had heard the funniest joke in the world. Next, he stopped laughing, looking at these rockmen coldly, his tone was chilly: "Where do you think this is? Come and go as you please? The old rules are no more, from today onwards, I am the greatest ruler, my words are heaven’s will! You will abide by my rules, even if you don’t want to!"


 "Ahh!" Many young rockmen clenched their fists and howled.


 "Immortal, you are trying to step over my tribe’s baseline!"


 "Immortal, you might be strong, but we are not afraid."


 "We rockmen will never lower our heads to brute force, we are natural warriors, we fear no death!"


 "Only love can make us dig out our hearts. Only warmth can make us lower our backs."


 Roar!


 Fang Yuan pushed with his hand and a golden dragon flew out.


 The golden dragon roared, killing the rockman that was screaming the loudest.


 "Ah, he killed the granite rockmen’s old tribe leader!"


 "Old tribe leader is dead, we have to get revenge!!"


 "Even an immortal has to die under our tribe’s fury!"


 Granite old tribe leader’s death was like the trigger, causing the rockmen’s anger to erupt.


 The rockmen attacked Fang Yuan in waves, every step made a dent in the ground, as they gave off an impressive aura. Dozens of rockmen attacked together, giving off the disposition of a grand army of ten thousand.


 From their bodies, numerous lights shone. There were also Gu worms inhibiting these rockmen’s bodies, they were activated through their will.


 But a moment later, these lights vanished.


 Little Hu Immortal struck, sealing all the Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan snickered as he began his slaughter.


 The rockmen were not afraid of death, but their strength was inferior to fang Yuan, they were all broken down into shards, dying a pathetic death.


 But these rock fragments gathered like magnets, forming new rockmen.


 "Kill!"


 "Resist the tyranny, take revenge for father!!"


 "We are born from heaven and earth, we die due to heaven and earth, thus we have no fear!"


 Tiny rockmen charged over, and were all slaughtered by Fang Yuan.


 But these rock fragments gathered into even smaller rockmen.


 The number of these rockmen continued to shrink, but after they were formed, they charged towards Fang Yuan and shouted things like exacting revenge for their grandpa, father etc.


 This was the way the rockmen reproduced. It was a male only race, after the old rockmen dies, the soul and rocks they split into will form new rockmen, and inherit a portion of the old rockmen’s memories, or some important experiences. In some cases, old rockmen sleep too much and their soul foundation accumulates to a degree, they would split out a portion of their bodies to form new tiny rockmen.


 After Fang Yuan killed the third wave of rockmen, the world was finally silent once more.


 Only one rockman remained, lying on the ground, shivering.


 "What is your name?" Fang Yuan slowly walked towards him.


 "My... my name is Yan... Yan Yong." The young rockman stammered.


 "Do you know why I left only you alive?" Fang Yuan stood on Yan Yong’s head.


 "No... I do not know..."


 "Because you are terrified. Because I like your fear and horror towards me." Fang Yuan smiled warmly.



***
Chapter 413: A show


***





 Chapter 413: A show


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Three days later, a seriously injured Yan Yong returned to his tribe and woke up all the hibernating rockmen.


 "A male immortal is here, he is a demon, he wanted to enslave all of us!"


 "Not only this, he also wanted to take away the beautiful men of our rockmen tribe, to become his plaything."


 "We rockmen are born of nature, free and unfettered, how could we bow our backs to such lecherous authority?"


 "We resisted at the spot. The immortal was too strong, but we rockmen were not afraid of sacrificing and fought him without fearing death; finally, we injured him and beat him into retreat."


 "The other tribesmen were all sacrificed and only I was able to return. I am dying but that immortal is still alive. Before he ran away, he said he will lead his fox army and annihilate all our rockmen tribes!"


 Yan Yong weakly lamented, announcing a frightening information to his tribesmen.


 The rockmen were shocked and afraid, grieving and also furious; some declared war, some wanted revenge, some mentioned migrating and some wanted to discuss.


 They had become lost their bearings without a leader; whether it was the inheritor or the old tribe leader, they had all died at Fang Yuan’s hands. There were altogether eight tribes of rockmen and they had fallen into chaos now.


 Some rockmen wanted to get the concrete details from Yan Yong, but Yan Yong’s injuries were too severe, and after informing them of this grievous news, he lost consciousness.


 While they were still in the midst of discussing, just like Yan Yong said, waves after waves of fox groups started attacking rockmen tribes.


 The rockmen resisted with all their strength, but there were way too many fox groups; the situation was gradually turning grave, the eight tribes had no choice but to ally and retreat underground to defend themselves.


 However, the fox groups did not let them go and repeatedly attacked the underground. The fox groups paid a disastrous price every time they attacked, but they still came endlessly.


 The rockmen cursed Fang Yuan, their hatred towards him were like a inferno that could not be extinguished. The situation became worse day by day and despair spread in the hearts of the rockmen.


 However, right at this time, Yan Yong woke up.


 Rockmen could recuperate from their injuries through sleep; his injuries had healed for the most part. He immediately led the rockmen and made beautiful counterattacks.


 "We rockmen are a courageous group with no fear of death!"


 "Even the immortal cannot humiliate us!"


 Yan Yong announced to everyone and raised their morale.


 "Don’t think the immortal is strong, he is only a paper tiger and can only send these fox groups to their death, he is already injured."


 At the same time, he proclaimed the injuries of the immortal and gave hope to the rockmen.


 The despairing rockmen tightly grabbed onto this hope like it was a straw that could save them as they were drowning.


 Yan Yong changed the subject and talked about the old tribe leaders.


 "He was injured by the combined efforts of the old tribe leaders, the sacrifice of the old tribe leaders is our greatest grief."


 "Especially the old white rock tribe leader, his life ended as he was in my arms, before he died he entrusted the whole tribe to me. I looked as his soul dispersed, and felt ashamed, why wasn’t it me who died, but him!" He beat his chest as he said this, appearing to be extremely sad.


 Immediately, some rockmen persuaded: "Lord Yan Yong, don’t grieve. It is already very amazing you were able to survive and bring us the warning, even leading us towards victory."


 "That’s right, we iron rockmen all admire you."


 "Since the old tribe leader entrusted the tribe to you, then please lead us white rockmen."


 What rockmen liked was to sleep soundly and were not too obsessed with authority. Especially, at this juncture of life and death where they were living in anxiety, the rockmen hoped for a strong and brave rockman to lead them.


 Thereupon, Yan Yong first inherited his tribe’s tribe leader position and then white rock tribe.


 Over a month later, he got hold of the remaining tribes one after another, becoming the joint leader of the eight rockmen tribes.


 Another half a month passed, he led the rockmen and drove out the fox groups, protecting his tribes.


 "This is not enough. As long as the immortal doesn’t die, we have no future. The fox groups will regroup and attack our home again."


 "We can only attack, attack that immortal mountain and completely kill the immortal for a beautiful and peaceful life."


 Yan Yong immediately mentioned attacking Dang Hun mountain.


 Some rockmen, however, seemed to hesitate.


 "We have just suffered such a bitter battle, we just want to sleep now."


 "Our rockmen population has decreased greatly, we don’t have the strength to attack that demonic stronghold."


 "We have large numbers of offsprings born from this bitter battle, we need to raise them properly till they become adults."


 Yan Yong could only shift the topic to the old white rock tribe leader.


 "My tribesmen, will I bring you to your deaths?"


 "Attacking the immortal mountain was not my idea. It was a secret the old white rock tribe leader told me before his death."


 "He said this immortal mountain is the legendary Dang Hun mountain. Dang Hun mountain has gutstones, if our rockmen can obtain these gutstones, it can increase our strength and make our tribes stronger!"


 The old white rock tribe leader was the oldest and the most experienced rockman. He was widely known by the rockmen as the sage.


 With his ’last words’ along with Yan Yong’s clear might, the rockmen were agitated and formed an expedition to attack Dang Hun mountain.


 Fang Yuan had intentionally arranged some fox groups around Dang Hun mountain, forming a weak defensive line.


 Yan Yong continually boosted the rockmen’s morale: "See, there is not much left of the demonic immortal’s fox army. We are already close to victory."


 The rockmen sang of victory and triumph along the way, charging toward Dang Hun mountain with uplifted morale.


 At Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan appeared with a group of foxes and fought a ’great battle’ with the rockmen.


 Fang Yuan showed terrifying strength and killed many rockmen, causing all the rockmen to be terrified.


 But at this moment, Yan Yong stood up and pointed to Fang Yuan’s injuries and his paper tiger ’immortal essence’, and fought a ’decisive battle’ with him.


 The fox groups were eliminated, as Fang Yuan was ’defeated’, forced to escape from Yan Yong’s assault.


 "Wait till I come back after gathering immortal essence from the water and fire! That moment will be your end!" Before retreating, Fang Yuan shouted loudly with a malevolent expression.


 Rockmen had rough physique and their movements were slow, and not being familiar with Dang Hun mountain’s terrain, they could only let Fang Yuan ’escape’.


 The rockmen worshipped Yan Yong for beating back the immortal and cheered victoriously.


 "My tribesmen, now is not the time to cheer." Yan Yong stood up, "We can’t stay on Dang Hun mountain for long, this is a demonic land. The old white rock tribe leader had told me, every year only during these few days, we rockmen can enter this place safely. We need to hurry and collect the gutstones here. Three days later, we need to leave this place!"


 Their bodies were made of solid rock. There was a burden on their soul to hold up such a strong and firm body. If the rockmen moved too excessively, it could harm their soul.


 Thus, rockmen would spend eighty percent of their whole life sleeping and nurturing their soul.


 When the foundation of their soul was thick enough, it would leak out. This overflowing part of the soul would fall on a rock and form a new life. Rockmen tribes reproduce like this.


 After the rockmen obtained the gutstones, the guts Gu could strengthen and expand their soul, causing the soul to overflow and form little rockmen.


 Three days later, inside the mountain, in Dang Hun palace.


 Yan Yong kneeled on the ground and reported with reverence and fear as he lowered his head and bowed: "Reporting to the immortal, with these three days of soul strengthening, our rockmen tribes have increased by six thousand little rockmen. Including us old tribesmen, the whole population has increased to three times the population before the battle!"


 Fang Yuan was sitting grandly on the fluffy bed and looked down at Yan Yong.


 "Good, with this, your rockmen have enough manpower to start the river construction. Next, you remember what to do, right? Or do you need me to tell you again?"


 Yan Yong promptly replied: "Supreme immortal, I did not dare to forget your words and have engraved them in my mind."


 "Good." Fang Yuan nodded indifferently, "I will give you three months of time to dig a great river that cuts across the eastern and northern areas."


 "Ah, three months?" Yan Yong was stupefied, "Mighty immortal, us rockmen need sleep to nurture our souls. If we move excessively, we will tire ourselves to death. The great river is so long, and with only three months of time, we would have not be able to have any rest. If we work like this, our rockmen tribes will probably die out."


 "Hehehe, you won’t die completely. I have already calculated, there will be over two hundred rockmen remaining." Fang Yuan laughed.


 Yan Yong felt a chill in his body. There were ten thousand rockmen now, but there would only be over two hundred after the project. How terrifying of a sacrifice was this?


 "Three months later, I want to see a great river! If I don’t see it, I will tell the truth to your tribesmen before I kill you. Now roll away." Fang Yuan’s tone was cold and unfeeling.


 Yan Yong’s body trembled all over hearing this demonic threat.


 He had a very deep fear towards Fang Yuan and did not dare to retort, his body curled up into a ball and surprising, he really rolled away.


 "Master, we paid a huge price back then to bring in these rockmen." The little Hu Immortal land spirit tactfully persuaded, she could not endure seeing such a huge amount of rockmen dying like this.


 "Don’t worry, the rockmen has still a great use to me. And isn’t it easy to increase their population?" Fang Yuan leaned on a chair with his eyes squinting as he took out a burial soul toad from his aperture.


 Burial soul toad was a rank four Gu used to store things. It was one of the Gu worms left by the Hu Immortal.


 It was palm sized big and was grey color. There were small warts all over its back and its large eyes flashed with weird and gloomy green light.


 It could only store souls and its belly would inflate as it sucked in the souls.


 Fang Yuan used this to collect the souls of the rockmen who died in the battle with the fox groups.


 Now, this soul burial toad’s belly was deflated. The souls that were inside it before were placed on Dang Hun mountain by Fang Yuan to breed new gutstones.


 Fang Yuan used a part of the gutstones to make his soul six times stronger than that of a normal person.


 And the remaining gutstones were given to the rockmen tribes.


 The rockmen had no idea, the strengthening of their souls was all due to the death of their companions.



***
Chapter 414: Conscience of those in power


***





 Chapter 414: Conscience of those in power


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Yan Yong got out of Dang Hun palace, after getting through some twisted and dark tunnels, he arrived on Dang Hun mountain.


 After seeing the crystal pink mountain, Yan Yong blew out a breath of turbid air, his fear and pressure had decreased greatly after leaving Fang Yuan.


 After moving on the mountain for a while, he was finally discovered by his tribemates.


 "Oh, our great and honorable leader, our hero, you are here!" Some rockmen cheered.


 "Please let me kiss your foot, to express my adoration of you." A few rockmen kneeled on the ground.


 "Big hero, big hero! Your courage is greater than heaven, your guts is thicker than the earth." Some tiny rockmen formed into groups and shouted loudly.


 Yan Yong laughed, no one knew how bitter he felt.


 The cheers he heard were extremely joyous, there were many tribesmen around him, gathering together, but he felt extremely lonely at this point.


 He looked at these tribesmen, these smiling rockmen, they were all going to die three months later. Dying of exhaustion after digging the river. But what could he do?


 From what the other rockmen saw, Dang Hun mountain’s victory was glorious, it was worth celebrating. But only he knew, this was only a game manipulated in the dark by that immortal.


 The cruel and chilling truth made him understand clearly that the sacrifice of those rockmen, and this difficult victory, it was so laughably pathetic, they were powerless.


 He led his tribesmen and gained more victories, but at the same time his fear towards Fang Yuan grew.


 "That immortal, he is a demon! His heart is harder and colder than us rockmen, his strength is greater than the weight of the mountains. I am so weak, what can I do? Resistance means death. I admit my cowardice, I am really afraid of dying. I have not slept enough, I am only a hundred and eighty years old."


 The moment Yan Yong thought about Fang Yuan’s appearance, his heart was filled with terror.


 His lingering bit of conscience was torturing him.


 He knew: he was about to send his tribesmen to death personally. He was being grilled by his conscience, every praise from his tribesmen was like a whip, causing his heart to be full of pain and scars.


 "Our esteemed, beloved tribe leader, you are finally back! Everyone’s waiting." The rockmen gave way to Yan Yong, as he walked unobstructed towards higher ground.


 "My tribesmen, these three days, our tribe has grown by many times. Our conquest has gotten us glorious results. But such victory is insufficient. Are you all willing to continue following me, towards a brighter future?" Yan Yong looked down at his tribesmen and shouted loudly.


 The rockmen used the loudest cheer they could muster to express their hundred and twenty percent support towards Yan Yong.


 Yan Yong nodded, he had expected such an outcome.


 Among the rockmen, there were no outliers or knowledgeable old rockmen. During the few intense battles, they had "gloriously" sacrificed themselves.


 The remaining rockmen were all newborn, they had a simple mind. As for the remaining old rockmen, they were all hardcore supporters of Yan Yong, his loyal worshippers.


 Yan Yong patiently waited for the cheers to stop before continuing: "These three days, I had been considering — how do we deal with the escaped immortal. Immortals have immortal essence, thus they are able to control the fox army, and have terrifying strength. He must have retreated to the lake at the north area, or hid in east area’s fire pit. We cannot allow him to recover."


 "Tribe leader is right!"


 "Tribe leader is too smart, we cannot allow that evil immortal to recover his immortal essence."


 "When that accursed demon recovers his strength, he will definitely find trouble with us rockmen!"


 "But what do we do now? The lake and fire pit are both dangerous areas. Even us rockmen cannot last long there. And these two areas are so wide, who knows where the immortal escaped to."


 Everyone was speaking as the scene turned noisy.


 Yan Yong interrupted everyone’s discussions, shouting: "That’s why, I thought of the only solution. We will use soil to fill the fire pit and lake, that way, the immortal will be unable to recover his immortal essence!"


 "Oh god, that is an insane idea!" At once, some rockmen shouted.


 "My great tribe leader, the lake is so wide, it causes people to stare in amazement. The fire pit has a fatal temperature, how can we use soil to fill it? That is impossible." An old rockmen immediately argued.


 Yan Yong stared at this old rockmen deeply, remembering him to heart.


 This rockmen dared to question him, it showed that his idolization was not deep enough, thus he shall get the heaviest and toughest job later, working to death.


 At this time, another old rockmen said: "We cannot do this forcefully, I have a solution. Maybe we can dig out a river and direct the lake water to the fire pit, using water to neutralize fire, that will be easier."


 Yan Yong’s killing intent rose even more.


 This old rockmen was very intelligent, he was a bigger threat than the old rockmen who rebuked him.


 He immediately decided in this heart, he was going to send this old rockmen to a defense mission. He shall be killed by the fox army, this threat has to be eliminated!


 Yan Yong praised this old man plainly, shouting: "That is exactly my idea, we have to dig a river and direct the water over to end the fire. The immortal will have no place to recover immortal essence! Actually, white stone old tribe leader taught me before dying, he said that the water at the north and the fire at the east were all done by that evil male immortal. That is the source of his power, just like how we rockmen eat soil."


 "So white stone old tribe leader predicted this."


 "White stone old tribe leader, as expected of our philosopher."


 "White stone old tribe leader was already nine hundred and ninety-eight years old, of course he knew a lot."


 All the rockmen nodded, expressing their agreement with white stone old tribe leader, but also felt deep pity and anguish towards his death.


 Rockmen sleep for a long time, they have little interaction with each other. This sense of distance and mystery caused the deceased white stone old tribe leader’s knowledge to feel extremely profound.


 Using a phrase from Earth, if white stone old tribe leader could hear this in the afterlife, he might jump out of his coffin in anger.


 But unfortunately, he was completely killed by Fang Yuan, his soul was not spared, broken down on Dang Hun mountain by Fang Yuan. The essence landed on the mountain, forming a gutstone.


 Whether this gustone was smashed by a rockmen, or Fang Yuan himself, that would be an eternal mystery.


 After discussing, the rockmen agreed that Yan Yong should be the leader, overseeing the digging to connect the water and fire.


 Fang Yuan hid in the background, looking at this scene secretly. After seeing the finalized plan, he ordered little Hu Immortal.


 The land spirit released a trace of Dang Hun mountain’s power, and the rockmen felt their soul tremble, they got very dizzy. Many young rockmen fainted on the spot.


 "Oh no, let’s hurry and get out. Dang Hun mountain is going to attack!" Yan Yong said, as he left his tribesmen away from Dang Hun mountain.


 They did not return to their original home, but instead got to the north and east area in a grand fashion.


 In Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan looked expressionlessly at these leaving rockmen using the smoke cloud.


 "Master, have you heard of the story of the rockmen?" Little Hu Immortal’s tail was swaying as she spoke meekly.


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly: "You want to urge me to use soft tactics with the rockmen?"


 "Master is so smart." Little Hu Immortal’s large eyes were shining.


 "Heh, it seems you are not too familiar with this. Often, the power of fear and hatred surpasses gratitude greatly.


 Back then, when Fang Yuan found out that there was a group of rockmen, he was overjoyed.


 The rockmen lived underground, they ate soil as food and were skilled at digging. A large ground of rockmen could even build and underground city deep in the ground.


 Rockmen could excavate resources for the blessed land’s owner, they were excellent slaves. Many Gu Immortals want to buy rockmen and move them into their own blessed land.


 For Hu Immortal blessed land, because of Dang Hun mountain, and provided it had enough souls, just one rockman can use the gutstones to breed into a large clan.


 Fang Yuan could use this to mass produce rockmen and engage in slave trade with other Gu Immortals.


 Back then, Hu Immortal brought all these rockmen in with the same intentions.


 It was true, rockmen only succumbed to soft tactics. Most of the rockmen were stubborn and tough, warrior not afraid to die. Thus, many Gu Immortals have to use kindness and benefits to slowly use these rockmen and maximise their worth.


 Hu Immortal used such a method.


 But Fang Yuan did not adopt this.


 It was too gentle.


 He wanted squeeze them dry, to gain the most benefits!


 This world’s competition is so cruel, not only did man compete with each other, they also had to deal with disasters and calamities, who knows how many heroes had fallen to floods.


 So what if you are a Gu Immortal?


 If you did not arm yourself and make use of every resource you had to strengthen yourself, Hu Immortal’s demise would be the best example.


 A demonic path member has to make the best of his time, considering even the small bit of benefit, taking whatever he can and make himself stronger!


 "Anyone in power has to understand: Rules, laws, friendship and morals, these are all tools to squeeze out benefits. Leniency and conscience, cruelty and hatred, they are all the same." Fang Yuan laughed coldly in his heart.


 After wasting so much time with the rockmen, there were only seven months left to the sixth calamity.


 The lake at the north, fire pit at the east, they were all scars left by previous calamities, weak spots of the blessed land. When earthly calamities occur, they would be the weakest link.


 A team is only as strong as its weakest player. The weight a chain can hold up depends on the most fragile section.


 "So what if I am hated, detested, and scolded by countless people?"


 "If this world was so simple such that hatred, loathe, and curses work, why would I still need strength?"


 The most important thing was digging the river as soon as possible, to help the blessed land recover as much as it could, it did not matter how many rockmen died in the process. Since Dang Hun mountain was here, he just had to capture a few souls and there would be an uncountable number of rockmen produced!



***
Chapter 415: For tomorrow!


***





 Chapter 415: For tomorrow!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Rumble rumble...


 Explosions went off one after another, as dust and smoke rose into the air.


 This was the site of the river digging project.


 The rockmen ate soil as food, many of the Gu worms on the rockmen’s bodies can be used.


 "Lord tribe leader, we cannot continue like this! Yesterday, three tribesmen died from exhaustion, they had a pitiful death, not even leaving behind a single offspring."


 An elderly rockmen kneeled before Yan Yong as he cried.


 Once a rockman dies of exhaustion, their soul will dissipate, they will die for real, there will not be any young rockmen formed from their remaining soul.


 Yan Yong slammed his chest, howling: "Why would I not know? Why would I not know? Heroes have sacrificed for our tribe again! For the bright future of our tribe, for a beautiful tomorrow, they contributed their lives!"


 "But precisely so, we cannot slow down. Since the start of the excavation, we have faced many attacks from the fox army. The size of the fox group is getting larger, evidently that accursed male immortal is regaining his immortal essence! We have to continue and work hard, digging the river so that he loses his source of power!"


 Old rockman was stunned: "But tribe leader..."


 "You are a good rockman, you think for our tribe, I understand that. These heroes will not die in vain. Look there, I have already made heroic gravestones for them. Their children and descendants will remember them, and feel gratitude for the sacrifices made." Yan Yong pointed at the gravestones erected, there was a large number of them.


 The old rockman looked at the gravestones, sighing.


 Once the death of the rockmen appeared, the new tribe leader Yan Yong immediately ordered people to build these gravestones.


 The low morale was immediately raised, although everyday, countless rockmen die of exhaustion, they were still in high spirits.


 "They are dead, what is the use of these gravestones?" The old rockman was one of the few left who understood the situation, he felt deeply worried.


 "Oh leader." He bitterly urged: "Us rockmen have to reproduce as well. These rockmen who die of exhaustion will not even have their souls left, they cannot leave behind descendants."


 Yan Yong’s expression remained unchanged, not saying a word.


 A young rockman beside him started grumbling: "You old man, are you afraid of dying!"


 Old rockman immediately retorted: "Young man, how can you say that? Yes, I am old, but I am a rockman, how can a rockman be afraid of dying?"


 "Since you are not afraid to die, why are you talking so much?"


 "That’s right. We are making contributions to the tribe!"


 "What’s the matter? We are making a small sacrifice for the bigger good."


 Beside Yan Yong, a group of young rockmen started arguing.


 "Old senior, if you feel tired, take a rest first. It is not a problem, my time is limited, I have to go to the other areas to inspect the progress." Yan Yong patted this old rockman’s shoulder as he walked away, continuing on his inspection.


 A group of young rockmen followed behind Yan Yong, talking among themselves, expressing their disdain for that old rockman.


 Being despised by these juniors, the old rockman felt very depressed, smoke was coming out of his ears.


 He wanted to rebuke them loudly, but he saw all the gravestones near the construction area, with all sorts of words carved on them.


 "We have to do this at all cost!"


 "As long as we are united, within three days, we will complete the river!"


 "The bigger our courage, the more we can achieve."


 "To build a beautiful future for our rockmen tribe!"


 "Long live tribe leader Yan Yong!"


 "For the bright future of the rockmen, we contribute our lives, we contribute our youth!"


 The crazed atmosphere engulfed the rockmen’s hearts. Even those rockmen who died from exhaustion showed a smile before they died.


 Old rockman wanted to speak, but his mouth opened many times and did not manage to say a word.


 He kneeled on the spot in a daze for a long while, until suddenly, he lifted his fist and slammed the ground heavily.


 Bam, it was a heavy sound.


 The old rockman stood up slowly, silently moving his aged body towards the construction ground.


 Yan Yong rushed to the next site.


 The river channel was already starting to form, large numbers of adult rockmen were digging in the channel. Beside them, the physically weaker young rockmen formed into patrolling groups. Some were inspecting the river digging, some were carving slogans, some were making heroic gravestones.


 These young rockmen were called rock guards, formed by Yan Yong personally.


 "Reporting to tribe leader!" Fix to six young rockmen went to Yan Yong and reported the results of these few days of labor.


 "Reporting to great leader, we have dug another 25km in this segment!"


 "Reporting to great leader, we have unfortunately sacrificed a hundred and twenty tribesmen, they are all heroes of our tribe!"


 "Reporting to great leader, we actually found three tribesmen sleeping on the job. This is a disgrace to our tribe, we have to criticize them!"


 "Very good, very good, you have all done well! Remember, you have to erect gravestones for our deceased heroes. At the same time, tie up those disgraceful rockmen and criticize them up public, let them learn courage from humiliation." Yan Yong spoke caringly.


 "Understood!"


 "You are all the future of our tribe, seeing you all is like seeing the bright future of our tribe. You have to continue working hard." Yan Yong praised.


 The young rockmen were extremely spurred on, their bodies were trembling.


 "Everything for the rockmen tribe!"


 "Our esteemed and beloved leader, you are our symbol of pride!"


 "We unite by your side, walking towards a bright and meaningful future!!"


 They growled one after another, showing a fanatic gaze.


 But Yan Yong avoided eye contact with them, these young rockmen’s enthusiasm made him fearful.


 He looked at a faraway place.


 There, all the different segments of the river were being excavated, Yan Yong could see many rockmen looking down at the yellow soil while lowering their thick backs.


 The river channel was tens of meters wide, segment after segment, a long line showed up in his vision.


 This was a majestic project!


 Every time Yan Yong saw this sene, his heart palpitated — as long as they are united, the rockmen tribe’s strength was overwhelming, it could change the world!


 But when Yan Yong thought of Fang Yuan, that terrifying demon, his heart felt a strong chill that turned his enthusiasm into a frozen river.


 Be it the fox groups outside, the slogans on the stone boards, or the rock guards he created, they were all a part of the demon’s plot.


 With so many methods, he forcefully reduced the rockmen tribe’s resistance to the minimum.


 Yan Yong was the one who created this scenario personally, seeing the formation of the river, his fear towards Fang Yuan became greater and greater.


 That male immortal not only had terrifying strength, what truly caused despair was that scheming and devious mind of his, making him seem like an unpredictable abyss.


 Yan Yong felt himself sinking into purgatory.


 He was meek like an ant, while behind him, Fang Yuan giant figure was staring down at him.


 He was like a corpse, a puppet, the strings that controlled him was in the hands of Fang Yuan.


 Everyday, he saw his tribesmen die, his heart hurt like a dagger was stabbing it.


 Seeing the enthusiasm of his tribesmen, dying to dig the river, he felt a pitiful grief.


 "If possible, I would rather not know the truth. Maybe, continuing to live in this lie is true bliss?"


 Yan Yong retracted his gaze, waving his hand and bringing the young rockmen towards the next river segment.


 ...


 "This is the last estrus Gu, go."


 Primeval essence had already been injected, as Fang Yuan flicked his finger and shot the green bean looking Gu into the air.


 Estrus Gu exploded, turning into pink powder as it rained down on the fox group below.


 The entire fox group breathed in this powder, and immediately stirred.


 Very soon, numerous male foxes sprawled on the female foxes’ backs, moving vigorously as they injected their life essence into the female fox’s body.


 The fox gestation varied. For example, golden fox took two months to give birth once. Every time, there were three to four foxes. As for desolate beasts like three-tail fox, even a hundred years was not enough to nurture their fetus.


 Normally, the stronger the beast, the longer it takes for one gestation.


 But right now in Hu Immortal blessed land, the fox groups were ordinary, they had a short gestation period.


 Ever since the rockmen started digging the river until the process became smooth, Fang Yuan had been using estrus Gu everyday, creating new foxes and strengthening the fox army.


 Hu Immortal did not have an Immortal Gu, during the fifth earthly calamity, she was killed by blue charm lightning shadow, thus her set of enslavement path Gu worms were not spared.


 But within Dang Hun mountain, she left behind a number of Gu worms.


 For example, assistance type Gu like burial soul toad, or expenditure type Gu like estrus Gu, as well as some spare Gu worms for the enslavement path, most were fox enslavement Gu.


 To quickly increase his strength, Fang Yuan already used up most of these Gu worms.


 The fox group had increased in numbers by several times after his hard work.


 Although the foxes were omnivores, the blessed land could not sustain such a large number. In less than two years, a lot of foxes would be unable to find food and die of starvation.


 But Fang Yuan could not care less, his whole mind was on enduring the sixth earthly calamity now.


 A few months passed quickly.


 A river connected the north and east.


 The overflowing lake flowed along the river channel, moving quickly with ripples splashing.


 Swish swish...


 The great flood flowed into the fire pit, as the two forces clashed, river water evaporated and turned to steam, rising into the air.


 After the river water calmed down, almost half the black flames were doused. Only three burning areas remained at the edges.


 This way, fire and water wiped each other out, the north area’s flood was alleviated, and the ground surfaced once more.


 Large amounts of water flowed along the river and filled tens of pits, forming many lakes.


 Even though the north area was still full of mud, and the east area was a burnt land without any living plants, the fusion of fire and water had created something like a scab on a bleeding wound.


 As long as time passed, the east and north areas will eventually regain their vitality.


 Under Fang Yuan’s instructions, Yan Yong brought the injured and tired hundred or so rockmen back to their homes at the south area.


 "Master, what do we do with these clouds?" Little Hu Immortal looked at the sky, the thick clouds made her feel helpless.


 Even though it rained many times already, a lot of water vapor was still in the air, forming into clouds.


 These clouds blocked the natural light, causing the east area to be shrouded in darkness, it made people feel irritated.


 The blessed land did not have sunlight or wind. These clouds would heavily affect the lives of the east area’s inhabitants.


 "Ignore them." Fang Yuan looked at the sea of clouds and retracted his gaze.


 The appearance of the clouds was expected, it was a minor detail. What is truly important, is the sixth earthly calamity!


 If the blessed land survives this, he would slowly settle the issue about the clouds. If it fails to make it, then there is no point in thinking about it.



***
Chapter 416: Enduring the Earthly Calamity (1\/2)


***





 Chapter 416: Enduring the Earthly Calamity (1/2)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Several months later.


 In Hu Immortal blessed land, the fox groups gathered into an army and surrounded Dang Hun mountain tightly.


 Fang Yuan stood with his arms behind his back at the peak of the mountain and looked at the sky with a solemn expression.


 Time passed mercilessly, today was the day of the sixth earthly calamity!


 Even though Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal in his previous life, he still felt uneasy facing an earthly calamity.


 Every earthly calamity increases in intensity compared to the previous one, it was a cruel trial that decided the life and death of the Gu Immortals and their blessed land. Fang Yuan took over the blessed land when there was only a year and three months left.


 This time was truly short, he could only prepare with his best efforts. Digging a river and alleviating the water and fire crisis was one, nurturing foxes and increasing their numbers was two. Holding onto fixed immortal travel Gu and being prepared to retreat was the third preparation.


 As for the clouds in the sky, as well as the blue charm lightning shadow at the west area, he had no way of dealing with them.


 The mild wind gradually stopped. High up in the sky, clouds were rumbling and a lump of light was forming..


 "It’s coming." Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk as he muttered.


 In the cloud sea, the lump light burst out, forming a great white round door, facing the blessed land directly.


 The light was glaring and dazzling, as a brown-yellow colored large monster descended from the light door like a large rock.


 "Looking at this scene, is this the desolate beast calamity?!" Fang Yuan squinted and stared without blinking.


 The giant rock continued to descend silently.


 Fang Yuan could not help but lick his dry lips as his heart sank.


 There were countless types of earthly calamities, among them were the desolate beast calamity.


 In the blessed land, one or multiple desolate beasts will appear, charging towards the blessed land’s central control area, wreaking havoc and causing destruction to the blessed land.


 If they were not exterminated in time, even a large blessed land would be destroyed and reduced to ashes.


 "Damn it, it is a desolate beast, I just hope there is no Immortal Gu on this desolate beast!" Fang Yuan cursed in his heart.


 If desolate beasts had Immortal Gu on them, their battle strength would surpass Gu Immortals!


 This mysterious desolate beast landed on the ground in a light manner contrary to its giant size.


 Looking from afar, it looked like a slightly flat giant rock.


 But Fang Yuan could tell from the images that this large rock was only a brown-yellow exoskeleton glowing with a golden lustre. There were thick layers of mud on the shell armor.


 Just as Fang Yuan was guessing what sort of creature it was, a large pair of cheliped, like two bronze poles, stretched out from the shell.


 Next, nine pairs of chelipeds stretched out from two sides, landing on the ground, raising the heavy body off the ground.


 "Swamp crab!" Seeing this, Fang Yuan spoke immediately, recognising the true identity of this desolate beast.


 This was a large crab, with a body that was the size of a mountain. When its body was lifted, the height could reach a quarter of Dang Hun mountain.


 Its first pair of chelipeds was more fearsome than steel poles, a pair of pincers that could break mountain rocks or cut a flood dragon in half!


 Its remaining eighteen chelipeds, although thinner than the first pair, they were still thicker than hundred year old trees.


 There were large numbers of Gu worms on its body, most would be water and earth path Gu worms. Rarely, it could even contain an entire set of Gu worms.


 "Thankfully, Hu Immortal blessed land has ample immortal essence!" Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, feeling glad in his heart.


 Earlier when the swamp crab appeared, the land spirit already struck, using the heavenly power to restrict its Gu worms.


 All rank one to five Gu worms could not display their abilities.


 The most important point was, this desolate beast had no Immortal Gu. If it did, then the question would be what Immortal Gu that was.


 Immortal Gu were unique, surpassing the laws of the mortal realm; blessed lands could not restrict them.


 The existence of an Immortal Gu was the most important element in this battle!


 The swamp crab fully stretched its limbs and started slowly moving towards Dang Hun mountain.


 Fang Yuan willed and moved his troops quickly. Large numbers of foxes all over the mountain, rushed like the tides towards the desolate beast.


 In moments, they encircled the swamp crab.


 Their claws and teeth scratched the swamp crab’s legs, and the physically tougher golden foxes directly crashed into it.


 But the swamp crab was huge like a mountain and continued moving forward. The ordinary fox groups could not stop it, instead they were stomped into meat paste.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was cruel as he directed the foxes to continue giving up their lives.


 He bred so many of them, they were meant to be used as disposable pieces. Damage accumulates; any amount of damage they could deal counted.


 But the swamp crab gave off an unstoppable momentum as it advanced without halting a single step. Like a moving mountain, it did not care about the foxes below.


 All sorts of attacks landed on the swamp crab’s body, like a beautiful display of fireworks.


 These were the attacks of the hundred, thousand and myriad beast kings of the foxes. They had all sorts of Gu worms.


 Under the strength of all the Gu, the mud on swamp crab’s body was all blown away.


 This giant crab, for the first time, stopped its movement.


 It opened its mouth and spewed out large amounts of mud. At the same time, from its stomach, yellow mud spewed out like a waterfall.


 The mud landed on the grass and formed a swamp.


 From the mud, weird looking crabs stood up. Some had large sizes, ferocious like a tiger. Some had sharp thin needle like pincers. Some had claw-like legs, having quick speed.


 In the blink of an eye, a crab army that numbered to a million formed.


 "It is the swamp crab indeed! It can breed at any time and place, creating numerous smaller crabs and forming an army." Fang Yuan’s expression turned darker.


 The fox groups were fighting against the crab army, engaging in fierce combat.


 The number of foxes continued to decrease. The crab army’s deaths were much greater than the fox group, but the desolate beast continued to give birth, and there was an endless number of crabs.


 Fang Yuan quickly instructed the fox groups hiding outside the mountain to return.


 "Thankfully, I expended my estrus Gu and bred a large number of foxes, otherwise, my total force would not be enough!"


 In just this short period, Fang Yuan felt dizzy.


 He directed an insanely large number of foxes, and even though his soul was six times as strong as a normal person, it could not take this pressure.


 With the crab army paving the way, the swamp crab continued moving forward, regaining its former speed.


 The legs on its body moved one after another, like fingers playing on a piano, with a rhythmic beauty.


 But an intense battle was going on below it; blood flowed into river, corpses piled into a hill, and every piece of land was tainted with blood.


 The swamp crab did not differentiate enemies from allies, every time its legs landed on the ground, there would be a fountain of blood squirting all over the place. When the crab raised its leg, there would be foxes’ crushed bodies and broken crab carcasses in the deep pit on the ground.


 This desolate beast’s body was so large, and honestly speaking, it did not move quickly.


 But because of this, it was able to create an immense mental pressure; seeing it moving unhindered, Fang Yuan felt that a grim reaper’s scythe was hanging over his neck.


 "Damn it!" Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.


 This desolate beast before him was the King of the Swamp. Its body was covered in hard shell, it had lurked deep within the swamp for many years, even its eyes had vanished due to de-evolution, it had no weaknesses left.


 Fang Yuan manipulated the fox groups to hold it back, but it was no use.


 He could only watch helplessly as the swamp crab got closer!


 "Can you teleport it away?" Fang Yuan turned his head, asking the little Hu Immortal land spirit.


 Different Gu Immortals gave birth to different blessed lands, and the land spirit’s abilities also varied. Some land spirits could teleport others, like Ba Gui from three kings blessed land, while some could not. Some land spirits could summon rain and wind, and some could manipulate the flow of time freely.


 "Let me try." Little Hu Immortal breathed roughly as she felt an intense mental pressure. She activated the immortal essence, and used all her strength until her cute tiny face turned red.


 "Ahhh ahhh!’ She shouted in a childish way.


 With a swoosh, the giant swamp crab vanished on the spot and was teleported about nine thousand steps away.


 "We succeeded!" Little Hu Immortal’s face was red as she gasped.


 Fang Yuan relaxed slightly.


 "Ma... master, I just expended one bead of green grape immortal essence." Little Hu Immortal reported painfully.


 "No matter." Fang Yuan’s expression was cold as he continued to order the foxes to attack the swamp crab.


 After five minutes, the swamp crab got close again. Land spirit teleported it away once again.


 And thus, another green grape immortal essence was expended.


 Little Hu Immortal felt immense pity at this waste, and Fang Yuan’s heart was bleeding.


 In the entire Hu Immortal blessed land, there were only seventy-eight beads of green grape immortal essence. Fang Yuan used one to feed fixed immortal travel Gu. Now he used another two to teleport this swamp crab.


 He still had to use the immortal essence to refine Gu and manage the entire blessed land in the future.


 There were many areas in which immortal essence were needed, but because Hu Immortal died already, these green grape immortal essence could not be replenished, every single bead used was one less left for the future.


 Some crabs got through unguarded areas and charged up the mountain.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly at this and ordered the land spirit to unleash the might of Dan Hun mountain.


 At once, the area the crab army walked on became a death domain. Numerous crabs died, lying on the ground with their bodies intact. Their souls, however, were completely destroyed, creating a peculiar scene.


 "Unfortunately, Dang Hun mountain’s power is to continuously pressure the soul, but the desolate beast’s soul is strong and can last for a while. I cannot let it reach Dang Hun mountain and destroy this precious forbidden ground."


 Fang Yuan did not participate in battle.


 Even if he used his strength path Gu worms, he would not be able to break its shell.


 Most importantly, the swamp crab had not used an Immortal Gu yet, Fang Yuan was uncertain if it had one or not.


 The unknown was the greatest threat, Fang Yuan did not dare to strike rashly.


 Soon, the swamp crab came again. Just as it was teleported away for the third time, little Hu Immortal’s expression changed.


 Not waiting for Fang Yuan’s reaction, she stretched her hand to grab his arm, and they both vanished on the spot.


 The next moment, a fierce lightning bolt landed on the area they were standing.


 Boom!


 With a thunderous sound, mountain rocks shattered.


 The lightning paused for a moment before shooting back up.


 It turned into a human-shaped lightning and emitted a loud growl.


 This was the blue charm lightning shadow!



***
Chapter 417: Enduring the Earth Calamity (2\/2)


***





 Chapter 417: Enduring the Earth Calamity (2/2)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Blue charm lightning shadow held its head and screamed in pain. The blue lightning flashed around without any target and only settled down after a long while.


 Clearly, the lightning figure had suffered injuries in its soul when it entered Dang Hun mountain.


 Inside Dang Hun Palace, Fang Yuan’s face became ashen as he looked at the scene in the smoke.


 If it was not for the land spirit’s prompt teleportation just before, he might have been dead already.


 Little Hu Immortal patted her chest, her face pale and showing lingering fear.


 When it rains, it pours . The blue charm lightning shadow joining the battle no doubt made things worse!


 Blue charm lightning shadow flew into a rage after its sneak attack did not succeed and started to collide continuously into Dang Hun mountain.


 Every time it collided with Dang Hun mountain, there would be tremors in Dang Hun Palace. Soil and stones flew from the impact and large scorched pits were created from the attacks on the mountain; Fang Yuan felt his heart bleed at this scene.


 This was Dang Hun mountain!


 In this entire world, there was only one of it!


 Fortunately, blue charm lightning shadow stopped its attacks after dozens of collisions. Its soul had received considerable damage and the lightning around it was becoming very disorderly. It did not dare to attack again.


 During this time, the land spirit had teleported the swamp crab another two times. In total, they had wasted five beads of green grape immortal essence on it!


 And the originally endless fox army was already at the brink of extinction.


 What made Little Hu Immortal even more discouraged was that this desolate beast only had small wounds and was still moving forward stably like before. It was like an indestructible bone!


 Whether it was blue charm lightning shadow or swamp crab, they both had one target; destroying the central area, expending the immortal essence and killing the land spirit. Their final target was to destroy the whole blessed land.


 They were on the same faction and did not have any conflicts, instead they cooperated.


 While Fang Yuan and the land spirit were having a headache due to this swamp crab, the blue charm lightning shadow gave up on Dang Hun mountain and changed its target to the blessed land itself.


 It did not dare to collide against Dang Hun mountain anymore, so it began attacking the sky and the earth of this blessed land.


 It destroyed everything it saw and created craters everywhere. Sky crumbled and showed scars like that of a broken mirror.


 Fang Yuan felt deep helplessness.


 "Not good! Master, there is a hole in the blessed land!" Little Hu Immortal spoke hurriedly.


 Blue charm lightning shadow’s attacks shattered the world and created a hole.


 "Cut away the surrounding area around the hole." Fang Yuan spoke indifferently, his tone cold as ice.


 "What?" Little Hu Immortal opened her eyes wide and gave a cry of surprise.


 If they cut off the area like this, they would not be able to restore it.


 The holes in blessed lands could be repaired with immortal essence. If the holes were not patched in time and were allowed to enlarge, they would form a passage to the outside world.


 Once there was a passage, those Gu Immortals outside the blessed land would absolutely charge in and make all kinds of schemes; at that time, the situation would be even more out of hand.


 There were demonic path Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain.


 Righteous path Gu Immortals did not dare to attack because they had a lot of businesses and assets. However, demonic path has no lack of demented people, they were lone forces and liked to take risks. In any case, Fang Yuan had done this a lot in his previous life.


 Under Fang Yuan’s order, Little Hu Immortal repeatedly cut off nearby half a square kilometer of the blessed land.


 Blue charm lightning shadow continually destroyed the world and created holes, while the land spirit continually cut them off.


 The swamp crab charged towards Dang Hun mountain again and again; the land spirit had no choice but to teleport it time after time, the amount of green grape primeval essence consumed already reached thirteen beads.


 " Sob sob , the blessed land has become smaller and so much immortal essence has been lost...." Tears started falling out of Little Hu Immortal’s eyes as she sobbed.


 "Don’t cry!" Fang Yuan coldly shouted, his expression ashen.


 "There is no point in delaying. Our only hope is to kill these two calamities! But I don’t have an attack type Immortal Gu, and it would be difficult to see any results from attacking the swamp crab with rank five Gu in a short time. My only option now is to gamble!" Fang Yuan gritted his teeth and revealed a crazed determination.


 Desolate beasts were very strong, just by relying on their majestic physique and their fierce recovery ability, they could ignore most rank five Gu.


 Especially this swamp crab; it had a strong defense and was upper-tier even among the desolate beasts. Fang Yuan had a lot of rank five Gu; turn gold Gu, soft bones Gu, pitch black Gu and so on, but using them against swamp crab would be like throwing pebbles in the lake; they could only create slight ripples. They needed to attack continuously for a slight bit of results.


 However, Fang Yuan was unable to activate these Gu and participate in the offense.


 If he left the mountain, he could meet with blue charm lightning shadow’s attacks. He could give the Gu worms to the land spirit to use, but he did not dare to take the risk.


 Land spirits could also die, and if it was destroyed by blue charm lightning shadow, then Fang Yuan would have no means to even activate fixed immortal travel Gu.


 Only Immortal Gu could change the situation.


 Fang Yuan might have two Immortal Gu, but both did not have offensive abilities.


 "Don’t teleport it anymore, let this damned swamp crab attack Dang Hun mountain!" Fang Yuan said resolutely and commanded the land spirit, "Release the whole might of Dang Hun mountain!"


 Ringgggggggg!


 Dang Hun mountain had been restricted by Little Hu Immortal the whole time, and right now, as it was finally let loose, dense fog started rising over the whole mountain. An enormous and formless soul shaking power burst out of the mountain, spreading as far as three thousand steps and eradicating everything in its surroundings.


 Only Dang Hun Palace - under the land spirit’s control - was intact.


 The giant swamp crab soon got close to Dang Hun mountain.


 Under the power of Dang Hun mountain, its sturdy shell was unable to provide any defensive support. Its soul received fierce attacks, causing its movements to slow down.


 However, this made it go berserk and it increased its speed by another fold, charging towards Dang Hun mountain.


 Bam!


 The enormous pincers heavily smashed on Dang Hun mountain like steel clamps.


 The sturdy boulders were as fragile as flour as they were smashed by the attack, holes forming from the impact.


 The huge crater was at least 0.6 acres wide. Smoke and dust flew all around and the entire Dang Hun Palace also shook from the tremors.


 The land spirit Little Hu Immortal’s face paled from shock. Dang Hun Palace kept on shaking, dust started falling from the roof and there were fierce cracks on the walls and pillars.


 Suddenly, Little Hu Immortal let out a tragic shout: "Not good! That blue charm lightning shadow has already moved towards the north and is openly destroying the sky and earth, creating many holes."


 The image in front of Fang Yuan changed and showed the scene of blue charm lightning shadow attacking the world and creating holes.


 The blessed land’s eastern and northern parts had been corroded by the remnant force of the earth calamities, and were weaker than other areas. The blue charm lightning shadow saw these weak points and started attacking them.


 "Fortunately, we had settled the water and fire, otherwise the result of blue charm lightning shadow’s destruction would be ten times more severe! Master, what should we do?" Little Hu Immortal was feeling at a loss.


 The situation had turned to an extremely terrible state.


 The swamp crab was like a steel hammer directly pounding the heart and continuously depleting immortal essence while also wrecking Dang Hun mountain.


 And blue charm lightning shadow was like an extremely sinister poison. It purposely searched for the weak points of the blessed land and stabbed at them. Every hole it created was like a fresh wound to the blessed land.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with an ominous glint.


 The situation was turning more critical, but it instead aroused his fighting spirit!


 "Land spirit, every time you teleport the swamp crab, send it away by three thousand steps!"


 "Yes!"


 With the distance shortened, the immortal essence expenditure was also comparatively less. And Dang Hun mountain’s soul shaking power worked within three thousand steps, creating injuries to the swamp crab’s soul.


 "Land spirit, cut off the whole northern area!" Fang Yuan gave another command.


 "What?!" Little Hu Immortal was stupefied and almost did not dare to believe her ears.


 Hu Immortal blessed land’s northern area was over 600km2, and Fang Yuan wanted to give up the whole region?


 Once they cut off the area, Hu Immortal blessed land would lose this territory forever!


 This was definitely a huge sacrifice by Fang Yuan! Hu Immortal blessed land had altogether 4000km2 of land and he was cutting off one-sixth of it!


 "Master, this... this..." Little Hu Immortal hesitated.


 "Do as I say!" Fang Yuan’s gaze was fixed on the image in front of him as he shouted in a stern voice.


 Little Hu Immortal’s pink lips puckered and her eyes were filled with tears. The tears fell down and she started crying loudly.


 Land spirits were the representatives of the blessed land; cutting off a part of the blessed land was the same as cutting their own flesh. And abandoning the whole northern area was like a person cutting off one of their legs.


 "Master, don’t, don’t do it!" Little Hu Immortal cried loudly and begged.


 However, Fang Yuan’s expression was ruthless and did not make the slightest compromise.


 Master’s orders could not be violated, Little Hu Immortal could only endure the pain and cut off the whole northern area!


 That blue charm lightning shadow was currently in the center of the northern area, destroying the world and creating holes. It suddenly felt something wrong and immediately moved, trying to charge out of the northern area.


 However, because of 5km of distance, it could not escape and was trapped in the northern area.


 It let out a mournful and sharp screech, its tone full of indignance. However, that bit of distance determined its fate, the blue charm lightning shadow could only follow the evaporation of the northern area and land in the outside world.


 "Success!" Fang Yuan almost shouted in joy at this scene.


 If it were normal times where the blue charm lightning shadow had no injuries in its soul, it could absolutely react in time. If not for its crazed attacks towards the world, expending its energy and causing its speed to fall, it could absolutely escape.


 At the critical moment, Fang Yuan endured the pain and made a minor sacrifice to protect his bigger interests, finally settling this calamity!


 As to what calamities it would create at the outside world, that was not part of Fang Yuan’s consideration.


 Bam Bam Bam...


 The whole Dang Hun mountain was still shaking, the desolate beast swamp crab’s soul was very strong and forcefully withstood the pressure, continuously attacking Dang Hun mountain.


 The nearer it got to Dang Hun mountain, the stronger the soul shaking power became.


 Little Hu Immortal teleported the swamp crab away time and again.


 Right now, it was a battle of foundation between the two sides.


 If the desolate beast’s soul foundation was strong and it overthrew Dang Hun mountain, it would be Fang Yuan’s defeat. Conversely, if Dang Hun mountain did not fall, it would be the earthly calamity’s defeat.


 Bam Bam...


 Dang Hun palace’s pillars crumbled and the beams of the roofs snapped. Dust and dirt flew everywhere, accompanied by Little Hu Immortal’s whimpering cries.


 Fang Yuan was silently standing with a cold expression.


 "Strength, I need more strength!" He clenched his fists and let out an indignant scream in his mind.


 Why was it that despite growing so much, he was still so weak when facing heaven and earth, when facing fate?


 "Then continue to grow, continue to become stronger, stronger, and even stronger!"


 As he screamed silently, the swamp crab’s movements were gradually slowing down and eventually it collapsed at the waist of Dang Hun mountain... dead.


 After an arduous process, the sixth earthly calamity was finally over.



***
Chapter 418: Losses and Gains


***





 Chapter 418: Losses and Gains


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan walked out of Dang Hun palace.


 The pink crystal mountain had holes everywhere, broken rocks were scattered on the ground showing a pitiful sight. Fresh red blood, yellow murky mud, fox and crab corpses mixed together.


 The desolate beast swamp crab’s humongous body was pressing on Dang Hun mountain’s mountain waist. It was like a small mountain, extremely eye catching.


 The mild wind blew on Fang Yuan’s black hair, as his eerie black eyes stared at the battlefield.


 The pungent smell of blood entered Fang Yuan’s nostrils.


 Closely behind him, little Hu Immortal land spirit’s eyes were red, as there were tears on her face. She reported while sniffing.


 "Master, we suffered immense losses. We lost about 666km2 of land, and we only have sixty-eight beads of the immortal essence left. Our fox army of four million and seven hundred thousand has fallen to three hundred and ten thousand. As for Gu worms, we lost around seven hundred thousand of them."


 Hu Immortal managed her blessed land for so many years, after this calamity, the entire blessed land lost about forty years of development.


 But Fang Yuan did not think so.


 His expression was tired, but his gaze could not hide the happiness in his heart.


 He survived this earthly calamity. It was an obstacle, now that he survived it, Fang Yuan had time to recuperate.


 He had ample time to deal with the seventh earthly calamity.


 "Stop crying, the blessed land is safe, that means our hope is safe too. Dang Hun mountain did not collapse, thus we have the resources to start over. Although we lost some land, in the short run, we cannot make use of that land anyway, it will not hinder our development."


 Fang Yuan patted the land spirit’s head, consoling: "Look, not long later, Dang Hun mountain will be full of gutstones, and we will control another group of rockmen. Most importantly, that blue charm lightning shadow was exiled, now, we can develop without any worries. Hu Immortal blessed land will definitely flourish again!"


 This battle was intense and tragic, there were countless foxes and crabs who died near Dang Hun mountain. At the same time, swamp crab’s soul was smashed into bits by the mountain’s vibrations, absorbed into Dang Hun mountain.


 In the near future, not too long away, large numbers of gutstones will appear on Dang Hun mountain unceasingly.


 "Master’s words... makes sense." Little Hu Immortal stopped crying and thought about it clearly, it seems he made sense.


 The earthly calamity was like a trial, Hu Immortal blessed land got through it, there was not only great losses, but also great gains.


 "What a pity, there were many Gu worms living in this swamp crab, but now Dang Hun mountain killed them all." Little Hu Immortal pouted, staring at this swamp crab’s corpse angrily.


 "Rejoice, this desolate beast did not have an Immortal Gu, otherwise, we might not be standing here." Fang Yuan sighed deeply.


 This was the luckiest part of this ordeal.


 One crucial Immortal Gu with overwhelming ability can easily overturn the entire situation.


 Even if this swamp crab had an Immortal Gu, and was killed by Fang Yuan, how Fang Yuan would catching this Immortal Gu was also a huge problem.


 Maybe this wild Immortal Gu might replace the blue charm lightning shadow and become the next great threat to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan was satisfied enough to have survived this earthly calamity.


 After all, he was only a rank four upper stage mortal Gu Master, yet he managed to kill a desolate beast that was a problem even for Gu Immortals.


 "Land spirit, clean up the battlefield. Preserve the corpse of the swamp crab well, I am going to rest." Fang Yuan looked around once more before relaxing, immediately feeling strong fatigue.


 He commanded over a million foxes, his soul and mind was overused, he needed sleep immediately.


 "Okay." Little Hu Immortal answered quickly as she looked at the swamp crab’s shell with glowing eyes.


 Every desolate beast was a moving treasure.


 The blood, fur, bones, intestines in its body were great Gu refinement material.


 "You accursed crab, I will tear you apart!" Little Hu Immortal raised her chin as her mouth opened, showing her small canine teeth, angrily walking towards the swamp crab while muttering to herself.


 ...


 Fang Yuan had an extremely enjoyable sleep.


 Three days later, he woke up, and laid on the bed, not wanting to move at all.


 This time, he really relaxed his body and mind.


 The sixth earthly calamity was over, Fang Yuan earned a lot of time for himself, he could finally catch a breath.


 Ever since his rebirth, he had been plotting and resisting, especially on San Cha mountain, he overexerted himself thinking of the ways to get out of his predicament.


 Now, he finally protected the blessed land. To Fang Yuan, this was a safe and stable place.


 If Hu Immortal blessed land was destroyed, he would be in big trouble.


 He exposed many things, let’s take for example, the fixed immortal travel Gu.


 Fang Yuan was not a Gu Immortal, he could not keep this Immortal Gu into his aperture, once its aura was leaked, Gu Immortals would easily sense it and come to snatch it from him.


 Now, fixed immortal travel Gu was placed inside Hu Immortal blessed land, and because there was immortal essence, he could feed it without worry.


 Other than that, there was also the refinement of second aperture Gu.


 Without little Hu Immortal to control the immortal essence, Fang Yuan could not refine this Immortal Gu, he had to at least reach Gu Immortal realm first. By then, divine travel Gu might’ve been refined by another person already, it would be too late.


 Having protecting Hu Immortal blessed land, it was a great help to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan lied down for a while before getting up to eat. After filling up his stomach, he went to sleep again.


 This time, he slept for ten hours, he woke up slowly as he felt all the fatigue had been washed away. His mind was clear, his head was working well, and his condition was as good as it could be.


 "Where is the land spirit?" He stomped his feet, calling.


 Little Hu Immortal tore through space with a swoosh, appearing before him.


 "Master, I have dismantled that crab, we can sell it for a good price!" Little Hu Immortal’s face was red as she was extremely satisfied at breaking apart the culprit for the blessed land’s predicament.


 "Oh right, master, there are three letters here, they were sent in from the loophole on the day of the calamity." Little Hu Immortal said, taking out three Gu and handed them to Fang Yuan.


 When loopholes enlarge enough to become tunnels, people could enter and exit. But before that, only Gu worms could enter through the small gaps.


 These three Gu were all letter path Gu worms.


 One had a paper crane appearance, it was the rank three lightning symbol paper crane Gu. One was a green bird, rank five and looking lifelike, it was the letter sending green bird Gu. One looked like a sword, it was the rank three flying sword letter Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone as he took out the letter sending green bird Gu.


 The green bird transformed into a letter, it was sent by the rank seven Gu Immortal Feng Jiu Ge!


 Fang Yuan was not surprised, the moment he saw this green bird Gu, he had a feeling it was him.


 Feng Jiu Ge’s tone in his letter was calm, he first expressed his admiration and praise for Fang Yuan, before stating his intention — to arrange for a battle with between Fang Yuan and his daughter Feng Jin Huang!


 It seems that after Feng Jin Huang returned to Spirit Affinity House, she had been gloomy, moody, and dispirited. During this period, she had been cultivating diligently, to reclaim her pride. The battle was initiated by her, she wants to have a fair and square fight with Fang Yuan, betting the glory of Spirit Affinity House and Immortal Crane Sect!


 "Hmph, you want to battle, do I have to agree?" Fang Yuan scoffed in disdain.


 His time was so tight, there was not enough time to cultivate, Fang Yuan would not waste his time and effort accepting Feng Jin Huang’s challenge.


 Feng Jin Huang was born in a great family, she had Gu Immortals as her parents, and a sect to support her. Even if she had a blessed land, and the calamity came, there would be a huge group of people fighting it for her.


 But Fang Yuan was all alone, he had to rely on himself for everything. He had no mood to play around with this rich missy.


 "What a stupid idea, she wants to reclaim her glory, so I must play along with her? Laughable!" Fang Yuan snorted. Different from others, he did not fear Feng Jiu Ge. That is because soon, Feng Jiu Ge would be called up by the heavenly court, and would successfully ascend, it will not be easy for him to come down and enter central continent again.


 "But in this letter, it seems that this pair of father and daughter think that I am a disciple of Immortal Crane Sect, what is going on?" Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with suspicion.


 The other party was a Gu Immortal, they would naturally not make such a lowly mistake. That means, there were hidden complications.


 Fang Yuan retrieved the flying sword letter Gu.


 Opening it and taking a look, it was another challenge letter!


 But in this letter, it was all swearing and scolding, almost all of Fang Yuan’s ancestors were mentioned, even Immortal Crane Sect’s honor was used to incite Fang Yuan to accept the battle. Finally, there was even a threat, if Fang Yuan did not agree, he would reveal the contents of this letter to the public, and let the world know that Fang Yuan was a coward!


 Fang Yuan looked carefully, lightly smiling: "Oh, it is this rascal Jian Yi Sheng."


 Jian Yi Sheng, a metal path Gu Master, his appearance and personality were very perverted. He was most skilled at sneak attacks, and hated suffering losses the most.


 He was one of the demonic path Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain, he was truly a mean and devious coward.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he got ambushed by him many times. He eventually made Fang Yuan angry enough to summon the blood sea, forcing this Jian Yi Sheng to hide in his blessed land, afraid to battle. He blocked him for twenty years, until Jian Yi Sheng realized that he had angered the wrong person. He could not take it, and eventually kneeled down before Fang Yuan to surrender, without a trace of a Gu Immortal’s dignity.


 As for why this person was challenging Fang Yuan, it was because he was extremely unlucky.


 After Fang Yuan discarded a portion of the blessed land, and threw the blue charm lightning shadow towards Tian Ti mountain, Jian Yi Sheng coincidentally met with it.


 At this time, although Jian Yi Sheng was a Gu Immortal, he had no Immortal Gu, and was thrashed by the blue charm lightning shadow. He escaped back to his blessed land pathetically, and finally managed to get free of the blue charm lightning shadow.


 After he got home, he counted his losses, and was filled with rage, stomping his feet. After finding the culprit, he sent a flying sword letter Gu, challenging Fang Yuan.


 "Hmph, he knows I am a mortal, but still challenged me as a Gu Immortal. He even wrote his letter so righteously, talking about fairness... this piece of shit is still as shameless as I remember. But, why did he think I am a member of Immortal Crane Sect?"


 Fang Yuan opened the lightning symbol paper crane Gu with great suspicion.


 He opened it slightly, and his pupils shrunk, showing a surprised expression: "What! Fang Zheng is alive?"


 Reading on, his suspicions were cleared.


 "So that’s it, this He Feng Yang from Immortal Crane Sect is a smart person, using this method to eliminate his competitors."


 "But he greatly underestimated me. Why would I join Immortal Crane Sect? But what the letter mentioned is exactly what I need now."


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan made up his mind.


 He called the land spirit: "Go, open the blessed land slightly, and let the Gu Master who resembles me in."



***
Chapter 419: Fang Zheng’s pain


***





 Chapter 419: Fang Zheng’s pain


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Tian Ti mountain stood high above the clouds, reaching 3000km in total.


 It was situated at the center of Central Continent, it was the land of inheritances, the mountain of saints. During ancient times, it was the ladder of immortals, able to ascend to the heavenly court.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples were now standing at the foot of Tian Ti mountain, having waited for an hour already.


 "How much longer do we need to wait?"


 "This Fang Yuan is putting up too much airs right?"


 "Ssh, quiet. He is the brother of Gu Yue Fang Zheng, the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land!"


 "Speaking of that, this brother of Fang Zheng’s is really amazing, he managed to defeat Feng Jin Huang, Xiao Qi Xing, Ying Sheng Ji and the others."


 "So what? If I had a supreme elder supporting me in the dark, helping me to use fixed immortal travel Gu, I would be able to win the blessed land as well."


 "Our clan’s elders are truly smart. Using Fang Zheng to attract their attention, while the real trump card was Fang Yuan all along!"


 ...


 In order to make this a reality, Immortal Crane Sect lied to all their disciples. Immortal Crane Sect’ disciples now knew, that there was someone named Gu Yue Fang Yuan in their sect.


 During these three months, he had become the hottest topic that everyone was discussing. He was mysterious and low-key, it made people curious. Shocking the world in one move, he obtained Hu Immortal blessed land for Immortal Crane Sect, and even allowed Immortal Crane Sect to stand out among the ten sects, it made the other disciples feel proud.


 All their discussions entered Fang Zheng’s ears.


 Fang Zheng was stand at the front of these people, his gaze was dim as he looked at Tian Ti mountain.


 These days, he had been a walking corpse, he did not know how he survived the last few days.


 After Fang Zheng left QIng Mao mountain, he swore to exact revenge, to get justice for his deceased clansmen.


 He carried a great hatred with him, the objective of revenge was sustaining and motivating him to cultivate. He was more hardworking than all the other disciples, he did not even slack for a second.


 He had fantasized many times, the scene when he finds Fang Yuan — defeating him and making him kneel on the ground, repenting for all that he did on Qing Mao mountain. The clansmen in the afterlife would finally rest in peace after that.


 Thus, on Dang Hun mountain, he did not give up despite numerous occasions of wanting to do so.


 Every time he thought of Fang Yuan, there would be a strong driving force in his heart, supporting him to continue climbing.


 He wanted to get Hu Immortal Inheritance, not only because he did not want to let his master down, or disappointing the clan’s expectations, it was also because his chances of getting revenge would be much greater if he had the blessed land.


 But, he did not expect, that life would come hitting him this hard and suddenly.


 Gu Yue Fang Yuan, his blood related brother, the main character of his numerous nightmares, appeared on the mountain top! Under everyone’s view, he obtained the inheritance, even Gu Immortals could do nothing to him!


 Fang Zheng who failed returned to the sect.


 Shock!


 Pain!


 Loss!


 Fear!


 He knew the clan’s lies, he knew the truth, but precisely so, the shadow in his heart grew by many times.


 This trauma had been nurturing in him since he was young.


 Why is brother so smart? But I am so stupid!


 Why was it that I cultivated so hard, yet I still lost to Fang Yuan?


 Why did this happen in southern border, and also in central continent?!


 "Is it true that I Gu Yue Fang Zheng, am destined to live in his shadow my entire life, never to surpass him?!" Every time Fang Zheng thought of this, there would be an indignant feeling in his heart, urging him to cultivate more.


 But this time, it was different.


 It was different.


 Thinking of the mission the clan just passed to him, Fang Zheng’s body shuddered.


 The blessed land was in Fang Yuan’s control, in order to obtain Hu Immortal blessed land, the sect was recruiting Fang Yuan. As long as he handed over the blessed land, he would be Immortal Crane Sect’s elder.


 Central continent sect members were classified from low to high as outer disciple, inner disciple, elite disciple, legacy disciple.


 Above disciples, there were sect elder, often at rank four cultivation, controlling the many aspects of the sect. Above sect elder was sect leader, he had to be at least rank five middle stage, and was the key person in charge.


 And above the clan leader, there were supreme elders.


 These supreme elders were all Gu Immortals, they were rarely seen during normal times, secluded in cultivation. Only when the sect faces a life and death situation, or when something important happens, they would appear and let the world know the true power of Immortal Crane Sect, as one of the top ten sects!


 "Since I joined Immortal Crane Sect, I had cultivated so diligently these years, from outer disciple, I became an inner disciple, and from inner disciple, I became an elite disciple. During the sect examination, I emerged as the top disciple of among the elite disciples. But now, Fang Yuan just has to say a word, and he would become a sect elder. Any disciple who sees him have to bow and pay respects!"


 Fang Zheng felt a great pain in his heart every time he thought about this.


 If Fang Yuan really became an elder, he would have to bow and pay respects to this enemy every time he saw him! Was there fun in such a life? Was there meaning in living?


 "Master, has all the effort and hardwork I put in been in vain?" At this point, Fang Zheng was standing at Tian Ti mountain foot, waiting to meet Fang Yuan. He had unavoidably fallen into deep self-doubt.


 Lord Sky Crane quickly consoled him: "Fang Zheng, you have to adjust your mindset. Immortal Crane Sect sacrificed a lot for Hu Immortal Inheritance, we even used an Immortal Gu! For the sect, we have to look at this from the big picture, and put down our personal grudges temporarily. Fang Zheng, you have to understand, it was Immortal Crane Sect who nurtured you, now that the sect needs you make some sacrifices, you cannot forget your roots!"


 Although he said that, Lord Sky Crane was sighing in his heart.


 He understood Fang Zheng’s personality, thus his heart was even more worried.


 All along, the notion of revenge was driving Fang Zheng forward like a pillar, it was also his obsession in this cultivation journey.


 But now, the sect’s orders were for Fang Zheng to let down this obsession, this was more fatal than any injury. Most likely, after suffering such an impact, Fang Zheng would no longer have any drive left, he would let himself dwell in self-pity.


 "But what can we do? That is a blessed land, and it even contains a forbidden ground like Dang Hun mountain! The gustones on the mountain can be used by our disciples and make our entire sect’s strength surge. Other than that, Fang Yuan has blood skull Gu and fixed immortal travel Gu on him! These things are way too valuable, they are so important, how can an elite disciple compare to them at all?"


 Lord Sky Crane felt sad in his heart, but he still said to Fang Zheng: "My good disciple, you have to control your desire for revenge. A little impatience spoils great plans, treat this as a trial of your endurance! After seeing your brother, do not attack. Within the blessed land, you are not his match."


 Saying so, Lord Sky Crane recalled what He Feng Yang instructed him —


 "I know the enmity between Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng. If needed, we can sacrifice Fang Zheng, you can negotiate in place of Fang Zheng!"


 He Feng Yang’s pressure was great at the moment, all the supreme elders were looking at his actions.


 "Master, you are telling me to treat this as a trial? I... I will try." Fang Zheng loosened his clenched fist, then clenched it again, he was struggling in his heart, he felt pain and anger.


 If someone swore to get revenge, and cultivated to succession, only to find that his enemy had died. That is pain.


 If someone swore to get revenge, and cultivated to succession, but found that he could not beat his enemy, and that his enemy was still living well. That is much greater pain.


 If someone swore to get revenge, and cultivated to succession,but found out that not only was he unable to beat his enemy, he even had to use a fake friendly attitude to negotiate with him, hoping the enemy would become his superior. This was the greatest pain of all pain.


 "Hehe, Fang Zheng, don’t think much of it. Fang Yuan might not be having a good time, there is a calamity in the blessed land. You cannot imagine the might of a calamity. Even if your brother had an Immortal Gu, he is still a mortal. Soon, he will experience the terrifying powers of an earthly calamity. By then, the blessed land will be full of loopholes, and he would have suffered a huge loss. You have a high chance of succeeding in this trip." Lord Sky Crane consoled him again.


 Fang Zheng heard this and his mood became slightly more relaxed.


 "The earthly calamity is beginning." He Feng Yang muttered, he had been staying behind the scenes, firstly, it was to protect these elite disciples, secondly, it was to prevent the ill-intentions of other Gu Masters, and thirdly, if Fang Yuan could not block this earthly calamity, he would have to help out.


 At this moment, he was starting at the spot where Hu Immortal blessed land was hiding in on Tian Ti mountain, sensing that there was an aura of destruction.


 Soon, his lips curled into a smile as there was a peculiar sight on Tian Ti mountain.


 Pieces after pieces of grassland appeared on Tian Ti mountain. They were like clouds or fog, illusory and not real.


 How could there be a grassland on a mountain?


 This was the loophole of the blessed land, and a large loophole at that, allowing outsiders to see the scene inside the blessed land.


 Such a loophole could only fit Gu worms, there was still some way to go before Gu Masters can go in.


 Lord Sky Crane at the other side had already called out: "The loophole appeared, send the lightning symbol paper crane Gu in."


 Fang Zheng gritted his teeth, under everyone’s supervision, he injected primeval essence and activated the Gu worm.


 Lightning symbol paper crane Gu was fast as lightning, flying into the loophole.


 But right after, the grassland image turned into a lump of primeval essence, as it dissipated in the air. Lightning symbol paper crane Gu flew for two rounds before flying back to Fang Zheng’s hands.


 "This Fang Yuan is giving up a portion of the blessed land, completely removing it! It seems he is worried that Gu Masters might entire when the loophole turns into a tunnel." He Feng Yang was slightly shocked, but sneered soon after: "Go ahead, let’s see how much land you can discard. Every piece of land you abandon is akin to giving up your own flesh."


 But immediately after, He Feng Yang’s expression changed.


 "He’s still continuing? He’s already thrown a few square kilometers worth of land! He is really bold, no wonder he managed to snatch the inheritance."


 But a few moments later, He Feng Yang’s expression turned ugly.


 "It seems that this earthly calamity is very dangerous this time. But how much land is he going to give up? He has already thrown tens of square kilometers of land away. This wastrel!"



***
Chapter 420: Meeting of Brothers


***





 Chapter 420: Meeting of Brothers


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 On Tian Ti mountain, loopholes appeared one after another with increasing frequency.


 Not only were Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples watching carefully, many Gu Immortals were also keeping watch behind the scenes.


 During this period, Fang Zheng tried three times, finally managing to send the lightning symbol paper crane Gu into the blessed land.


 A green bird spread its wings and flew into the loopholes as well, reaching the Hu Immortal blessed land.


 "This is a letter sending green bird Gu! What is Feng Jiu Ge trying to do?" He Feng Yang saw this and his expression turned dark.


 But at the next moment, his pupils shrunk to pin-size, his mouth opened wide as he shocked an extremely flabbergasted expression.


 "My god! He’s discarding such a big area of the blessed land?!"


 He Feng yang was tongue tied, he was stunned like a statue.


 Fang Yuan discarded 600km2 worth of land, Tian Ti mountain waist was full of the blessed land’s projected image, grassland filled everyone’s vision.


 A Gu Immortal was the first to react, appearing with the flash of a sword.


 "Hahaha, what a big piece of blessed land, it is mine, don’t even think of snatching it from me!" Jian Yi Sheng shouted, wanting to pull this piece of land into his blessed land, expanding his territory.


 But at this moment, a lightning flash appeared.


 "F*ck!" Jian YI Sheng was caught unguarded, he shouted profanities as the blue charm lightning shadow sent him flying like a cannonball.


 But Jian Yi Sheng was not to be trifled with, he immediately engaged in battle with blue charm lightning shadow.


 They created a huge commotion, the earth rumbled as Immortal Crane Sect’s elite disciples watched in shock.


 The more shocking thing was, over a dozen people appeared next, taking a piece of this 600km2 land at lightning speed like a pack of hungry wolves.


 "You goddamn bastards!"


 "I lured the monster away, I made the most effort, but you guys didn’t even leave me a piece of the land!"


 "I f*ck all your ancestors!"


 "I curse you all to have constipation, all your children will be born with a chicken’s tail!"


 Jian Yi Sheng shouted angrily, he had never suffered such a great loss in his life, getting thrashed by the blue charm lightning shadow so pathetically.


 "And there is that little rascal Fang Yuan, he is really evil and daring, scheming against me like this! Fight me fairly if you have guts!" He sent out the flying sword letter Gu.


 Flying sword letter Gu was extremely fast, it could tear through space, even without a loophole, it could enter the blessed land.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s gang was in a daze.


 This, was this the mannerism of a Gu Immortal?


 "This Jian Yi Sheng is a complete disgrace to us Gu Immortals..." He Feng Yang covered his face in shame.


 At this time, a bright white-gold light appeared.


 There was a red door in the light, 30 meters tall, it had a rainbow colored plaque.


 Pink colored clouds gathered, as the rainbow light shone on Fang Zheng’s body. In the blink of an eye, Fang Zheng vanished on the spot.


 Sending blue charm lightning shadow or the desolate beast swamp crab out of the blessed land was beyond little Hu Immortal’s abilities. But to transport one Fang Zheng, it was easy.


 "He got in!" Seeing this, He Feng Yang’s heart eased.


 A flash of lightning bolt descended from the sky, it was the blue charm lightning shadow. But the white-gold light moved the red door away in time.


 By a hair’s breadth, the blue charm lightning shadow’s intention of entering the blessed land was thwarted.


 Fang Zheng felt his surroundings turn blur before he regained his sight, and the environment around him had changed completely.


 He was standing on a grassland, grass was all around him. There were clouds above him, extremely thick and dark clouds. Not far away, there are several lakes with ripples on the surface.


 "I reached Hu Immortal blessed land." Fang Zheng quickly reacted, all his Gu worms were sealed now, it was the same as during the competition.


 A smoky lump of shadow appeared before him, expanding into the size of a mirror. Fang Yuan’s figure appeared in the mirror, he was sitting with his back leaning on the chair. He was crossing his right leg over his left leg as his left hand was placed on his knee, while his right hand was holding his chin softly on top of the chair handle.


 His black hair was casually hanging over his face as his eyes squinted, showing a lazy and casual demeanour, but also gave people a sense of danger, dark and mysterious.


 "My cute little brother, to think I would see you again in Central Continent." Fang Yuan spoke.


 His voice was so foreign, yet so familiar to Fang Zheng.


 Fang Zheng’s body shuddered, his eyes burst forth with intense rage as he growled: "Gu Yu Fang Yuan, you crazy and hopeless demon, you murdered your entire clan! I will kill you personally!"


 Saying so, he rushed towards Fang Yuan.


 But this ’Fang Yuan’ was only a projection from the smoke, after Fang Zheng charged towards it, it dissipated, but quickly gathered back into a perfect image of Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Zheng pointed at Fang Yuan, shouting: "Fang Yuan, you don’t even have the courage to face me? You coward! Shameless traitor, you are an inhuman animal. So what if you died, to think that you murdered your entire clan just to preserve your life. Such an outrageous act, how could you do it? Are you still human?!"


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed heartily, casually leaning on his chair: "My cute little brother, you are still stupid as ever. Regardless of whether I did anything, they were going to die. If that is so, why can’t I live? If not for my counterattack, do you think you would be brought back to Central Continent? In fact, I saved your life. I am your benefactor."


 "Dog shit! You are distorting the truth, you are unbelievably shameless!" Fang Zheng heard Fang Yuan’s words, and was extremely angered by it.


 Fang Yuan’s laughter came to a stop, he sighed: "Fang Zheng, my brother, you are a huge disappointment. All these years, you have not improved one bit. No matter how high your cultivation is, you are just a pawn piece. Alright, let’s talk business. I’ve seen Immortal Crane Sect’s letter, don’t bother mentioning those ridiculous promises like making me an elder. We can however, go through with the transaction and deals."


 Fang Zheng’s chest was moving up and down, his breathing was heavy as he stared at Fang Yuan’s image with hatred.


 This pair of twins, they looked almost identical, and had closest blood relation in them. Unfortunately, they were life-and-death enemies.


 Fang Zheng took a few deep breaths, holding in his killing intent towards Fang Yuan, thinking of the clan’s instructions: "Within Hu Immortal blessed land, our sect is not interested in the fox groups or Gu worms. But the gutstones on Dang Hun mountain have some value. We will send disciples here by batches, you will bring them to Dang Hun mountain..."


 "Stop." Before Fang Zheng finished speaking, he was interrupted by Fang Yuan: "I do not believe your Immortal Crane Sect’s sincerity."


 "This is what I want, prepare it for me as soon as possible, and hand it over to me. I do not have primeval stones, but I have the swamp crab’s corpse to trade instead. The details are in the letter, go back and consider it."


 Once he finished speaking, a small lightning bolt flew and landed in Fang Zheng’s hand.


 It was that lightning symbol paper crane Gu.


 This lightning symbol paper crane Gu had already been refined by Fang Yuan, and was now used by him. The contents included the Gu worms and materials Fang Yuan wanted, as well as details on the swamp crab’s blood, meat, bones, and shell etc.


 Fang Zheng raised his head, and wanted to speak, but he saw the scene before him change — he had been transported out already.


 "Check around, are there any suspicious things?" After Fang Zheng left, Fang Yuan did not relax, but instead gave instructions to land spirit.


 The blessed land could not restrict Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan did not meet with Fang Zheng personally because he was worried about him bringing an Immortal Gu.


 Immortal Crane Sect had a lot of resources, they had quite a lot of Immortal Gu.


 Although Fang Zheng’s aperture was not able to carry Immortal Gu, as the aura would easily leak, all sorts of things could happen in the Gu world, there were definitely methods to conceal an Immortal Gu’s aura. Fang Yuan had to guard against this.


 The land spirit checked for a few times and there were no problems, at this point, Fang Yuan finally relaxed.


 "After the earthly calamity, will the situation improve from here?" Fang Yuan squinted his eyes, considering his current predicament.


 The current situation was way more advantageous for him than he expected.


 In order to devour Hu Immortal blessed land alone, Immortal Crane Sect shield him. Such guts, it was expected of one of the ten great sects of central continent!


 Benefits above everything, enemies and friends were all built on this basis.


 Using common words, it was the foresight of a ’big picture’. Restricted by the sect system, and under the pressure of the ’big picture’, so what if Fang Zheng hated him? He still had to come over and discuss the transactions.


 "Once they realize that they could not capture me so easily, that being forceful would just destroy everything, Immortal Crane Sect would naturally come to negotiate with me, to make transactions. Even if outsiders find out, there would be no rumors of ’allying with the demonic path’. That is because, Immortal Crane Sect had already admitted that I am a part of their sect! It was a meticulous decision."


 "But this is what I needed too. Even if this disciple identity is so fake, it is enough to drive away the other forces. Looking at Jian Yi Sheng and Feng Jiu Ge’s letters, one can easily tell how precious this identity is." Fang Yuan thought about it, he did not mind this.


 The truth is, he is still in the demonic path, he is still alone, doing things his way, no one could restrict him.


 But at the same time, he could do transactions, and exchange for resources he needed.


 "Originally, I wanted to go to Lang Ya blessed land and snatch connecting heaven Gu. But now that I can deal with Immortal Crane Sect, I do not need to do that. Although, with Hu Immortal blessed land being in my possession, Immortal Crane Sect would not let this go, they are making deals at this point because of wariness, and that they have no choice for now. I cannot be careless and give them a weakness to exploit."


 Fang Yuan reminded himself. As for his brother Fang Zheng, that was secondary.


 Killing him would only be for the blood skull Gu, to raise the aperture’s aptitude by a little. The problem it would bring is making an enemy out of Immortal Crane Sect, and putting himself into grave danger.


 Killing his own brother is a pure demonic act, if outsiders find out, it would be interpreted as Fang Yuan betraying Immortal Crane Sect. At that point, the ten sects and numerous demonic Gu Immortals would place their greedy gazes towards Hu Immortal blessed land.


 There is no such thing as an absolute secret, once the matter is exposed, even if Immortal Crane Sect wanted to continue acting, they would not be able to.


 Fang Yuan’s current situation was, raising aptitude was less important than his other objectives.


 Even if his aptitude was raised, he still needed resources to cultivate.


 The most important point now was to stabilize the situation and make full use of the blessed land’s resources to convert them into his own strength!



***
Chapter 421: Development of the Rockmen Tribe


***





 Chapter 421: Development of the Rockmen Tribe


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 He Feng Yang carefully read the detailed content of the lightning letter.


 Fang Yuan only made three types of requests; primeval stones, Gu worms and materials.


 "Requesting for five million primeval stones? No problem! Let alone five million, it is no issue even if he wanted ten million or fifty million." He Feng Yang grinned.


 When one reached the Gu Immortal realm, their attention was on immortal essence. They could have any amount of primeval stones they wanted, it was simply not a thing of concern.


 "Huh? Five spring egg Gu?" He Feng Yang was slightly dazed.


 Spring egg Gu was a rank five Gu that had the appearance of a white goose egg; it was obtained from killing specific eggmen.


 Placing spring egg Gu deep underground could form a spirit spring eye. That means, it could grow a spirit spring.


 Every spring egg Gu represented a small scale spirit spring.


 Every small scale spirit spring could produce at least a hundred million primeval stones from the moment they formed till they disappeared!


 However, spring egg Gu’s price was much higher than hundred million primeval stones. Gu Immortals would frequently buy it and plant it in their blessed land to form spirit springs and provide spiritual essence to all living beings.


 Sufficient spirit springs meant the primeval energy in the blessed land would be thicker and be beneficial to the cultivation and nurturing of Gu worms.


 Conversely, if there were no spirit springs, the primeval energy in the blessed land would be created by diluting the immortal essence.


 From a certain aspect, spirit springs could cut down the use of immortal essence.


 "To think this Fang Yuan, a mere mortal, also knows the importance of spring egg Gu. But this Gu, even Gu Immortals have a lot of demand for it, how could we give you five of them? Three is enough, the Hu Immortal blessed land you are managing will sooner or later become our Immortal Crane Sect’s property."


 He Feng Yang’s gaze moved over the list.


 Below, Fang Yuan had mentioned many Gu worms.


 "What does he want so many low ranked Gu worms for?" He Feng Yang felt some doubts.


 If Fang Yuan demanded those rare and powerful rank five Gu worms, it would be understandable. However, what he was requesting for were some rank two and rank three Gu worms. Although he mentioned some rank four Gu, it was just a few.


 "Hmph, I understand. This kid has strong vigilance! He is afraid that if he directly asks for rank five Gu, we would tamper with it, and so he intends to refine the Gu himself. Gu refinement process involves many subtle details, if the Gu worms had been tampered with, it would definitely destroy the whole refinement process. Conversely, a successfully refined Gu would be completely clean and secure."


 He Feng Yang felt somewhat irritated.


 He originally had such an intention, but now he knew that this scheme could not be implemented and was already useless.


 "This kid is not easy to deal with... but, how would he know so many Gu refinement recipes? His background is definitely not simple!" He Feng Yang felt some apprehension inwardly.


 He thought for a while more and laughed.


 "This Fang Yuan doesn’t know what’s good for him! Are Gu so easy to refine? Every Gu refinement needs huge resources. The higher the rank of the Gu to be refined, the higher the chances of failure and higher the losses. You kid, just how old are you? Gu refinement cannot succeed just with innate talent, even more importantly, you need experience and accumulation."


 He Feng Yang did not know the exact details of Fang Yuan, and even more importantly he did not know that fixed immortal travel Gu was refined by Fang Yuan. If he knew, he would definitely not be able to laugh.


 He Feng Yang continued to read.


 "Huh? He has requested relic Gu too. A yellow gold relic Gu and three purple crystal relic Gu?" He Feng Yang’s gaze paused as he understood Fang Yuan’s scheme.


 Fang Yuan had rank four upper stage cultivation, this was already noticed by the ten sects’ Gu Immortals and was not a secret.


 If Fang Yuan used a yellow gold relic Gu, he would be at rank four peak stage. After advancing to rank five initial stage, he could use the three purple crystal relic Gu one by one and directly jump to rank five peak stage.


 Immortal Crane Sect was one of the ten great sects of Central Continent and had abundant resources, it naturally had these relic Gu. Every year, there would be disciples and elders who would contribute the relic Gu they obtained to the sect in exchange for contribution points. And the sect would place these green copper to purple crystal relic Gu as rewards for sect missions.


 He Feng Yang could easily bring out these relic Gu, but letting Fang Yuan advance to rank five so fast did not sit well with Immortal Crane Sect’s benefits!


 "Hehehe, I will first hand over one purple crystal Gu to create envy in this kid. These relic Gu are the things he wants the most, we will use it to get a hold on him and make him exchange them with guts Gu!"


 He Feng Yang continued to read the letter, after the Gu worms were names of some materials.


 These materials were also common for the most part. Although there were some precious Gu refinement materials listed, they were few in number.


 "It seems this kid’s main plan is to refine Gu. Hmph, you want to refine? Go ahead. But why does he need star heron bile, toad stones, ascension wine, and these other extremely uncommon materials?"


 There were very few recipes that included the use of these materials, some of these materials had value that could compare to parts of a desolate beast. Even He Feng Yang would have to expend some effort to get these things.


 "Whether this kid is deliberately mystifying it to scatter my attention or is really refining some rare Gu, I cannot give all these materials to him at once. I need to make him feel anxious to probe out his true intent. Hmm, for this transaction, I will give him a vat of ascension wine."


 This ascension wine was a top quality wine brewed by Immortal Crane Sect’s supreme third elder. Over a hundred years ago, He Feng Yang had officially sided with the third elder. In the banquet, the supreme third elder was in a great mood and rewarded him with three vats of ascension wine.


 Supreme third elder liked drinking wine and it was one of his hobbies. However, He Feng Yang did not like to drink and ascension wine was worthless to him.


 He Feng Yang saw each part of the desolate beast listed at the end of the letter.


 He licked his lips.


 This was a desolate beast, an existence that could be compared to Gu Immortals!


 "Such a complete desolate beast corpse, looks like the earthly calamity this time was the desolate beast calamity. This kid’s luck is really good, using Dang Hun mountain to destroy the swamp crab’s soul and obtain such a complete corpse."


 He Feng Yang instantly guessed the details of the earthly calamity.


 "We can completely procure this swamp crab, but why has he not requested rockmen? Could it be that he does not know of the rockmen because of limited knowledge? Or is it because the group that migrated at that time is still alive? There is too little information."


 What was the situation in Hu Immortal blessed land, how did Fang Yuan obtained fixed immortal travel Gu, who was behind him; He Feng Yang did not know the answers to any of these questions.


 The five great regions - central continent, southern border, northern plains, western desert and eastern sea - were mutually independent, separated by barriers and each of them were incomparably vast.


 Immortal Crane Sect had yet to grasp the whole central continent, let alone make contact with every region of southern border.


 However, after Fang Yuan seized Hu Immortal’s inheritance, Immortal Crane Sect had already sent elders to southern border to investigate.


 ...


 Several days later.


 "We’re here, plant the spirit spring at this location." On the grassland, Fang Yuan stopped walking and said to little Hu Immortal following behind him.


 Little Hu Immortal nodded her little head and raised her palm upon which a spring egg Gu flew out.


 Spring egg Gu landed on the ground and drilled deep underground. Within moments, Fang Yuan felt the ground shake and could hear the sound of flowing water becoming louder rapidly.


 And then, a fountain of spring water spurted out of the ground and flew as high as twenty to thirty meters.


 The spring water was milky white and produced water vapor. After a few breaths’ time, Fang Yuan could feel the primeval energy in the air becoming very dense.


 "Primeval energy is the origin energy of all living beings; with the increase in primeval energy, the land will become more fertile, vegetation will flourish and beast groups will prosper even more, there will be a lot of benefits to the rockmen as well." Fang Yuan nodded his head in satisfaction.


 The transaction with Immortal Crane Sect was a success. Fang Yuan sold the whole swamp crab’s corpse and in return obtained most of the things he needed.


 Among them were three spring egg Gu.


 This spring egg Gu was a rank five Gu and was a one time expendable Gu that could turn into a small scale spirit spring.


 It had a high demand on primeval essence to be activated and even rank five upper stage Gu Masters would have to exhaust all their primeval essence to succeed in activating it.


 Fang Yuan was only at rank four upper stage and was absolutely unable to activate spring egg Gu. But fortunately, he had the little Hu Immortal land spirit as his helper.


 Fang Yuan buried these three spring egg Gu near the rockmen tribes.


 After the trial of the sixth earthly calamity, there were only a few pitiful fox groups left in Hu Immortal blessed land and were not worth nurturing. Fang Yuan thus put all his attention on the rockmen tribes.


 Now, there were only a few hundreds rockmen left, much lesser than the foxes. However, with Dang Hun mountain and these three spirit springs, the rockmen tribes could rapidly grow and develop.


 "Hehehe, Master, this is awesome! With three spirit springs, our green grape immortal essence expenditure will greatly reduce." Little Hu Immortal looked at the spurting spring water and narrowed her eyes in happiness.


 "These three spirit springs can produce at least three hundred million primeval stones and can last for fifty to sixty years. But if we look at the whole blessed land, it is far from enough. It is lacking even for the southern area of the blessed land." Fang Yuan calculated.


 Spirit springs were classified into small scale, mid-scale and large scale.


 Small scale spirit springs could last for fifty to sixty years; mid-scale spirit spring could last for about a hundred years and more; large scale spirit spring could last for centuries.


 The spurting spring water loosened the surrounding soil and the spring mouth gradually enlarged. The force of the spring water was not enough and its height slowly reduced.


 In four to five days, the spring mouth would form and the spirit spring would start flowing, spreading to the surrounding soil. In several months, the dense primeval energy would condense into the first batch of primeval stones.


 "Let’s return. The rockmen tribes should be having the time of their lives now." Fang Yuan commanded the land spirit.


 The next moment, the two teleported to Dang Hun mountain.


 "Heavens, so many gutstones!"


 "The place is in a mess, there definitely was a huge battle here. Maybe that male immortal is already dead."


 "Our rockmen tribes’ glorious days are coming!!"


 "We will have endless offsprings. Tribe leader Yan Yong, we can establish the world’s largest rockmen tribe!"


 The rockmen cheered and shouted, indulging in this moment of happiness and fortune.


 Dang Hun mountain was filled with gutstones. There was one every five steps.


 The rockmen struck the gutstones in a frenzy and strengthened their soul.


 There were many young rockmen who also struck the gutstones and rapidly strengthened their newborn souls, allowing them to control more rocks as their body.


 There were only a few hundreds rockmen at first, but in only a day, their population expanded by ten times!


 The more the population grew, the faster they multiplied.


 On the morning of the second day, their population broke ten thousand. On the evening of the third day, their numbers reached three hundred thousand.


 All the gutstones on Dang Hun mountain were plucked clean.


 On the fourth day, Dang Hun mountain started emitting pressure and the rockmen could only reluctantly leave the place, majestically returning to their homes.


 There were unexpected gifts, the new three spirit springs, waiting for them there.



***
Chapter 422: Spectral Soul Demon Venerable


***





 Chapter 422: Spectral Soul Demon Venerable


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Blub blub blub blub...


 In a huge five-man-tall cauldron, green-blue colored liquid was bubbling inside.


 The liquid seemed to be boiling, but cold air was emitting from it, even a rockman’s hand would turn into an icicle if he placed it in.


 Fang Yuan stood before the large cauldron, multitasking as he controlled it while taking out a primeval elder Gu.


 He multitasked, activating primeval elder Gu as primeval stones flew out from within.


 Plop plop plop...


 Primeval stones caused a splash when they entered the cauldron.


 Primeval elder Gu was a rank three storage Gu, it could hold up to a million primeval stones. It was shaped like a crystal ball, half transparent with clouds forming into an old man inside. The old man smiled when there were a lot of primeval stones inside, and cried with there were few primeval stones.


 As large amounts of primeval stones were thrown in, the old man’s smile turned into a bitter expression.


 Fang Yuan expended around half a million primeval stones for this refinement.


 If it was the past, he would not be able to afford it. But now, he is affluent, after he sold the desolate beast swamp crab and bought quite a bit of things, he had around six million primeval stones left.


 As primeval stones were thrown in, a large spiral formed inside the cauldron, causing the liquid to flow faster. The cauldron was slightly shaking.


 At this crucial moment, Fang Yuan invested all his concentration into it, he could not be distracted anymore.


 Sweat quickly formed on his forehead, he could only call out: "Land spirit."


 "Yes!" Little Hu Immortal responded quickly, throwing pieces and pieces of silver ingots into the cauldron.


 The ingots entered the liquid, causing the spiral to slow down.


 One by one, the ingots fell in until the surface of the cauldron became still, forming into silver colored ice.


 Eventually, all the liquid inside was frozen, large amounts of silver colored mist flew out, freezing the entire cauldron, in fact, it extended five steps from the cauldron, dying the ground silver.


 Fang Yuan breathed heavily: "After refining Gu for three days, it’s finally done. Up!"


 Silver colored ice broke apart, and Gu worms flew out.


 These Gu were all rank three, they were shaped like little cups, while also resembling trumpet flowers. Three of them could fit on one palm.


 They were silver in color, used to hold liquid or store Gu worms.


 Little Hu Immortal counted, smiling brightly, clapping her hands: "Hundred and thirty seven, hundred and forty-six, hundred and fifty-nine! Master, you are amazing, refining a hundred and fifty-nine rank three Gu worms at once. We can sell these for quite a sum, what are these Gu worms?"


 "Hehe, these are silver cup Gu, we have to use them to refine Gu, they are not for sale." Fang Yuan smiled.


 Three hundred and eighty years into Fang Yuan’s previous life, these silver cup Gu were created by a Gu Immortal. Continuing to refine them until they were rank five, that was the Gu Fang Yuan needed.


 Of course they could not be sold now.


 "These days, I used a large number of guts Gu to raise my soul to fifty-two times of a normal person. Thus, I did not feel much fatigue, and was able to refine so many Gu at once." Fang Yuan was extremely pleased with the results of this refinement.


 The benefits of having a strong foundation in his soul was shown here.


 If He Feng Yang saw this, he would no longer underestimate Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan’s ability at refining Gu had already greatly exceeded his own.


 But his head was still dizzy.


 Every Gu refinement caused a strain on the soul, it used a lot of mental energy, not to mention Fang Yuan’s large-scale refinement.


 If it was before, Fang Yuan could only sleep to rest his soul. But now, he had a better method.


 "Land spirit, this cauldron is useless now, get rid of it, I am going outside to walk."


 "Yes master." Little Hu Immortal immediately got to work.


 Three to four days had already passed, large numbers of gutstones had formed on Dang Hun mountain.


 Fang Yuan casually stepped on a few pieces, the guts Gu that flew out recovered his soul, even strengthening it.


 Fang Yuan instantly felt the dizziness go away from his head, he could think at lightning speed.


 He laughed heartily: "This guts Gu is truly a divine Gu, the effect is so amazing. In that case, I shall strengthen my soul to the limit today."


 Sixty-eight times! Fang Yuan felt refreshed, his movements were extremely fast and light.


 Seventy-seven times! Fang Yuan could think at lightning speed, every thought moved like a spark.


 Eighty-five times! Fang Yuan’s soul had already vaguely hit his body’s limit.


 Ninety-two times! Fang Yuan could clearly feel his own soul. In his perception, his soul was grey-white color, its outer appearance was just like Fang Yuan’s appearance, except it was extremely strong, muscular and had a bear-tiger like body. As for Fang Yuan, although his body was muscular, he only had muscular shoulders with a thin waist. His soul was quite squeezed inside this body.


 Was he at his limit?


 Ninety-three times! Fang Yuan used one more guts Gu, his soul strengthened once again. This time, Fang Yuan felt an unprecedented feeling, it was amazing and comfortable. It felt a hundred times better than taking drugs, eating good food, or having intercourse! It made a strong man like Fang Yuan groan out in pleasure.


 An indescribable sensation of comfort and addiction made him savour this feeling, unable to forget it.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone in a cold light, his heart became alert.


 He stepped on a few more gutstone, and his soul got stronger again. The feeling of comfort this time was much more intense than before!


 Ninety-seven times, ninety-eight times, ninety-nine times!


 The feeling came from deep within his soul, it was so intense that Fang Yuan’s body shuddered, his bones felt like they were melting and his muscles were twitching, it could not be described with words.


 A hundred times!


 The intense sensation and addiction assaulted like a tornado, Fang Yuan almost fainted from this.


 "This is the limit, I cannot use the guts Gu anymore!" Fang Yuan bit the tip of his tongue, using the pain to keep himself conscious, not falling into addiction.


 Normal people could only strengthen their soul by a hundred times, it was called hundred man soul!


 This was also the extreme limit. If the soul strengthened just a bit more, it would explode in a loud bang. Like a stomach that burst from overeating.


 But the explosion of the soul was many times more severe than the bursting of a stomach. The soul would complete disperse in the air, completely destroyed, the flesh would be preserved for a while before rotting away, revealing the white skeleton.


 If Fang Yuan indulged in the feeling, and used one more guts Gu, he would not even have the time to use Spring Autumn Cicada, he would die immediately, wiped off from this world.


 Too bad I don’t have Luo Po valley, inside it, there is the bewilderment fog that can loosen the soul. There is also the Luo Po wind that can cut the soul. After torture and trials, the soul will become more refined and condensed." Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 Simply strengthening the soul was a quantitative advantage. Only through refinement and purification can there be a qualitative advantage.


 In this world, there were many Gu Masters who cultivated their soul, they were called soul path Gu Masters. Soul path and strength path were at the same level, glorious during the ancient times. Except, strength path was now at its lowest point, while soul path was staying strong, it was the largest path in the current world.


 The Gu Master who created the soul path is renowned in the entire world’s history.


 He is Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 Rank nine Gu Master, standing at the top of the universe, looking down at mortals plainly, he was truly invincible, a legend who dominated his era.


 At the same time, he was the rank nine Gu Immortal with the greatest killing nature.


 Among all Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables, he killed the most people. During his dark era, he made the five regions into his personal slaughterhouse. All living beings were his livestock, they had no way to resist.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable once said: In this huge world, Dang Hun mountain is the best at strengthening soul, and Luo Po valley is the best at refining soul. One mountain and one valley, if one had both, they would achieve great success in the soul path, and they would be able to dominate the world.


 Thus, Dang Hun mountain and Luo Po valley were the two sacred lands of soul path Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan obtaining Dang Hun mountain was a huge blessing, he got a great deal from his rebirth. If he wanted to get Luo Po Valley, there was little hope, he did not know where it was.


 "But, even without Luo Po valley, I can use other soul path Gu worms to replace it. Divine soul Gu, dragon soul Gu, ice soul Gu, dream soul Gu, moon soul Gu, general soul Gu, grudge soul Gu, poem soul Gu and others, they can all refine my soul and allow me to continue strengthening my soul, to break through hundred man soul, to reach thousand man soul, or even ten thousand man soul."


 He could not get these Gu from Immortal Crane Sect. That is because these Gu that were directly used on the soul, if Immortal Crane Sect did something to them, it would be too dangerous.


 But Fang Yuan knew very little of these Gu worms’ recipes. Most importantly, he has not decided on which Gu would suit him the most.


 "For now, hundred man soul is sufficient to deal with my problems, I should place my energy on how to trade rockmen." Fang Yuan’s train of thought came back to the matter at hand.


 He had already sold swamp crab, but next, he did not intend to sell the gutstones.


 If he sold gutstones, that would strengthen Immortal Crane Sect, that was not favorable.


 For the following days, Fang Yuan continued to refine Gu while cleansing his aperture.


 A month passed quickly, with the nine eyes liquor worm’s help, Fang Yuan successfully advanced to rank four peak stage.


 At the same time, he refined a hundred and fifty-five gold cup Gu.


 Gold cup Gu and silver cup Gu were about the same, they were rank three Gu used to store fluids.


 Next, he used both silver cup Gu and gold cup Gu in refinement, after seven days and six nights, his luck was not bad, he obtained three rank four gold and silver cup Gu.


 He put down his work at hand, and turned his attention to the rockmen: "So many days have passed, the rockmen should’ve reproduced already."


 In a rockman’s life, most of the time was spent on sleeping.


 Normally, when a rockman reaches three hundred years old, his soul would accumulate to a degree, and he would produce an offspring. Next, every two hundred years, he will produce one young rockman.


 Without accidents, a rockman can live to a thousand years, and they would have four offsprings when they die.


 But because of the gutstones, the rockmen tribes expanded rapidly, they had around three hundred thousand tribesmen now.


 The increased numbers caused the internal conflicts among rockmen to increase, intensify, and erupt.


 Rockmen’s social system was very relaxed, it could at most govern a hundred thousand people. As expected, after some political strifes, the rockmen split into three groups, each with around a hundred thousand people, each occupying one spirit spring, making their new homes there.


 Fang Yuan took out the new slavery Gu that he made and handed them to the little Hu Immortal.


 Slavery Gu, ranged from rank one to five. Fang Yuan refined rank three slavery Gu only, it was enough to enslave the rockmen tribes.


 Little Hu Immortal teleported the slavery Gu for about ten thousand miles away, using them on the most crucial rockmen.


 The rockmen’s soul were not Fang Yuan’s match, they were easily enslaved.


 In the blink of an eye, Fang Yuan controlled three rockmen tribe leaders including Yan Yong, as well as over a dozen rockmen tribe elders.


 At once, the three hundred thousand rockmen were under his control.


 Governing many lives and making great changes with just a wave of his hand, this was already showing the ability of a Gu Immortal!



***
Chapter 423: Fang Yuan you little bastard!


***





 Chapter 423: Fang Yuan you little bastard!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Not selling gutstones, but selling rockmen instead?" He Feng Yang looked at the letter in his hand with a grim expression.


 In Hu Immortal blessed land, the guts Gu from Dang Hun mountain was the thing Immortal Crane Sect needed the most. Once they had the guts Gu to raise the foundation of their disciples’ soul, Immortal Crane Sect’s strength in terms of disciples would rise by thirty percent.


 Furthermore, gutstones could not leave Dang Hun mountain, they could only be used on the spot. Thus, with this reason, Immortal Crane Sect disciples could freely enter Hu Immortal blessed land. As time passed, Fang Yuan’s alertness would gradually fall, and Immortal Crane Sect would be free to set up some traps inside the blessed land.


 But Fang Yuan adamantly refused to sell the gutstones, He Feng Yang was very troubled: "Since when did great Gu Immortals like myself have to be subjected to such difficulties from a mere mortal rascal?!"


 He gritted his teeth as he thought, his handsome young face distorting with anger.


 He had battle strength, but he could not display them. Fang Yuan was hiding inside the blessed land like a tortoise, he also had fixed immortal travel Gu and could leave at any time. He Feng Yang, and even the entire Immortal Crane Sect were afraid of his trump cards, and thus did not dare to attack.


 "It seems the rockmen that Hu Immortal brought into her blessed land are still alive. But this Fang Yuan is selling so many of these rockmen now, just how many guts Gu did he use to create them!"


 Thinking of this, He Feng Yang’s heart was bleeding.


 Several months had passed since the last transaction. The time in Hu Immortal blessed land was five times faster, thus he had around a year or so.


 Fang Yuan nurtured so many young and strong rockmen, if these expended guts Gu were given to Immortal Crane Sect, and used to nurture disciples, how good would that be?


 But this rascal Fang Yuan, he would rather nurture rockmen than give these guts Gu to Immortal Crane Sect. His motives are execrable, execrable!


 What made He Feng Yang most furious was not just this. Most importantly, he was angry at himself — these rockmen that Fang Yuan was selling, even if he was a Gu Immortal, his heart was moved.


 In a blessed land, if there were ample rockmen, Gu immortals could develop their underground land and excavate large amounts of resources.


 All sorts of metals, gems, ore, as well as Gu worms, underground animals, they could be endlessly obtained.


 Other than that, if they had enough rockmen, they can build an underground city, this was, in a way, expanding the blessed land’s territory.


 If there was no manpower in the blessed land, the resources Gu Immortals excavate would mostly be from the surface, it was limited. But if they had rockmen, and could even use the resources underground, the profits would be many times more than before.


 Thus, in the market, rockmen were in high demand and low supply.


 A rockman’s life is mostly spent on sleeping. An ordinary rockman lives to a thousand years old, in one life, they have four children.


 It was not impossible to use soul path Gu worms on them to raise their soul’s strength, many Gu Immortals tried it, but none succeeded.


 There was only one reason, cost.


 The value of a soul path Gu worms greatly exceeded a single rockman.


 Unless a Gu Immortal has a special need for rockmen, they would never profit from this.


 In this world, only Fang Yuan who controlled Dang Hun mountain could nurture rockmen on such a scale.


 Furthermore, the price Fang Yuan quoted in this transaction was also very appealing. Even if Immortal Crane Sect did not need it, they could resell it and earn at a huge profit.


 But because this was such a good deal, He Feng Yang felt extremely troubled.


 He knew this was bait from Fang Yuan.


 Not afraid that you aren’t moved, just afraid you won’t take the bait!


 Just as Fang Yuan had expected, He Feng Yang was already inclined towards the deal, not just him, Immortal Crane Sect would also be moved, and other Gu Immortals would also want this deal. The rockmen trading business could flourish for at least a hundred years.


 "This wicked little rascal Fang Yuan, he is really devious. But with this batch of rockmen, I could show some results to supreme grand elder, second elder, and third elder, I can also make Lei Tan shut up. I can catch a breather in that case." He Feng Yang breathed heavily, calming his mind.


 He squinted his eyes, his mouth curling into a cold smile: "But don’t be too smug Fang Yuan. Tit for tat, if you don’t sell guts Gu, I will not sell relic Gu. Didn’t you want yellow gold relic Gu and purple crystal relic Gu? No way in hell!"


 ...


 Fang Yuan laid on his chair, looking at Immortal Crane Sect’s reply.


 Because blue charm lightning shadow was still guarding Tian Ti mountain, little Hu Immortal did not dare to open the blessed land’s doors, thus Immortal Crane Sect used the flying sword letter Gu this time.


 Fang Yuan took a look and understood the content.


 In He Feng Yang’s letter, other than agreeing to the deal, he also stated his objective: to buy guts Gu. For the guts Gu, he could sell relic Gu, or even lend a hand to help survive the seventh earthly calamity.


 Fang Yuan chuckled continuously.


 Letting He Feng Yang into Hu Immortal blessed land was a greater danger than the calamity itself, that was impossible.


 As for the relic Gu, did he think that threat would be Fang Yuan’s weakness? What a laughable idea.


 "I will definitely not sell the guts Gu, but I can sell rockmen, I have no worries about attracting Immortal Crane Sect. But I cannot just deal with Immortal Crane Sect alone, I also need to expand my business further." Fang Yuan considered.


 With his five hundred years of experience, Fang Yuan knew that his sale price as lower than the market value.


 Immortal Crane Sect would definitely profit from this trade.


 But this was also arranged by Fang Yuan.


 That is because at the moment, he needed his identity as an Immortal Crane Sect disciple, thus he also needed to maintain and sustain this fictitious relationship.


 "With this profit, He Feng Yang’s pressure would be lifted off him, he wants my blessed land, but I also need time to grow. After I become a Gu Immortal, would I still be afraid of Immortal Crane Sect?" Fang Yuan laughed plainly.


 He looked at the letter again, at the end of it, He Feng Yang decided on a time, and requested Fang Yuan to open the door, to send in the hole earth Gu.


 This was a very large scale transaction, Fang Yuan was going to sell sixty thousand rockmen. But these rockmen could not leave from the blessed land’s doors.


 At the moment, that blue charm lightning shadow was still moving around Tian Ti mountain. If the doors were opened, and it managed to rush in, Fang Yuan would be in huge trouble.


 Thus in this situation, he needed to use hole earth Gu.


 This Gu was rank five, and consisted of two Gu, the main Gu and the sub Gu.


 Its biggest use was to connect the two places with one tunnel. The Gu Master will enter from the sub Gu, and come out from the main Gu, similarly for the opposite direction as well.


 Hole earth Gu was often used to connect two blessed lands. Normally, hole earth Gu was used to transport and send resources. During war or battles, reinforcements could be sent in via the hole earth Gu, assisting immediately.


 "To undergo the transaction and send these rockmen away, hole earth Gu has to be used inevitably. But I am worried that your hole earth Gu might have some traps in it, I’d rather refine it myself."


 Fang Yuan thought about this and leaked the Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, refining the flying sword letter Gu and rapidly writing a letter back to He Feng Yang.


 Half a day later, He Feng Yang received the letter, looking at it only to find large amounts of Gu worms listed in it, and all sorts of ingredients.


 "Oh? You don’t want to use my hole earth Gu, but you improved on the recipe and want to refine the new version yourself?" He Feng Yang was furious.


 "Bullshit! Hole earth Gu has already been used for five hundred years, the recipe is known by all Gu Immortals, you think you can refine it further? Fang Yuan, this rascal’s alertness is too high, he wants to use this chance to extort me, so that I would not dare to reject his deals again. I don’t need to see to know that the relic Gu or spring egg Gu or some rare Gu worms in the strength path is included... eh? None?"


 He Feng Yang gave it a glance, but did not see any relic Gu, spring egg Gu, or any strength path Gu listed.


 But there were a lot of uncommon Gu, and even some low ranking Gu worms. The highest was rank five Gu worms, the earth path build a mountain Gu, normally used to increase the success rate of Gu refinement. Other than that, he requested a lot of rank four Gu, the commonly seen moving form Gu, and the very useful another perspective Gu.


 He Feng Yang wavered: "Looking at this list, it seems he really is going to refine Gu. As long as his luck is okay, the materials are enough to refine three hole earth Gu. Don’t tell me, he really improved the recipe of hole earth Gu? No, Fang Yuan is a mere mortal, how can this be? But what if he has a Gu Immortal behind him?"


 If it was an improved recipe, then the new Gu would definitely be far stronger than hole earth Gu.


 He Feng Yang’s heart wavered.


 Even if he could not get the recipe, after Fang Yuan succeeds the refinement, he would have to give the sub Gu to him. By then, he as a Gu immortal would be able to infer many details about the Gu from that sub Gu, and he has a high chance of recreating the same recipe.


 Two days later, Fang Yuan received the letter.


 Fang Yuan opened it and looked, just as he expected, He Feng Yang made all sorts of excuses inside the letter, intentionally reducing the amount of many materials and Gu worms, his motive was clear, he wanted to probe Fang Yuan’s true recipe.


 Fang Yuan laughed and shook his head while sighing, this He Feng Yang was too meticulous in this thoughts, this was both a strength and a weakness.


 Although they had interacted for merely a few times, Fang Yuan had already seen through him.


 Fang Yuan replied blandly that He Feng Yang was not to reduce any of the materials, otherwise the refinement would fail.


 But He Feng Yang continued to argue and bargain, he said so much garbage that he almost believed his own excuses.


 After a few times, Fang Yuan "helplessly" chose to give in, writing another list.


 "Lad, you are too young to compete with me." He Feng Yang saw this letter than handed over a portion of the materials, while finding excuses to delay the others.


 With the constant stalling, they wasted about eight to nine days.


 Only until Fang Yuan showed an extremely helpless and angry attitude did He Feng Yang stop, realizing that the time was ripe, using the sixth list which had far less materials to do his research.


 But his Gu refinement skills were not good, even after researching it thoroughly, and trying a few times, he did not get any results.


 Half a month later, in central continent’s time, he received the hole earth Gu from Fang Yuan.


 He received it like a treasure, going into deep research again.


 But this time, he spent three days before successfully reverse-engineering the recipe.


 Looking at this recipe, He Feng Yang screamed: "Fang Yuan, you little bastard! This is the normal recipe for hole earth Gu!"


 Immediately, he screamed and scolded Fang Yuan calling him shameless, unscrupulous, devious, vile, and his insults even extended to Fang Yuan’s ancestors.



***
Chapter 424: We are going to slay an Immortal


***





 Chapter 424: We are going to slay an Immortal


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The west area of the blessed land was a vast grassland.


 It was a scene of green that extended all over the place. A newborn fox was having fun playing with a fluttering butterfly.


 In Hu Immortal blessed land, foxes were the strongest predator and thus had worry-free lives.


 Although they suffered an extreme grave loss during the sixth earthly calamity, they did not die out completely. On the vast grassland, the fox groups were slowly but surely growing.


 Suddenly, the space rippled and two figures appeared scaring the little fox away.


 One was a man wearing a black robe, he was tall and valiant with black hair and eyes as deep as abyss. The other was a cute and young girl who was wearing colorful clothes, her eyes shone like stars and she had a snowy-white soft fluffy tail, the thin and long fur on her tail slightly shook with the wind.


 They were none other than Fang Yuan and little Hu Immortal land spirit.


 "The position is good, it should be here." Fang Yuan looked around before taking out a hole earth Gu from his aperture.


 This Gu looked like a walnut with a wooden and uneven surface, and was as large as a watermelon.


 Hole earth Gu was a rank five Gu and required at least a rank five peak stage Gu Master to activate it with all his primeval essence.


 Fang Yuan naturally could not do it, thus he gave the Gu to the land spirit.


 After little Hu Immortal activated it, the hole earth Gu immediately burst out with intense scarlet rays of light before piercing into the ground.


 In an instant, red light shot to the sky and 50km of ground shook.


 The red light abruptly dissipated and a crack as big as two hundred and seventy feet appeared on the ground.


 The soil around the crack bulged up and if one were to look from above, it would look like a person’s lips.


 Immediately following, the two sides of the cracks slowly opened up and revealed two rows of compact cube blocks of rocks resembling human teeth.


 The ’teeth’ also opened up and revealed an eerie large cave.


 "Master, I’m hungry..." The lips-like crack opened and closed, unexpectedly speaking in a loud voice, causing the nearby ground to shake.


 Fang Yuan smiled and took out a primeval elder Gu.


 He sent his primeval essence and the amiable looking old man’s happy expression gradually disappeared because large amounts of primeval stones were being taken out and thrown into the huge lips like crack.


 After throwing in as much as two hundred thousand primeval stones, Fang Yuan stopped and put back the primeval elder Gu into his aperture.


 The huge lips like crack slowly closed, its two rows of giant stone teeth started grinding the primeval stones into powder.


 ’Gulp ’, there was a loud sound like that of a person swallowing food, it echoed and shook the ground.


 After swallowing these primeval stones, the lips-like crack calmed down and made no more noise.


 At this point, the hole earth Gu could be said to have succeeded.


 It could not be moved now, they would have to wait for He Feng Yang’s sub Gu to activate before the two sides could link.


 Feeding the hole earth Gu was an extremely huge expenditure. It would have to be fed two hundred thousand primeval stones yearly. And a large amount of primeval stones needed to be used every time it was activated.


 Which ordinary Gu Master could use it alone? Besides the large sects and clans, only the Gu Immortals with huge resources could raise it and activate these hole earth Gu.


 "Land spirit, this place needs to be strictly guarded from now on. Enslave some fox groups and place them here." Fang Yuan said while looking at the large lips-like crack.


 "Yes, master."


 ...


 "To protect our homes, we need to fight!"


 "That damned immortal has come back stronger, we need to advance against this hardship. For a beautiful future and for our tribesmen, raise your fists!!"


 "Although there are some grudges between us and the other two clans, they are all small conflicts within our stonemen tribes. This time, our three tribes will each send twenty thousand warriors to form an army to march west and attack the immortal’s nest."


 "This is a huge war, everything is for our people."


 "Our parents and ancestors gave their lives and souls to defeat the immortal, and create this peaceful life we are enjoying now. We need to follow the footsteps of our elders and advance courageously in this war!"


 The land spirit mobilized fox groups to appear near the stonemen tribes. The higher ups of the stonemen tribes took advantage of this to quickly form an allied army.


 The majestic allied army marched towards the west area.


 On their way, they had five to six small scale fights; they all ended in the stonemen army’s victory while the fox groups had to retreat bit by bit.


 "Look there! That is the demon’s nest!" Yan Yong walked in front towards the hole earth Gu.


 "Oh Mother Earth, you are our mother and have nurtured us stonemen. Why do you shield such an abominable immortal?" Yan Yong shouted in deep pain.


 The huge crack slowly opened and little Hu Immortal spoke after using a Gu worm to change her voice.


 The stonemen heard the gentle voice of a woman: "Oh stonemen, my children. I did not want to shield that immortal, but he entered my stomach and is hiding in my heart, threatening me to protect him. I will open my mouth, please come in and eliminate him, I will give you my blessing!"


 The stonemen were astonished at first before they started shouting enthusiastically.


 "Mother Earth spoke!"


 "We are the warriors blessed by Mother Earth!"


 "How despicable is this immortal, actually threatening our benevolent and gentle Mother Earth. We will definitely cut him into a thousand pieces!!"


 The allied army of the stonemen felt their morale rising to the limit.


 The large lips like crack opened wide. Yan Yong took the lead and shouted: "Stonemen, charge!"


 He then jumped into the cave.


 "Charge, we can’t let our tribes’ hero fight alone."


 "Charge, we are fearless, we are omnipotent, we will kill the immortal!"


 "Mother Earth is on our side, this battle will be our win!"


 The stonemen jumped like dumplings into the large crack.


 They fell down the dark tunnel for a while before they landed on the ground.


 "Where is this? It is completely dark."


 "This is even darker than underground, we can’t see anything."


 "How can we fight if we can’t see?"


 The stonemen were feeling doubtful when suddenly there was a huge coughing sound. A ball of light suddenly burst open above their heads. Rapid airflow instantly formed and carried them, as they were shot out.


 "Two hundred thirty, two hundred forty..." Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples were standing beside the hole earth Gu’s sub Gu and were meticulously counting the stonemen that were shot out.


 After the stonemen were shot out by the huge lips-like crack, they were immediately restrained by Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples when they fell on the ground, unable to resist and unable to move.


 Yan Yong and some stonemen elders stood at the side, looking at this scene in fear and their heads were lowered.


 He Feng Yang had been furious after being played by Fang Yuan, but he eventually took consideration of the whole situation and did not smash the hole earth Gu’s sub Gu under his anger, but instead planted it on Fei He mountain.


 As for the stonemen...


 Fang Yuan used their belief in Mother Earth and then used the fox groups and the stonemen higher ups to smoothly entice sixty thousand young stonemen into Fei He mountain and sell them.


 Man is the spirit of all living beings.


 In this world, apart from the humans born from Ren Zu’s proper bloodline, there were also variant humans.


 Variant humans might be more intelligent compared to other lifeforms but they were far from having human wisdom. Hairy men were ignorant, eggmen were innocent and stonemen were naive and barbaric...


 Even a smart seven or eight year old child could deceive them. Whether it was Southern Border or Central Continent, such things often happened - some kids would bump into hairy men or stonemen at some place and deceive them all the way to the market. The variant humans would be ignorant even after being sold off, still the counting the money for them.


 With this transaction Fang Yuan earned over one million six hundred thousand primeval stones.


 Although each of the sixty thousand stonemen were young and energetic, they could not match the value of a swamp crab. On top of that Fang Yuan had to pay for the Gu refinement materials and there was the loss of sixty-five thousand primeval stones to use the hole earth Gu, and he also bought some common materials.


 He Feng Yang had raised the price by ten percent as revenge, and also decreased many things Fang Yuan requested.


 Fang Yuan did not care, the things he really wanted were already in his hands.


 After the transaction was over, Yan Yong and the other stonemen elders followed the hole earth Gu back to Hu Immortal blessed land. Fang Yuan had already arranged a proper explanation to them and was sure the stonemen tribes would not rebel. Even if there was a rebellion, he could kill them and raise another batch. In any case, there were still a lot of gutstones on Dang Hun mountain.


 Fang Yuan calmed down in his mind and continued his cultivation.


 However, at rank four peak stage, nine eyes liquor worm had lost its use.


 Liquor worm could purify the quality of the primeval essence, but only by a small realm. Fang Yuan was now at rank four peak stage and possessed the peak stage true gold primeval essence. Another step forward would be rank five initial stage light purple primeval essence.


 Fang Yuan sealed the nine eyes liquor worm.


 This Gu worm had accompanied him since Qing Mao mountain. From rank one liquor worm to current rank four nine eyes liquor worm, now it could finally retire.


 By simply relying on true gold primeval essence to nurture his aperture, Fang Yuan’s cultivation had become slower.


 Naturally because he was at Hu Immortal blessed land, his cultivation speed was at least five times faster than the ordinary Gu Masters in the outside world.


 "With this speed, I will have at least rank five middle stage cultivation or even near to upper stage by the time the seventh earthly calamity strikes."


 Fang Yuan possessed A grade aptitude now, breaking through to rank five was not a problem. However, the higher the Gu Master’s cultivation, the more time it would take for them to advance.


 He had taken the purple crystal relic Gu into consideration when he said rank five middle stage.


 Such speed compared to the five hundred years of his previous life was countless times better. Now, he was just slightly above thirty and was already at rank four peak stage. While in his previous life, at this age, he was still struggling at rank two realm.


 "But this speed is still slow. There is the seventh earthly calamity outside in the blessed land while I have a great internal threat called Spring Autumn Cicada!"


 Fang Yuan calculated that he would have to leave the blessed land in at most three years and go through a series of adventures. At least, he needed to find smooth success Gu or immediate success Gu to use on Spring Autumn Cicada and obtain a greater opportunity to live.


 "Sigh! How I hope I could just keep on cultivating in the blessed land like Feng Jiu Ge and roam the world after reaching Gu Immortal realm."


 Spring Autumn Cicada’s ability to let the Gu Master rebirth was not fake, but there were too many restrictions. Even if the rebirth succeeded, the Gu Master would have to guard against it bursting their aperture. If there was not such a great fault, Fang Yuan’s cultivation would be many times easier.


 "For the next three years, I will have to refine Gu, use gutstones to expand the stonemen population and sell them for all kinds of resources."


 However, while Fang Yuan’s plan was near flawless, it could not compete against fate’s prank.


 Merely a month later, a huge change occured that gave him no choice but to leave the blessed land to an earlier date.



***
Chapter 425: Immortal Gu and Mud


***





 Chapter 425: Immortal Gu and Mud


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Crack.


 Fang Yuan crushed a gutstone in his hand, immediately, mud flowed out, staining his palm.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was solemn, he picked another rock on the mountain and held it in his hand.


 His hand was stained with yellow mud, with a slow speed, it was slowly disintegrating the rock, turning the hard rock into more mud.


 A moment later, Fang Yuan could distinctly feel the rock shrinking.


 After ten minutes, the rock completely turned into mud, vanishing.


 The yellow mud flowed down the space between Fang Yuan’s finger, flowing onto Dang Hun mountain and continuing to cause damage to the mountain.


 Fang Yuan was quiet for a moment before speaking, asking: "How severe is the situation?"


 Little Hu Immortal wiped her tears as she sobbed, answering: "Most of Dang Hun mountain had been affected by the mud. Six out of ten of the gutstones below the mountain waist is turning into mud. Master, what do we do? Dang Hun mountain is going to perish... sob sob , it is my fault, I did not notice it earlier."


 Fang Yuan patted little Hu Immortal’s head, consoling: "This is not your fault, you do not need to blame yourself. The culprit is that swamp crab, as expected of a desolate beast, as expected of an earthly calamity!"


 Land spirits’ abilities are all different, they all differed and were greatly dependent on the Gu Immortals and their blessed lands.


 He sighed, continuing: "I was still rejoicing earlier than the desolate beast did not have an Immortal Gu. It turns out this swamp crab used an expenditure type Immortal Gu and hid the Gu’s power inside this mud. Nothing happens if it comes into contact with flesh, but all mountain rocks would be turned into mud upon touching it."


 During the calamity earlier, the swamp crab spewed out large volumes of mud, and the crab army appeared from within the mud.


 Fang Yuan killed an immense number of crabs, but little did he know, the real trump card was the mud itself.


 Fang Yuan guessed that this is the effect of the rank six gruel mud Gu.


 Gruel mud Gu was a naturally formed Gu, very commonly seen as rank one and two, and still rather popular as rank three and four. It was often used by Gu Masters to build cities. As rank five Gu were rare, many rank five Gu Masters would choose to temporarily use this gruel mud Gu when they did not have a good rank five Gu. When this rises to rank six, there would only be one in the world, and this Gu was a one time expenditure type.


 Gruel mud Gu can only be used on mud, evidently, the swamp that swamp crab used to live in was created from the effects of gruel mud Gu. The swamp crab ate and defecated mud in the swamp every day, thus it was able to bring the ability of the gruel mud Gu into Hu Immortal blessed land.


 After the swamp crab died, although the battlefield was cleaned up, large amounts of mud had already seeped into the mountain, moving deep underground.


 Gruel mud Immortal Gu’s ability was so hidden, and there was no Immortal Gu aura in the yellow mud, if Fang Yuan had not ordered the rockmen to crush the gutstones, he might not have found out at all.


 But even if he found out early, he had no ability to stop this during the calamity.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was still as water.


 Dang Hun mountain was being corroded by an Immortal Gu, slowly turning into yellow mud, this was a great nightmare!


 The last valuable thing in this blessed land was this mountain. He wanted to rely on this mountain to nurture and sell rockmen. In the future, his own soul strengthening will also depend on this mountain. He could not sit around and watch the situation worsen.


 At once, Fang Yuan ordered little Hu Immortal to clear out as much yellow mud as possible.


 This way, the danger was greatly slowed.


 But Dang Hun mountain’s interior was also corroded, this method could not cure the root of the problem. This was the power of the gruel mud Immortal Gu, to remove it, he needed to use an Immortal Gu’s power!


 "I took such a huge risk to obtain this sacred land for soul strengthening. Even after I become an Immortal Gu, this mountain is still extremely valuable. I cannot let it be destroyed. Heaven does not want this sacred land to end up in the hands of men, thus it sent such a calamity, but I will defy heaven. Hehe, competing with men, competing with heaven, this is the fun of life, that’s all there is."


 With Fang Yuan’s knowledge, he was not helpless and without a solution.


 He thought of more than ten ways to solve this, after eliminating half of which were not feasible, and removing those which were too hard, he was left with three solutions.


 The first solution was the earth path rank six turn rock Gu. This Gu was in western desert, held in the hands of rank six Gu Immortal Sun Cu. Sun Cu is a righteous path Gu Master, he used this Gu to turn sand into rocks, in order for people to build structures in the desert, he was very popular and received gratitude from the people. He was kind hearted but not resolute, he loved his family and doted on his granddaughter the most, if Fang Yuan could hold her hostage, he would definitely comply.


 The second solution was another earth path rank six Immortal Gu, called ’Rebuilding Mount Dongshan’. This Gu had already been refined, it was hidden in eastern sea’s Hai Shi blessed land, Fang Yuan could enter the blessed land and use an Immortal Gu to exchange for this Gu.


 The third was the time path rank six Immortal Gu ’A Mountain Like Before’. This Gu had not existed yet, it was not naturally formed. Its owner is Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he was still a rank five Gu Master in northern plains at the moment.


 "In southern border on San Cha mountain, I refined fixed immortal travel Gu in public, it is obvious without a doubt that southern border is already in a huge commotion over it. A mortal that possesses an Immortal Gu, I’m afraid all those Gu Immortals in southern border are all notified now, and are looking for me all over the continent."


 Until Fang Yuan becomes a Gu Immortal, he was not going to step into southern border again.


 "Although the five regions are isolated, the super clan Yi clan has a relationship with a mysterious organisation in eastern sea. It will take at least two to three years until the news of me refining an Immortal Gu reaches central continent, but that might not be the case for eastern sea."


 Fang Yuan eliminated eastern sea.


 "As for western desert, it’s the place where caravans flourish the most. Cities after cities, surviving using the oasis in the desert. If I can sell the rockmen there, I would earn a ton of profits. Unfortunately, a flourishing caravan trade means that information also travels fast. As a southern border Gu Master, I am an easy target. Once I reach there, I’d probably be marked the moment I enter a city."


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he roamed around all five regions during the five hundred years, finally choosing central continent to settle down, and become a Gu Immortal. Thus, he had a clear understanding of western desert.


 "Compared to western desert, northern plains is a huge grassland, all sorts of tribes graze their livestock, migrate, battle, and procreate there. There is high mobility and some small-mid tribes have chaotic management, I can easily blend in with them."


 Western desert was different from northern plains.


 In western desert, humans relied on oasis to live, thus people are always gathered together. As long as the oasis is intact, nobody would make life difficult for themselves and go to another living area by making a dangerous and arduous desert journey.


 But in northern plains, tribes have to move around often, finding rich and fertile land to relocate to. The weather there is ever-changing, strong weather conditions can destroy homes in a night, tribes have no choice but to move. Because of this, the high mobility among tribes also cause conflicts to occur often, and battles often takes place. Thus, the number of Gu Masters in northern plains is the highest, and they are also the ones most skilled at fighting among the five regions.


 If Fang Yuan chooses western desert, abducting a hostage and threatening a Gu Immortal would cause a huge and lasting impact on the stability of western desert.


 But if he chose northern plains, even if he killed the rank five Gu Master Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it would only be a mild commotion. In a few months, people will forget him.


 Fang Yuan thought it through, and decided that the chaotic northern plains is most suitable for his actions.


 Sun Cu in western desert is already a Gu Immortal, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng in northern plains is still a rank five peak stage.


 After deciding on his destination, Fang Yuan started to think hard, compiling all the important information he had in his memories, to organise his plans for northern plains.


 Plans do not keep up with changes, ever since rebirth, his plans had been changing continuously.


 The first time was on Qing Mao mountain when he became A rank aptitude, it was a huge breakthrough and thus caused a shift. San Cha mountain was the second change, Fang Yuan soared to the sky in a single step, making all his plans unusable.


 Although there were still benefits in the great battle of Yi Tian mountain, he could no longer stay in southern border.


 As for central continent, that would be even worse.


 He was a mortal, the ten righteous sects, the whole of Immortal Crane Sect, and all the demonic Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain were looking at him.


 As long as he did not reach Gu Immortal realm, he would have to stay inside the blessed land, unable to come out.


 He had also planned to do that, growing his strength inside Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The blessed land had ample resources, Fang Yuan wanted to be like Feng Jiu Ge, cultivating in secret until he reached Gu Immortal realm, and get rid of the biggest problem called Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Although Fang Yuan was a risk-taker, and liked to make profitable gambles, often struggling at death’s door, it did not mean he rejected a peaceful and stable life.


 Refusing to stay in a safe environment, and wanting to go around and create trouble for himself, taking risks and getting himself into danger, that is a fool.


 Loneliness, solidarity, boredom, those were not obstacles to Fang Yuan’s cultivation.


 If he did not have the nature to endure these, how could he walk on the road to success?


 But the world never goes your way, problems often find you when you least want it.


 Fang Yuan wanted to cultivate in secret, developing the blessed land as he lived in peace. Although Immortal Crane Sect was trouble, Fang Yuan kept the initiative the entire time, although the other party is strong, they cannot do anything to him at the moment.


 The future prospects were great, his life was going smoothly, everything had changed for the better. But at this moment, a problem happened to Dang Hun mountain!


 To Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun mountain’s importance is insurmountable. If anything happens to this mountain, Fang Yuan’s transactions would crumble, and his cultivation plans would turn into a mere dream.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had to change his plans, leaving the blessed land and entering northern plains.


 "Thankfully, I planned in advance, and made a few backup plans, otherwise, I would be extremely caught off-guard now."


 For the next few months, Fang Yuan spent all his efforts on Gu refinement.


 He used the rank four golden and silver cup Gu, combining with rank four another perspective Gu and rank four moving form Gu to refine the rank five moving perspective cup Gu.


 Next, he refined dusty Gu, bright pearl Gu, dark toss Gu and earth treasury flower king Gu.


 "Land spirit, during the days I’m gone, follow my instructions." Before leaving, Fang Yuan instructed.


 Little Hu Immortal’s eyes were red as she said reluctantly: "Master, I am waiting for you here, you have to return quickly."


 Saying so, she used the green grape immortal essence and injected it into fixed immortal travel Gu.


 With the burst of a jade-green light, Fang Yuan vanished on the spot.



***
Chapter 426: Stepping into Northern Plains


***





 Chapter 426: Stepping into Northern Plains


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Howl!


 In the night sky on the grassland, poison beard wolf king raised its head, howling loudly for a long time.


 The ears of the few hundred poison beard wolves near it twitched, as their bodies shot out like arrows.


 The wolves split into two, moving in a tight army-like formation.


 The young girl Ge Yao ran for her life.


 But her horse had already died, as her small red shoes stepped on the mud, she felt like her legs were tied with lead, extremely heavy.


 The sprinting poison beard wolves successfully encircled her, and the two ends met. They were afraid of the young girl’s Gu worms, thus they only circled around her and did not attack immediately.


 All of a sudden, a poison beard wolf lost its patience and jumped out. Moving quickly, its body turned into a lump of black shadow as it charged towards Ge Yao.


 Ge Yao shouted, using her Gu worms. As she pointed her finger, a light blue water arrow flew out.


 The water arrow pierced through the poison beard wolf’s head accurately while spiraling.


 This courageous wolf died on the spot, its corpse fell on the slightly rotten grassland as it tumbled backwards, until it stopped moving forever.


 Bright red blood quickly flowed out of its wounds, staining the grass nearby.


 The restless wolves stopped momentarily, but soon the smell of blood spread in the air and the wildness and savageness of the wolves were brought out.


 At once, hundreds of poison beard wolves started howling.


 Ge Yao’s beautiful face was full of regret and despair.


 She should not have come out alone, to this poison grassland, trying to find some spirea. Now she was in a deadly situation, about to be torn apart and eaten by wolves.


 "Sorry father, I am not longer able to take care of you!"


 "Daughter knows that you arranged a marriage for my own good. But daughter does not want to marry..."


 "Oh our ancestors in longevity heaven, if you can hear me, listen to my prayer and send a courageous warrior to save me."


 The attack earlier had expended Ge Yao’s last bit of white silver primeval essence. Ge Yao could only pray now.


 The wolves lost their patience, the wolf king howled, and all the poison beard wolves charged towards the girl at the center, giving off an impressive aura.


 "I am going to die!" Ge Yao’s expression paled, she looked at the wolf group in a daze, she was helpless.


 Right at this moment, a bright jade-green light flashed.


 The poison beard wolves shut their eyes due to the light, howling in pain. The wolves that charged ahead knocked into one another, falling and causing a chain reaction, as their assault failed and the scene turned into chaos.


 "What happened?" Ge Yao was shocked, ignoring her tears, she looked over.


 From the jade-green light, the silhouette of a young man could be seen.


 After the light faded, a naked man appeared in front of Ge Yao.


 "A... a man?" Ge Yao’s eyes were wide open, her mouth formed into an ’o’ shape, she had an unbelievable thought: "Did my ancestors in longevity heaven listen to my prayers and send a savior to me?!"


 But why was this savior naked?!


 A huge question appeared in Ge Yao’s mind.


 "I reached northern plains?" Stepping on the grass barefooted, Fang Yuan looked around quickly.


 "Oh? Why is there a human here... and wolves?" Fang Yuan squinted, to think that an accident occurred the moment he reached northern plains.


 This trip to northern plains had to be kept secret, to think that he was exposed so quickly.


 The wolf king howled, turning around as it opened its mouth, attacking Fang Yuan with its sharp and pointy teeth, targeting his neck.


 "Hmph, a mere hundred beast king..." Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with cold light, as a golden dragon appeared before him.


 Rank four golden dragon Gu!


 Roar!


 The four clawed golden dragon roared, brandishing its claws as it flew towards the poison beard wolf king, crashing into it.


 This hundred beast king’s body was completely smashed, all its bones broke as it was sent flying like a rag. After crashing onto the ground, it struggled, but could not get up.


 Fang Yuan frowned slightly, using another golden dragon to finish off the wolf king.


 After the wolf king died, the wolf group broke down as they all escaped several miles away in a few breaths’ time.


 Only the wolf king’s corpse was left, and also the young girl Ge Yao who was staring at Fang Yuan blankly.


 Fang Yuan directed his dark eerie gaze towards this young girl.


 The young girl was wearing a leather robe exclusive to northern plains, the robe was blue and white, with golden rims at the edges, showing off elegance and purity.


 There was a purple gold belt at her waist, and also many beautiful and small accessories on her black lustrous hair.


 She also had bright red leather shoes.


 Her skin was slightly dark, but still had a pinkish tone, it was the unique skintone of northern plains natives. Her body was slim and strong, like a cute little deer.


 Ge Yao retreated one step after Fang Yuan’s stare, and she asked curiously: "Who are you? Are you sent from longevity heaven, the hero who is tasked to save me?"


 Before waiting for Fang Yuan’s reply, she continued: "I am a member of Ge tribe, my name is Ge Yao. My father is the tribe leader of Ge tribe, young warrior, you saved my life, you will be most welcomed in Ge tribe. Oh, I have not asked for your name yet."


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "Beautiful lady of the grassland, just call me Chang Shan Yin. Longevity Heaven is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s place of residence, how could I have come from there, I am but a mere Gu Master."


 Saying so, he took out a wine cup from his aperture.


 The top half of this cup was gold, the bottom was silver. It was rank five and was used as storage, it was the moving perspective cup Gu that Fang Yuan refined in the blessed land.


 After Fang Yuan injected primeval essence into it, he took out a set of clothing.


 This was a set of black tight-fitting battle attire, after wearing it, Fang Yuan gave off a sturdy and valiant aura.


 During the process, Ge Yao stared at him fixatedly, her heart pounding as her face turned red.


 The young women in the grassland were this open about their feelings.


 After Fang Yuan wore his clothes, he walked towards the corpse of the poison beard wolf king.


 Poison beard wolves were commonly seen in northern plains. But different from other wolves, they did not have a strand of fur, instead their bodies were black and their skin looked it it was covered in a layer of enamel. They did not have ears, only two long moustaches that were five inches long. When they ran, their moustache will sway along the wind, beside their bodies. When they fought, the moustache will stand up straight.


 Fang Yuan searched but did not gain anything.


 This poison beard wolf was a hundred beast king, it had rank two Gu worms in it.


 There were two rank two Gu worms on this wolf, acid Gu and poison needle Gu.


 Acid Gu could allow it to shoot out green acid from its mouth, corroding flesh or even steel and rocks. Poison needle Gu shot out poison needles, it was an offensive technique.


 But unfortunately, Fang Yuan only got fragments of these two Gu.


 There were no defensive Gu on this wolf king, no wonder it was so easily killed by Fang Yuan.


 Normally, beast kings could have enslavement Gu in them. For example, on a dog king, there might be dog enslavement Gu, on a wolf king, there might be wolf enslavement Gu.


 Even if it was a rank two wolf enslavement Gu, Fang Yuan needed it now.


 Just as Fang Yuan was searching the wolf corpse, Ge Yao walked over: "Chang Shan Yin, your name sounds familiar. Are you a member of Chang tribe? But looking at your clothes, you seem to be an outsider? Are you from eastern sea? Central continent? Or western desert?"


 Fang Yuan stood up: "I am from northern plains."


 The young girl pouted, showing her white teeth as she laughed: "Liar! We northern plains natives do not have an accent like yours. Warrior Chang Shan Yin, don’t worry, you saved my life, you are a benefactor of the Ge tribe, we will not ostracise you."


 Be it central continent, southern border, or northern plains, as long as it is an outsider, they will be ostracised.


 Before waiting for Fang Yuan’s reply, the bubbly girl pointed at fixed immortal travel Gu on Fang Yuan’s shoulder, asking: "Warrior Chang Shan Yin, this Gu on your shoulder is so beautiful, what Gu is this? Did you bring this Gu over?"


 Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated, observing this young girl’s expression. She was not acting or pretending, she really had shallow knowledge, she did not know this fixed immortal travel Gu, this made Fang Yuan slightly relieved.


 The killing intent in his heart surged, but he showed an honest and sincere smile on the outside: "Beautiful young girl, are you a lark? Why are you constantly chirping non-stop. Hehehe, alright, I have to go, until we meet again!"


 Fang Yuan raised his head, looking at the stars in the sky, trying to determine the direction.


 Next, he walked past Ge Yao, towards the deeper parts of the poison grassland.


 The young girl quickly caught up: "I am not a lark, it’s your fault for being so mysterious, and appearing so suddenly. Heyheyhey, don’t go there. This direction is the way out of poison grassland."


 "I am going inside." Fang Yuan replied without turning around.


 "Why are you going in? The deeper you go into the poison grassland, the more dangerous it gets. Although you are rank three peak stage, your fists cannot rival an entire wolf pack." Ge Yao sprinted towards Fang Yuan, urging him.


 The five regions of the Gu world were independent, when Gu Masters cross regions, their battle strength will be suppressed by one rank.


 Fang Yuan was a southern border Gu Master, when he is in northern plains, he will be suppressed when battling. Although his aperture still has rank four peak stage true gold primeval essence, the effectiveness was only at rank three peak stage snow silver primeval essence.


 Thus, Ge Yao felt that his aura was rank three peak stage.


 In addition, the rank four golden dragon Gu from southern border could only display the strength of a rank three Gu.


 If this was southern border, one blow from the golden dragon Gu would have killed this poison beard wolf without doubt. But here in northern plains, Fang Yuan had to use it twice to kill the wolf king, and the wolf king’s corpse was still intact at the end.


 Fang Yuan’s steps halted, as he looked at Ge Yao with a solemn expression and a determined gaze: "I am going into poison grassland for my own reasons."


 Ge Yao was stunned by this aura, reacting only after Fang Yuan had walked a few steps away.


 The girl quickly chased him: "Warrior Chang Shan Yin, I’ll go with you, we can take care of each other."


 "Got her." Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a smile.


 His currently battle strength was only rank three peak stage, it was insufficient to charge into poison grasslands’ deepest part. Thus, he needed northern plains Gu worms to arm himself.


 But even if he killed Ge Yao, he might not get her set of Gu worms. Thus, Fang Yuan set a little trap, purposely acting distant, easily tricking the young girl into joining him.



***
Chapter 427: Just take me


***





 Chapter 427: Just take me


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Although this was Fang Yuan’s motive and Ge Yao took the initiative to join him, Fang Yuan still asked her: "Take care of each other? What do I need you for?"


 Saying so, he ran his eyes over her, his tone carried a hint of arrogance.


 The girl immediately raised her head: "Don’t you know the poison grassland is filled with purple poison fog and you will be poisoned if you breathe it for a long time. I have detoxification Gu worms with me. Also the deeper you go, the denser the poison fog will become as ghosts and spirits will also appear. At that time, you won’t be able to distinguish the direction, and only my return heart Gu can point out the correct way back."


 Guuuu...


 As the girl said this, her stomach suddenly let out a hungry rumbling sound.


 Fang Yuan glanced at her stomach and the girl immediately felt her face go red.


 She explained while stammering: "This... my big stomach horse was eaten by the poison beard wolves. My primeval stones and rations were all stored there."


 Big stomach horse was a mount that was extremely popular in northern plains. It had two stomachs; one was used to consume food and another was used to store goods.


 The Gu Masters of northern plains usually used this type of big stomach horse when relocating their homes.


 Fang Yuan curiously asked: "Since your father is Ge tribe’s tribe leader, why are you - his own daughter - using such a common mount?"


 "Sigh, he kept my Gu away from me. Being able to escape alone with a big stomach horse and preparing so much resources was already amazing!"


 Ge Yao spoke frankly but right after saying it, she felt something wrong and her expression turned sluggish as she realized what she had said.


 "Escaped? Could it be that you are escaping from marriage?" Fang Yuan raised his brows.


 The little girl exclaimed in surprise and looked at Fang Yuan with wide eyes: "Do you have mind reading Gu? How did you know?"


 Fang Yuan laughed, he was only guessing but it was not without any evidence.


 In northern plains, the position of women was much lower than that of men, even being treated as goods and casually sold in markets. In southern border, there were female clan leaders, but northern plains had no such precedence and women were not allowed to be in power.


 Why was that so?


 This tradition dated back to the era of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 In Fang Yuan’s memories, during these three years, many great heroes would fight for supremacy in northern plains and a great storm would blow. Eventually, Hei tribe leader Hei Lou Lan succeeded and became the lord of the imperial court for ten years. He was also the most controversial lord of the grassland in future generations.


 Hei Lou Lan was extremely lecherous, and after becoming the ruler of the grassland, he made beauties of many tribes part of his harem. But on other hand, he made a new policy to raise women’s status and attempted to create gender equality.


 This gravely infringed upon all forces’ interests and led to conflicts, causing an institutional turmoil among all northern plains tribes.


 Thus, Hei Lou Lan had only been the lord of the grassland for two years when he was deceived by his own tribesmen to go outside the imperial court and was killed secretly. Immediately following, all tribes allied to overthrow Hei tribe’s rule and again contended for the position of the ruler of the imperial court. The bloodshed and war lasted for an entire five years before it settled.


 After this chaotic war, every tribe of northern plain suffered great losses. And in the future, when Central Continent attacked the four other regions, this became the greatest weakness of northern plains.


 A lot of northern plains women thus choose to run away in order to avoid marriage. This girl standing before him had come alone to poison grassland even though she was the daughter of the tribe leader. Fang Yuan naturally made such a guess.


 Fang Yuan took out food from moving perspective cup Gu and gave them to Ge Yao.


 This girl seemed to be very hungry; she wolfed down the food and rolled her eyes, slurring her words: "It was Man Duo of Man tribe who wanted to marry me. He is Man tribe leader’s third son and is thin and small, like a monkey. Moreover, he is suffering from illness and only has rank two cultivation. Usually, he would rely on his father to act tyrannically in his tribe. He has not the slightest bit of heroic spirit! I don’t want to marry to such a good-for-nothing."


 "But Man tribe was a huge force while our Ge tribe has just migrated over with greatly reduced strength. Man tribe’s betrothal gift was also very grand and they also promised to give a piece of fertile grassland to my Ge tribe. Father wanted these gifts and tried to marry me off. And so in my fury, I fled. Warrior Chang Shan Yin, how about you snatch me?"


 Northern plains had simple and coarse customs. One of their customs was bride kidnapping.


 The snatched bride was often more precious than an officially married wife.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "I have no interest in you, eat quickly, we will leave after you are full."


 Ge Yao’s dark pupils darted around: "There is another method, that is, you can marry into my Ge tribe. According to the grassland customs, only a brave warrior can possess beauties. Even if Man tribe wants to find trouble, it has to be done according to the customs; Man Duo, that skinny monkey would have to challenge you to a fight. Warrior Chang Shan Yin, you are so strong, you will certainly beat that Man Duo to a pulp!"


 Fang Yuan stopped smiling: "I said I don’t have any interest in you."


 Ge Yao, however, became even more passionate and displayed northern plains women’s characteristic boldness and wildness: "Why don’t you have any interest? Could it be that I am not beautiful? I am the flower of Ge tribe, that kid Man Duo glanced at me from afar and fell for me at first sight, asking his father to propose the marriage! Warrior Chang Shan Yin, there are benefits for you as well in living with my Ge tribe. You are an outsider, if you don’t marry into the tribe, others will not take you as one of their own and you will suffer exclusion and vigilance in northern plains."


 Fang Yuan said with a solemn tone: "I said I am a northern plains native."


 Ge Yao gave a sweet smile: "Warrior, you can’t deceive me. Your accent revealed your background, and your food is also not the northern plain’s biscuits and dried meat. Just take me, don’t you think our encounter is the arrangement of longevity heaven?"


 Fang Yuan lowered his head to cover the cold light that was vaguely flashing in his eyes as the smile on his face became deeper.


 "Let me consider it for a while, don’t be in such a hurry to decide." Fang Yuan said and gave some primeval stones to Ge Yao.


 Ge Yao nodded: "You have to think about it properly... properly."


 She took the primeval stones and said with a cautious tone: "I will return these primeval stones to you in the future."


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 Ge Yao did not speak anymore and concentrated on absorbing the primeval stones to replenish her primeval essence and recover her strength as fast as possible.


 As they continued moving deeper into the poison grassland, the thin poison in the air gradually became denser. They were unnoticeable before to the naked eyes, but now one could clearly see the light purple color.


 "Stop, there is a wolf pack!" Ge Yao suddenly stopped, her gaze revealing panic.


 Clearly, the battle with the poison beard wolves had left a deep impression on her.


 Fang Yuan stopped, and after three breaths of time, he discovered the tracks of the wolf pack with his investigative Gu worm.


 He could not help but glance at Ge Yao, indeed as a tribeswoman, the investigative Gu worm on her was great.


 Fang Yuan had refined this rank four investigative Gu in Hu Immortal blessed land. But in northern plains, it was suppressed and could not compare to Ge Yao’s rank three Gu.


 The wolf pack’s excited howls got louder and louder.


 Soon, hundreds of poison beard wolves appeared in their vision.


 "So many wolves!" Ge Yao’s face turned pale and her delicate body trembled as she took in a breath of cold air. The wolf pack’s numbers were many times higher than the previous ones, reaching close to a thousand.


 The stronger the beast king, more the number of beasts they could control; this hundred beast king was clearly much stronger than the previous one.


 "Hmph, what are you panicking for? Just protect yourself." Fang Yuan snorted and fiercely stomped his foot, charging forward.


 Ge Yao exclaimed in shock at this, she wanted to call out to Fang Yuan but he had already entered the wolf pack.


 Many poison beard wolves ran and charged at Ge Yao.


 The girl shouted in her delicate voice: "Water armor!"


 Immediately, water vapor condensed and formed into a layer of light blue armor that covered here whole body.


 "Spiral water arrow Gu!"


 She extended her finger and a spiral water arrow flew out.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 She killed three poison beard wolves instantly while injuring five or six more.


 But at the same time, a dozen poison beard wolves came charging at her.


 The girl panicked and retreated, responding in a flustered manner.


 "Water dragon Gu!" She pushed with her palms and a three clawed water dragon whistled out and swept through the surroundings, increasing the water vapor in the air.


 With the appearance of the water dragon, Ge Yao was able to control the situation.


 "Warrior Chang Shan Yin, don’t die!" The girl immediately looked at the center of the wolf pack.


 She was almost stunned at the sight.


 The scene she saw was not what she had expected, she only saw Fang Yuan charging all over the wolf pack, every collision would send large numbers of poison beard wolves flying.


 The ferocious poison beard wolves seemed to be weaker than sheep in front of him.


 His whole body was covered in a layer of bright golden light armor, and a golden dragon came out occasionally, sweeping through the surroundings. There were so many poison beard wolves, but they could not subdue him.


 He was fierce and fearless, his fighting style was extremely valiant, his every move would cause the wind to scream. His strength was so huge that as long as a poison beard wolf came into contact with his fists or kicks, their skeleton would definitely shatter and they would howl with pain, no longer able to stand up.


 Not only that, he was also fighting an intense battle with the wolf king.


 This poison beard wolf king was indeed very strong. Lightning flickered arounds its whole body, and it occasionally shot out green venom. Its movement speed was so fast that it created an afterimage when it ran.


 "This wolf king has at least three wild Gu." Ge Yao’s heart sank as she learnt this, becoming worried for Fang Yuan.


 Soon, the girl let go of her worry and admiration towards Fang Yuan rose in her heart.


 Fang Yuan fought in a smart manner, he was continuously on the move and did not blindly engage with the wolf king, instead using the ordinary poison beard wolves to hinder the wolf king’s movement.


 The wolf king had movement Gu but it was restrained by the wolf pack and could only passively take a beating.


 Fang Yuan’s fists attacked its targets with high power; Ge Yao’s blood boiled at the scene.


 "This is a true man!" She exclaimed in her mind and after disposing of the poison beard wolves around her, she shouted loudly and sent the water dragon to kill the wolf pack.


 She was after all a rank three middle stage Gu Master, she was not to be underestimated. The wolf pack immediately turned chaotic from the attacks and a large portion of them rushed towards her.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed as he shouted: "Who told you to come? Move to the side!"


 The girl’s face turned pale at the wolf pack’s counterattack and immediately retreated.


 Fang Yuan continued to attack with boundless vigor and after spending a huge effort, he finally turned the wolf pack’s attention back to him.


 After some time, he suddenly activated a beast phantom and smashed the wolf king’s defense.


 Taking this chance, he got close to the wolf king and pressed its skull down to the ground, then he ruthlessly smashed it.


 It was a brutal scene. This wolf king that was on the verge of becoming a thousand beast king was beaten to death by Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 428: Sea of Ghost Face Sunflowers


***





 Chapter 428: Sea of Ghost Face Sunflowers


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 With the death of the wolf king, the wolf pack’s morale collapsed and they all started fleeing in disorder.


 A fierce battle ended so abruptly.


 "You got injured?!" Ge Yao came running and looked with a concerned gaze.


 "It’s nothing." Fang Yuan’s injuries looked terrifying but it was all under his control. He activated self-reliance Gu on the spot; the wounds started closing and healing.


 Self-reliance Gu was a rank three Gu but could only show the effects of a rank two in northern plains. After Fang Yuan’s injuries healed a little, its effects immediately weakened.


 "Warrior Chang Shan Yin, let me heal you." Ge Yao waved her hand and water vapor rose, forming a green-blue cloud above Fang Yuan.


 Light rain started pouring down from the cloud and splashed upon Fang Yuan’s body, healing his wounds.


 "This is spring rain Gu?" Fang Yuan furrowed his brows, "This Gu has a huge healing range, isn’t it a waste to use it on just me alone? Deactivate it."


 After saying so, he activated golden breeze Gu.


 This Gu was obtained from Tie Mu Bai and was a rank four healing Gu but now it only showed the efficiency of a rank three. However, it was still a top quality Gu.


 Ge Yao saw a golden whirlwind form beside Fang Yuan; after it spun around him several times, all his wounds disappeared.


 "What Gu is this?" The girl asked curiously.


 Fang Yuan did not reply, but turned around and crouched down, searching the wolf king’s corpse carefully.


 Ge Yao followed behind him and bent her back to look at him, exclaiming in praise: Warrior Chang Shan Yin, you are a true expert. Father has always told me that going into battle by just relying on one’s cultivation is stupid. I saw you charging into the wolf pack, it was such a dangerous situation, but you moved skillfully like it was a simple task. I finally understood that what father said was true."


 Fang Yuan snorted and stood up.


 With his five hundred years of battle experience, it was rather easy for him to do this. If not for the region’s restriction, how could he take so much time to deal with this puny wolf pack?


 After searching, he found out that the wolf king had three wild Gu, but they were all dead.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned unsightly at the lack of loot, he glanced at Ge Yao and said gruffly: "Stupid? Do you think you are just stupid? You are utterly stupid!"


 Ge Yao was immediately stifled: "Hey! Why are you so blunt!"


 "Hmph, earlier, your careless attack attracted most of the wolf pack and almost screwed up my control of the situation. Do you have the brains of an ox?" Fang Yuan snorted and blamed.


 Ge Yao knew that it was her mistake, her aura immediately weakened and she lowered her head, looking at her feet: "I know you attracted most of the wolf pack away for me. But I also wanted to help you."


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh: "Forget it, I will let it go this time. I will try to make an effort to teach you what you have to do to, so that you will not impede me again in the future."


 "Who needs you to teach?" Ge Yao turned around and snorted with dissatisfaction.


 ...


 ""You need to be calm when activating spiral water arrow Gu. If you just recklessly shoot them, you would simply be wasting your precious primeval essence rapidly."


 "Water dragon Gu wastes a lot of primeval essence, don’t use it if it is not necessary. This is why you are always running out of primeval essence!"


 "Don’t use spring rain Gu, that is a large scale healing Gu that is not worth it for just the two of us."


 As they continued on their way, Fang Yuan gave many tips to Ge Yao.


 The girl’s words before were just said in a fit. Although, she did have a young missy’s temperament, this was something that concerned her deeply, so she earnestly listened to the suggestions and absorbed the knowledge, improving rapidly.


 The two continued moving through poison grassland and ran into several waves of wolf packs, and Ge Yao’s performance also became better each time.


 "Haha, are you afraid? You abominable poison beard wolves, get lost." After repelling a poison beard wolf pack again, Ge Yao stood with her hands on her hips as she said proudly.


 "Truly a naive girl." Fang Yuan looked at her back with a cold light flashing across his eyes.


 Naturally, the reason he guided Ge Yao was not purely to raise her battle strength, more importantly it was to probe out her Gu worms.


 The result was, the girl revealed all her trump cards to Fang Yuan.


 Ge Yao was a water path Gu Master with rank three middle stage cultivation.


 Rank three fog sparrow Gu as the investigative Gu; three claw water dragon Gu and spiral water arrow Gu for attack; water armor Gu for defense; water trace Gu for movement; and spring rain Gu for healing.


 She did not have a storage Gu, the big stomach horse she used to replace this aspect had already died by wolf pack’s claws.


 Besides these, she also had cleansing Gu for detoxification; and return heart Gu for discerning the direction.


 This set of Gu worms was very appropriate given her identity.


 Fog sparrow Gu was a very precious investigative Gu among rank three which could condense fog into sparrows that could fly to scout the area and had a very huge range.


 Her attack and defense Gu were also of top quality.


 Water trace Gu’s ability to raise the speed could almost rival some rank four Gu. The only disadvantage was that the water trace would leave behind footprints that were easy to track. At the same time, it would make the shoes wet.


 This Gu had the potential to be nurtured. At rank four, it could become wave trace Gu which had an even stronger effect.


 For rank five, it had two different refinement directions. One was wandering wave trace Gu that had instant evasion properties; and another was the river wave trace Gu that allowed the Gu Master to run quickly on water surfaces.


 At rank six, it would be the extremely famous worldly wave trace Gu.


 All of these Gu were the best among rank three. Along with Fang Yuan’s meticulous guidance and the wolf packs’ pressure, it was no wonder Ge Yao was improving rapidly with her battle strength rising step by step.


 "Warrior Chang Shan Yin, you are a sage. Your guidance is much more amazing than my tribe’s three top elders. Even if you don’t take a fancy upon me, I want to invite you to be a guest of our Ge tribe. If you are interested, I will do my best to persuade father to make you an external elder!"


 Ge Yao turned around and walked to Fang Yuan’s side, and invited him with a sincere expression.


 She was after all the young missy of Ge tribe, her foresight was extraordinary. She realized Fang Yuan’s worth; not only his bravery, but more importantly his ability to educate others. This was the strength of wisdom, if he educated the tribe’s next generation, the whole tribe could flourish.


 "I can become a guest of Ge tribe, but I don’t have any interest in becoming an external elder." Fang Yuan walked forward while shaking his head to refuse.


 Ge Yao persuaded him several times, but Fang Yuan’s attitude was firm.


 The girl sulked and followed behind Fang Yuan, looking at his back with an angry gaze.


 "Do you think you are amazing just because you can teach? Hmph. I used such an urging tone, yet you remain unmoved. No interest to become my Ge tribe’s external elder? Are you looking down on my Ge tribe?"


 "Chang Shan Yin, you scoundred!"


 Ge Yao gritted her teeth in hatred while having a doubt in her mind: "But this name Chang Shan Yin, it is really familiar, where in the world did I hear it?"


 Poison grassland was covered with dark clouds all year round, and in this dusky light, the two walked for some distance.


 Fang Yuan stopped.


 In front of him was a large field of sunflowers.


 Each of these sunflowers had a dark purple stalk and large pitch-black petals. Its basin-sized stamen showed a pale human face.


 Ghost face sunflower!


 This sight caused Ge Yao to immediately hold her breath and grab Fang Yuan’s sleeve, whispering in a very soft voice: "A lot of people definitely died here, with many ghosts wandering around, it led to the growth of so many ghost face sunflowers. Every ghost face sunflower is a ghost that died unjustly. Let’s detour around this place, there are definitely many ghost cry Gu living in these ghost face sunflowers and there could even be ghost face Gu."


 Ghost cry Gu was a rank three soul path Gu which could let out a mournful wail that could cause the soul to shake.


 Ghost face Gu was a rank four soul path Gu that could create a tremendous impact on the soul.


 "It is such a large field of ghost face sunflowers, how long will we take to make a detour?" Fang Yuan concentrated on this sea of sunflowers, he did not show any expression on the surface but was actually very happy inside.


 This confirmed the direction he was walking towards was not wrong.


 As long as he walked along this direction, he will find that battlefield twenty years ago and obtain the Gu worms left behind on the battlefield.


 Northern plains was different from southern border.


 Southern border had lots of mountains and one could distinguish their general direction; while northern plains was grassland as far as the eye could see and was very easy to get lost.


 Thus, Ge Yao carried return heart Gu with her for support. Return heart Gu would always point towards the direction of the home in the Gu Master’s heart.


 However, return heart Gu could only indicate the direction and not the position.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to ensure that he was moving in the correct path, he would have to take the risk of moving through this field of sunflowers.


 Fortunately, he was already prepared.


 He lightly removed the girl’s hand on his sleeve and squatted down. He put his palms on the ground and then activated a Gu in his aperture.


 Soon, green underbrush grew out from the ground.


 The lush underbrush rose little by little and the slender grass and leaves coiled around each other, gradually forming into a puppet.


 Enslavement path, rank three grass puppet Gu.


 This Gu worm was something only Southern Border had; Ge Yao looked at each grassman puppet with astonishment, they continued to grow and soon formed a group.


 These grassman puppets were short and thin, the leaves tightly weaved together, they held a bamboo blade on one hand and a rattan shell shield in the other.


 This was the rank three rattan shell grass soldier.


 Previously when Fang Yuan had fought one against seven at San Cha mountain, Tie Ruo Nan had used such a Gu. Later, Fang Yuan obtained a grass puppet Gu in three kings blessed land from one of the people he killed.


 Grass puppet Gu was rather common in Southern Border. Rank three grass puppet Gu could could create an army of rattan shell grass soldier that had the strength to kill rank one Gu Masters. Rank four grass puppet Gu could create grass sword elite soldiers which possessed even stronger battle strength.


 However, at northern plains, the grass puppet Gu also suffered from the restriction and the rattan shell grass soldiers it created were weak.


 However, Fang Yuan created these rattan shell grass soldiers not for battle and was indifferent about them.


 After a while, close to a thousand rattan shell grass soldiers started clearing the way in front of him.


 Fang Yuan pulled Ge Yao’s hand and under the protection of another hundred rattan shell grass soldiers, they walked into the sea of ghost face sunflowers.


 "Yaaa—!"


 "Mieee~~~"


 "Dieee..."


 Every ghost cry Gu let out a sharp screech; the rattan shell grass soldiers ahead collapsed. The voices the ghost cry Gu let out were not the same. Some were sharp frightened sounds; some were like the bleating of sheeps; and some seemed to be recounting hidden bitterness.


 "Ghost... ghost faces are rising." The girl shook as she looked at the pale, terrifying ghost faces fly out from the sea of sunflowers.


 Fang Yuan gently patted her hand and then calmly organised the puppets.


 Soon, some rattan shell grass soldiers left the main group and sacrificed themselves to lure the ghost faces away.



***
Chapter 429: Shadow Crow


***





 Chapter 429: Shadow Crow


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The two got through sunflower sea safely.


 Ge Yao looked behind her, breathing out deeply, her worried heart finally settled.


 "To think that we got past the sea of ghost face sunflowers so easily."


 After regaining her composure, the young girl looked at the grassman puppets around her.


 There were only a few dozen puppets left, forming a weak defensive layer around them.


 Ge Yao had never seen such a Gu in her life, this was an eye-opener.


