 "These Gu, although they do not have high combat strength, the greatest advantage is to use them as fodder. Chang Shan Yin came prepared indeed." Thinking so, the young girl diverted her gaze towards the person beside her.


 The more she spent time with Fang Yuan, the more curious Ge Yao got, and the greater her determination to find out more about him.


 "What sort of person is he? Entering poison grassland, what motive does he have? Chang Shan Yin, Chang Shan Yin... this name is so familiar, I’ve heard it before. Ah!"


 The young girl’s face turned red.


 When they had crossed the sunflower sea earlier, Fang Yuan held her hand. Those ghost cries and scary ghost faces made her frightened, she got closer to Fang Yuan and was almost hugging his arm, but she did not notice.


 Ge Yao quickly let go of Fang Yuan’s arm, getting free of his hand.


 After she got to a safe distance, Fang Yuan slowly stopped his steps, turning to look at these sunflowers.


 "These ghost cry Gu and ghost face Gu are decent Gu, but I do not have the specialized Gu worms needed to catch them."


 Catching a wild Gu worm requires specific methods. These two Gu worms were soul path Gu, the Gu needed to catch them were even more peculiar.


 "It is time." Fang Yuan’s gaze concentrated, discarding his mild regret as he turned his gaze towards fixed immortal travel Gu on his shoulder.


 Immortal Gu have overbearing aura, they could not be stored into mortal apertures. Spring Autumn Cicada could barely be kept in the aperture due to its weakened state.


 Even if Fang Yuan ordered fixed immortal travel Gu to stay on his shoulders and not move about, the Immortal Gu’s aura would still leak, if a Gu Immortal senses it, it would invite grave danger!


 But thankfully, Fang Yuan had measures against this.


 He took out bright pearl Gu.


 "Go." He injected his primeval essence, and the bright pearl Gu turned into a warm white light, floating onto fixed immortal travel’s body, covering it completely.


 Bright pearl Gu is a rank four storage type Gu, mainly used to seal Gu worms and cause them to go into deep slumber and be easily stored.


 Fang Yuan expended almost all his primeval essence before he successfully sealed the fixed immortal travel Gu.


 Fixed immortal travel Gu was like a jade butterfly, sealed into a fist-sized pearl. But it was an Immortal Gu, its aura still leaked out through the pearl.


 Except, it was much weaker now.


 Fang Yuan was not surprised, this was only step one.


 The following journey was much smoother.


 Perhaps due to that sunflower sea, not a single poison beard wolf appeared.


 The two continued to venture deeper, as the poisonous fog on the grassland became thicker, until one could clearly see the purple fog in the air.


 When the two started coughly, they would stop moving and take out their Gu worms respectively, getting rid of the toxins that accumulated in them.


 The deeper they went into the grassland, the thicker the fog, and the more often the two of them stopped.


 Ge Yao who was active and lively also started keeping quiet in order to avoid breathing in too much of the poison fog.


 Eventually, the purple fog started to obscure their vision.


 "How much deeper are we going?" Ge Yao could not help but ask.


 The deepest part of the poison grassland was a forbidden area for living beings. The deeper they go, the stronger the wild beasts inside. Many experts who went to explore lost their lives here, none returned. Among them were rank three peak stage experts, and even rank four.


 "Soon." Fang Yuan replied plainly as he walked slower, until he stopped.


 "Are we there? It’s here?" Ge Yao asked happily.


 Fang Yuan did not say a word, he squatted down and moved away some poisonous shrubs that had a weird appearance, as a hole that was hidden by the bushes appeared before him.


 This hole was the size of a large bowl, it has a smooth edge. Inside the hole was pure darkness.


 Ge Yao saw this and her eyes were fixed on the hole, breathing roughly: "This, this is a hole dug by a earth spike rat. They live together in thousands and even ten thousands, forming into a huge group. They live under the grass inside the soil, as long as there are vibrations in the ground, they would attack from below. Their heads are like steel spikes, once they shoot out, it can pierce a person’s feet. Even a horse’s hoofs can get pierced."


 "We cannot go forward anymore. Once we get encircled, there will be no way to survive. We will be submerged by endless rats. Along the way, we met no poison beard wolves, this shows that the earth spike rats are the lord of this area. Who knows, the earth spike rat king might be a myriad beast king!"


 The young girl had lived in the grassland since young, she knew clearly how powerful the earth spike rats were.


 "No, my destination is further ahead." Fang Yuan stood up.


 "Chang Shan Yin! Excessive bravery is courting death. You cannot walk over this. In fact, in just a few steps, you will get attacked by the rats." Ge Yao quickly explained.


 But Fang Yuan smiled lightly: "Who said I am going to walk over?"


 Just as he said so, pitch-black wings grew on his back.


 "This..." Ge Yao stared with wide-opened eyes, before she reacted, Fang Yuan already carried her up.


 As the girl screamed, Fang Yuan flapped his wings and flew above the ground.


 Ge Yao felt like her heart was stuck in her throat, the wind was blowing at her ears as she felt herself on swimming in clouds, her legs could not touch the ground thus she subconsciously grabbed Fang Yuan’s neck.


 After a while, the young girl reacted, and laughed heartily in Fang Yuan’s arms: "Chang Shan Yin, to think that you can fly. Father has a flying cloud Gu, he used to bring me to play in the sky when I was young. Sigh, sadly flying cloud Gu is a rank four Gu, I cannot use it. But even if I could, father would not allow it, he would be afraid of me falling from the sky."


 Ge Yao recalled, before asking curiously: "Chang Shan Yin, what flying Gu is this? Why have I not seen it before?"


 Fang Yuan did not answer.


 The young girl did not give up: "This is the rank three eagle wings Gu? Such speed and altitude is similar to eagle wings Gu, but this does not look like it."


 Fang Yuan sighed: "You ask too many questions. Rather than asking me useless questions, why don’t you spend your effort on the shadow crows ahead of us."


 "Shadow crow?" The young girl reacted, seeing three shadow crows in front flying towards them soundlessly.


 The shadow crows were large as an eagle, their bodies were black and they moved without sound. In this foggy poison grassland, they were even more stealthy.


 The young girl’s expression paled, her voice trembling: "Chang Shan Yin, how good is your flying technique? If you are not good, let’s land and defend on the grassland."


 "No worries." Fang Yuan’s voice was emotionless: "I’m carrying you, I cannot attack. Next, it will depend on whether your spiral water arrow is accurate."


 "What? Ah!"


 The young girl had not understood what he said, when Fang Yuan flapped his wings fiercely and charged towards the three shadow crows.


 Fang Yuan used his actions to reply Ge Yao.


 "This is too insane! He did not think of running away, but instead wants to kill these three shadow crows!" Ge Yao was shocked, in her panic, she shot out two water arrows.


 But these two water arrows, one missed completely while the other grazed the shadow crow’s wing.


 "Too slow, again!" Fang Yuan made a perfect turn as he flapped his wings towards the shadow crows again.


 "What? Hey, wait, don’t fight them. We are not on the ground, our opponents are the shadow crows famous for speed!" Ge Yao shouted.


 The two humans and three birds charged towards each other in the air, as they got closer and closer.


 Ge Yao could see a shadow crow enlarging quickly in her vision, as they got close, the shadow crow brandished its dagger-like sharp claws.


 Seeing that the sharp claw was about to hit her, Ge Yao’s body turned cold from fright, her fingers and legs were stiff as she was immobilized.


 "We’re going to collide, I am going to die!" Just as she had this thought, Fang Yuan kept his wings and they descended quickly, narrowly avoiding the shadow crow’s claw.


 Next, he stretched out his wings and flapped hard, making a zigzag turn, flying up and chasing behind the shadow crow.


 "Fire quickly!" Fang Yuan shouted.


 Ge Yao’s body reacted to his voice and subconsciously shot out a spiral water arrow.


 Fang Yuan’s flying technique was too profound, he directly flew behind the shadow crow, its back was completely exposed to Ge Yao.


 The spiral water arrow shot the shadow crow, piercing its body and causing a trail of blood.


 The shadow crow was killed on the spot, like a kite with its strings cut, it fell onto the ground with a loud thump.


 The grassland was silent for a moment before the ground vibrated, as numerous earth spike rats popped up from underground.


 That shadow crow corpse was immediately dismembered and dragged into the holes made on the ground piece by piece.


 The large shadow crow vanished in an instant, leaving behind a pool of blood, as well as some small pieces of intestines.


 The young girl became overwhelmingly nervous after seeing this. If she really fell, she would immediately get attacked by the earth spike rats, she would definitely die!


 "What are you thinking? Shoot them!" Fang Yuan chided, interrupting the girl’s thoughts as she hurriedly attacked, shooting over ten arrows before killing the two shadow crows.


 The two shadow crows landed on the ground and were immediately taken by the earth spike rats, Ge Yao looked at this as cold sweat appeared on her face.


 "Your accuracy is terrible, quickly use primeval stones to recover your primeval essence!"


 As Fang Yuan scolded, Ge Yao took out one primeval stones, but because she was flustering, this primeval stones fell out of her hand and landed on the ground.


 "You idiot!"


 "So... sorry!"


 The young girl apologised in a sobbing tone.


 "Focus, calm down! Display your usual ability, there will be many shadow crows later, I have to depend on you." Fang Yuan’s voice became more gentle.


 "Yes, yes." Ge Yao nodded her head in succession, after Fang Yuan consoled her, her mind slowly returned to a calm state.



***
Chapter 430: White Bone Chariot


***





 Chapter 430: White Bone Chariot


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 An entire hour later.


 Fang Yuan carried Ge Yao as they safely landed on the ground.


 Ge Yao’s legs went soft, her expression was pale and she had to catch her breath after getting back to the land, recovering slowly.


 During the flying process, she had killed at least a hundred shadow crows, she had felt that she was struggling at death’s door during the process.


 During the process of flying, they were in great danger, facing the assault of many waves of shadow crows, and even attracted the attack of the earth spike rats.


 Not only were there an endless number of shadow crows in the sky, numerous earth spikes would shoot up from the ground at times; it was a truly precarious situation.


 Fang Yuan spread his wings, twisted and turned, circled, dived, and rose into the sky under such attacks. Finding impossible opportunities, he managed to find a way out of the rain of attacks.


 "I actually survived from facing such an insane number of enemies?" This was Ge Yao’s first thought when she landed.


 The relief of surviving an ordeal, an unbelievable feeling of happiness, and the after-fear of recalling the situation, after she had experienced all these, Ge Yao looked at Fang Yuan with a complicated expression, as he was healing the injuries on his body.


 Even if the girl was ignorant, after such an experience, she knew that Fang Yuan was a grand expert in flying.


 Moreover, Ge Yao was not an ordinary young girl from the grassland, her father was the leader of a tribe, in her entire life, she had been greatly influenced by him, her horizons were expanded and she knew much more than her peers.


 "The man before me, he has such skilled flying techniques, he is so strong. Inside that strong body of his, is there a flying eagle’s soul? Such flying technique can compete with ’Lightning’ Dong Po Kong, ’Water Immortal’ Song Qing Yin, and ’Green Bat’ Wu Ye! This is a first-rate flying technique in northern plains! Chang Shan Yin, Chang Shan Yin, what kind of person are you..."


 Fang Yuan quickly took care of his injuries.


 Facing a storm-like attack, even if his flying technique was top-tier, he could not avoid getting hit sometimes.


 Most importantly, the rank four bone wings Gu only had rank three effectiveness in northern plains. At the same time, he was carrying a person, with the increase in weight, it affected his agility.


 "But, having Ge Yao’s help, the advantage was greater than the disadvantage. If she did not use water arrow and water dragon to kill the crow groups, or if she did not use water armor to defend us, my primeval essence might not be enough." Fang Yuan thought.


 "As a southern border Gu Master, when I am in northern plains, my cultivation will be suppressed, but thankfully, as time passes and I slowly assimilate into northern plains, this suppression will decrease."


 Man is the spirit of all beings, they had great adaptability with the environment they were in.


 Of course, when Fang Yuan completely mixes in with northern border, and his cultivation returns to normal, when he returns to southern border, he will face suppression again, and would need to adapt and assimilate once again.


 "Man can adapt to the environment, but Gu worms cannot. Southern border Gu worms will continue to face suppression, all my Gu worms still expend the same amount of primeval essence but their use is greatly reduced. Rank four Gu worms in southern border are inferior to rank three northern plains Gu worms here."


 But if he killed Ge Yao, he only had a very small chance of getting her Gu worms.


 Ony by using her like this, can this rank three middle stage Gu Master’s worth be fully displayed.


 "If not for Ge Yao, I would not be able to advance so quickly. Although her Gu worms are good, I have no way of taking them. These southern border Gu worms, I need to change them out, other than considering their battle strength, they are also the greatest flaw in hiding my identity. I have to get to that battlefield."


 Fang Yuan sighed internally, taking out bright pearl Gu.


 Fixed immortal travel Gu is sealed inside bright pearl Gu, like a beautiful amber.


 In front of Ge Yao, Fang Yuan took out bright pearl Gu forthrightly.


 Dusty Gu was like a cocoon, its body was dark grey, and felt like sandpaper. Fang Yuan injected primeval essence, and dusty Gu exploded lightly, turning into a grey smoke cloud.


 The grey smoke moved towards bright pearl Gu as if it was sentient.


 The originally shining bright pearl Gu was covered by this dust cover, and dimmed. The fixed immortal travel Gu’s aura diminished once again.


 This became a dusty pearl.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, when he got to central continent and caused the five region chaotic battle, some Gu Masters slipped into other regions to battle, and in order to hide their identities and conceal their aura, they created this method.


 "What are you doing?" Ge Yao asked curiously.


 Fang Yuan did not answer her, he kept the dimmed pearl into his pocket and continued on his journey.


 The two continued to advance, as the poison fog in the air became thicker, the thick purple color fog started to affect their vision.


 The two had to stop more frequently, using Gu worms to eliminate the poison in them.


 Crack...


 A crisp sound came from the below their feet, like they had stepped on some twigs.


 Ge Yao directed her gaze over in suspicion, before screaming and jumping back like a rabbit.


 "Wh... why is there a human skull here?" She said with a trembling voice.


 "Because this is a battlefield." Fang Yuan walked ahead of her, not turning back but instead walking even faster.


 "Battlefield? Hey, wait for me, don’t go so fast!" Ge Yao quickly followed after Fang Yuan.


 The more she walked, the more shocked she was.


 Before, the thick purple fog was covering her vision, but now that she got close, she could see many skeletons on the rotting grassland, skeletons of both humans and wolves.


 There were deep pits and trenches in the ground, evidently, a fierce battle had taken place here.


 "So many people died, who engaged in such a brawl here? But the trenches and pits have already been outgrown by poisonous grass, looking at the other traces, this battle took place at least twenty years ago."


 Ge Yao was behind Fang Yuan, seeing him search continuously, like he was trying to find something, she understood.


 "So Chang Shan Yin’s purpose for entering this poison grassland is this battlefield. What is he looking for? Wait, twenty years ago, in the poison grassland, there was indeed a huge battle. Father had spoken with someone about this, I was beside him at that time..."


 A memory surfaced deep in Ge Yao’s mind.


 Back then, Ge Yao was still young, she was only four or five years old. Her father invited an esteemed guest, and brought her along with him.


 In the tent, the adults were talking about the heroes in the grassland.


 "Speaking of which, Chang tribe has an amazing person!"


 "You mean the Wolf King?"


 "That’s right, this person is an enslavement path Gu Master heavily nurtured by Chang tribe, he moved like the wind and attacked like the rain, he could alter his battle formations as he wished, he has great abilities. Most importantly, he is a righteous figure, he is extremely filial to his mother. This time, because his mother was poisoned by a unique poison, it can only be cured by the snow wash Gu inside the spiraea. He ignored all opposition and ventured into poison grassland alone."


 "Sigh, that is exactly why Wolf King died."


 "Yes, this matter was a huge scheme from start to end. Wolf King’s enemy Ha Tu Gu planned this. Ha Tu Gu wanted to kill Wolf King, but he was not to be trifled with, killing all of the bandits with Ha Tu Gu and eliminated a huge pest for the grassland."


 "But it is a pity for this hero, Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, he lost his life at poison grassland."


 ...


 "Chang Shan Yin? You are Wolf King Chang Shan Yin!" Thinking of this, Ge Yao opened her mouth, staring at Fang Yuan fixatedly.


 "Oh? You know about Chang Shan Yin too?" Fang Yuan replied lightly as he continued searching.


 But Ge Yao quickly shook her head: "No, no way. Looking at his age, by now, if Chang Shan Yin is alive, he should be at least forty years old. How can he be as young as you. Furthermore, your appearance and accent are completely different. You are not Chang Shan Yin!"


 "Hehehe, if I am not Chang Shan Yin, who am I?"


 "Oh right, who are you? Why are you impersonating a dead Gu Master?" Ge Yao’s mind was full of questions.


 Suddenly, her eyes brightened up: "Wait! Although after Chang Shan Yin died, his mother also died of poison. But he was already married and had kids. His son is already grown up, and is quite a talented person. Don’t tell me... you are Chang Shan Yin’s son?"


 Fang Yuan laughed, just as he was about to answer, he heard a strange sound near his ears.


 This sound was like old wheels rolling on the ground.


 Following this sound, a large white bone wheel appeared in the purple fog.


 It was as tall as two men, 1.5m in width, its body was made of white bones. On the surface of the carriage, sharp bone spikes were protruding out. At the spoke of the wheel, there was a large skull. The skull’s horrific eye sockets were burning with blood-red flames.


 "Careful, this is Ha Tu Gu’s rank five Gu — Battle Bone Wheel!"


 Fang Yuan had just warned, when the wheel accelerated, crushing over with an imposing aura.


 Golden dragon Gu!


 Fang Yuan pushed with his hand, and the dragon roared, smashing on the wheel.


 The wheel vibrated, easily smashing the golden dragon to bits and continued to attack Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan quickly spread his bone wings and flew into the sky.


 But the wheel also lifted off from the ground, flying into the air.


 Golden coat Gu!


 Fang Yuan knew he could not dodge and decided to face it head on.


 Bam, he was sent flying, landing on the ground, causing his body to be covered in rotten grass.


 Swoosh swoosh swoosh!


 Three spiral water arrows shot the wheel consecutively.


 The white bone wheel landed on the ground, causing mud to splash. It gave up on Fang Yuan, turning its target to Ge Yao, rolling over.


 Ge Yao quickly activated the water trace Gu, summoning her water armor and dodging while attacking back.


 Fang Yuan also arrived quickly and started to assist her.


 This was a tough fight.


 The opponent was a rank five Gu, it was Ha Tu Gu’s core Gu. After Ha Tu Gu died, it became a wild Gu, and ate white bones as food.


 White bone wheel’s attack was fierce, it often crushed its opponents into meat paste.


 Fang Yuan was suppressed, and his battle strength was lowered, he also did not bring a rank five Gu, he could not face the white bone wheel directly.


 His original plan was to avoid the white bone wheel and find Chang Shan Yin’s corpse.


 But with Ge Yao to assist him, he changed his plans and decided to battle.


 After fighting for four hours, using the kiting tactic devised by Fang Yuan, the two bullied the white bone wheel’s lack of intelligence, taking breaks in turns and eventually caused the white bone wheel to fall over.


 Once the battle was decided, Fang Yuan placed both hands on the white bone wheel, sending his will and primeval essence into it.


 White bone wheel was a rank five Gu, even if he had the rank six Spring Autumn Cicada and fixed immortal travel Gu, they could not help him to instantly refine it.


 But the wheel was full of cracks, it was almost going to break apart, it was a step away from being destroyed. With Fang Yuan’s hundred man soul, he had ample mental energy and with his firm will, he continuously injected primeval essence into it, after spending fifteen minutes, he finally subdued it.


 Rank five Gu obtained!



***
Chapter 431: Chang Shan Yin’s death


***





 Chapter 431: Chang Shan Yin’s death


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan’s mind entered his aperture.


 After the white bone wheel entered his aperture, it floated along the waves of his true gold primeval sea, half sinking and half floating, showing a lifeless appearance.


 Gu worms naturally get hurt, damaged, or even die.


 "This white bone wheel is already on the verge of destruction and can no longer be used, unless I can find the bone bamboo Gu and combine it with the ghost fire Gu to repair it." Fang Yuan thought in his heart.


 There are many healing Gu which are not intended for human bodies.


 Some Gu, such as wolf smoke Gu, are specifically used to treat the injuries of wolves, while other Gu, like pig iron Gu are used to treat chainsaw golden centipede.


 Bone bamboo Gu, combined with ghost fire Gu, can repair the damage of the white bone wheel, so that it can function again.


 "Speaking of the battle bone wheel Gu, it’s actually quite famous, since it was used by the rank eight Demonic Gu Immortal Shen Jie Ao. He was also known as the Proud Bone Demon Lord. His talent was outstanding and shocking. When he became a rank six Gu Immortal, he lacked a rank six Gu. He came up with a killer move known as White Bone Chariot. The white bone chariot consisted of many rank five Gu, such as the white bone wheel, and had power comparable to a rank six Gu!


 "By the virtue of his ingenuity, Shen Jie Ao reached rank eight realm, and made his killer move ’White Bone Battlefield’ famous in the world; it was a killer move that combined three Immortal Gu’s power, it was even more powerful than before. He used this to dominate the world, killing an uncountable number of Gu Immortals, his fierce name spread wide as he caused the righteous path to be helpless. Sigh, when can I reach such a stage?"


 In his past life, Fang Yuan lived for about five hundred years, and became a rank six Gu Immortal, one step away from rank seven. When he later refined the Spring Autumn Cicada, he was attacked by the righteous path and consequently self-detonated.


 Every time he thought about Blood Sea Ancestor, Proud Bone Demon Lord, Soul Specter Demon Venerable, all of them were amazing characters, Fang Yuan could not help but be impressed.


 "As a man living in present age, I should be like this, unrestrained by the mortal realm, doing things without worry, killing whoever I dislike. When my heart is evil, I slaughter all beings, and when I am virtuous, I bless the world. The world moves according to my emotions, I dominate everything, any enemy who resists me are trampled underfoot. Oh, this is a true freedom, a cheerful and carefree life!"


 Fang Yuan let out a heartfelt sigh and took out a bright pearl Gu from his pocket.


 Bright pearl Gu was already dusty, its light was dim. Sealed inside was fixed immortal travel, the aura of the Immortal Gu was also fading.


 Fang Yuan took out the dark toss Gu.


 This Gu and dusty Gu looked almost the same, a silkworm cocoon like shape, except it was deep black in color.


 Fang Yuan transferred his primeval essence, the black silkworm cocoon wiggled up, ten tendrils twisted out, twisting like snakes, and climbed on the bright pearl Gu.


 In just a short moment, the bright pearl Gu was enveloped by a black silkworm cocoon.


 This was known as "tossing pearls in the dark", it was developed during the battle of the five regions, to completely conceal the aura of Gu worms.


 Because of this, fixed immortal travel’s aura was even fainter now.


 "Warrior Chang Shan Yin, you are trying to seal this beautiful jade butterfly?" Ge Yao stood to the side and gradually understood Fang Yuan’s intention.


 Fang Yuan gave her a mysterious smile and kept the dark pearl into his pocket and continued to be buried in his research of the battlefield.


 This battlefield was created twenty years ago, after the battle between Chang Shan Yin and Ha Tu Gu.


 Chang Shan Yin was a rank four peak stage Gu Master, while Ha Tu Gu was already a rank five initial stage Gu Master who also lead a large band of subordinates.


 The two were originally childhood friends, but they fell in love with the same woman. The woman ultimately chose Chang Shan Yin, and from then on Ha Tu Gu became filled with a jealous rage. This led to an unceasing hostility growing between the two of them, a hatred that could only be washed away with the blood of the other.


 After Ha Tu Gu poisoned Chang Shan Yin’s mother, in order to find the snow wash Gu, he lead the wolf packs deep into the poisonous plains.


 When he reached the plains, Chang Shan Yin set up an ambush there. When Ha Tu Gu brought his gang of bandits and came, as large groups of wolves attacked from all directions.


 This was a bitter fight to the death, until the sun went down.


 Eventually, the wolves were all killed, along with all the horse bandits, who were either killed or fled. Chang Shan Yin was at his limits, and Ha Tu Gu’s primeval essence was exhausted. The two resorted to fighting with their bare hands.


 Both men fought till their eyes turned red and made use of everything in their surroundings to gain the advantage.


 They wrestled together, biting with their teeth, clawing with their hands, until they finally expended all their strength, and collapsed to the ground, with barely enough strength to breathe.


 The life and death enemies, once incomparably close friends, were only two or three steps away from each other, but all they could do was gasp for air and stare at each other.


 They were powerful Gu Masters, one a righteous hero, the other a demonic devil, yet both had lost their strength. At this moment, both were as fragile as a child, if a rabbit came running and blocked their face, they would suffocate to death.


 They were at a deadlock, when suddenly Ha Tu Gu suddenly burst into hearty laugh. He was, after all, a rank five Gu Master, and his primeval essence recovery rate was quicker compared to Chang Shan Yin’s.


 His primeval essence recovered first, enough for him to cast a poisonous bone spear.


 Seeing the bone spear being shot towards him, Chang Shan Yin’s eyes widened, as a miracle burst of strength emerged in him.


 Using all his strength, he managed to turn half his body, but the poisonous bone spear, which had been aimed at his head, still pierced his chest.


 The intensity of the pain made Chang Shan Yin roar, but by relying on the wolf strength Gu to increase his strength, he managed to break the bone spear and clutched it tightly in his hand. Slowly, he dragged his body towards Ha Tu Gu’s side.


 In the end, Chang Shan Yin took the poisonous bone spear and stabbed it into the eyes of Ha Tu Gu, ending the life of his mortal enemy.


 Although Chang Shan Yin had won, the poison of the bone spear had already spread throughout his whole body.


 By utilizing all the primeval essence that he had just recovered, he activated the wolf fetus burial Gu.


 This Gu utilized a hundred and eight different species of pregnant female wolves, and its specialty was to save a life. If long as they had one breath left, the user could be saved.


 Chang Shan Yin used the Gu, drilled into the ground, and fell asleep.


 About thirty years later, a rank three Gu Master, Ma Hong Yun, was chased to the battlefield by a pack of wolves. In his desperation, he coincidentally managed to find the buried Chang Shan Yin.


 After Ma Hong Yun saved Chang Shan Yin, the latter not only helped him repel the wolves, but also helped him become one of the four great generals. In the future struggle for power in the grassland, Chang Shan Yin contributed countless merits, and Ma Hong Yun who was born as a slave became the lord of the imperial court.


 Chang Shan Yin experience both ups and downs of life, his tale was quite legendary. His story spread widely throughout the north, it was no secret.


 Later, with the aid of Ma Hong Yun, he became a rank seven Gu Immortal, receiving the title of "Sky Wolf General", gaining even greater authority.


 Ultimately, while resisting the invasion of the Central Continent, he died in battle, and his descendants passed down his biography — this is also why Fang Yuan was so knowledgeable about his history.


 "Hmm? I found it!"


 His long search had finally come to an end.


 Fang Yuan stepped forward and found a huge wolf tail on the grass.


 The wolf tail, covered with mud, was covered by poisonous grass and could hardly be seen. If it wasn’t for Fang Yuan’s persistence and careful search, it would have been impossible to find.


 "Originally, while Ma Hong Yun was escaping, he tripped on this wolf tail. When he pulled on the wolf tail, he saved not only Chang Shan Yin, but also himself."


 Fang Yuan was feeling overwhelmed by emotions, he grabbed the wolf tail and forcibly pulled it out.


 Suddenly, the land writhed, and a huge female wolf’s body appeared out of the ground, its eyes were closed, the whole body covered in purple fur, with a white belly.


 It was humongous; even while it was lying down, it was taller than a person.


 Ge Yao hurriedly ran over, her face flushed with surprise: "What wolf is this, why is it so big? Ah, it looks like a female wolf, look at its belly, it must be pregnant!"


 "It’s not a wolf, it’s a Gu." Fang Yuan said, taking out a sharp knife from moving perspective cup Gu.


 He sliced open the belly of the wolf, causing a long gash to appear.


 Immediately, the wolf’s bulging belly was torn open, and a large amount of amniotic fluid, mixed with blood, spewed all over the ground; the lower part of Fang Yuan’s body was soaked.


 Ge Yao saw what was happening, and hurriedly jumped out of the way to avoid becoming a victim of the filth.


 She then widened her mouth in surprise, crying out, "Why is there a man inside the wolf’s womb?"


 As the amniotic fluid continued to flow out, a person also came out. It was the true Chang Shan Yin!


 His eyes were closed, and his body was full of injuries, especially the part with the half-bone spear sticking out. He was covered in thick amniotic fluids, his expression showing great pain, and his skin was green.


 Fang Yuan quickly squatted down and extended his hands. It looked like he was observing the injuries of Chang Shan Yin, but in fact, he secretly pinched the neck of Chang Shan Yin.


 Poor Chang Shan Yin, a hero who succeeded in killing his enemy, and lived for another twenty years using his Gu worm. After another ten years or so, his fated lord appeared and saved him. But now that Fang Yuan had stepped in, the future of this man, the famous ’Sky Wolf General’ and the future rank seven Gu Immortal was killed.


 Chang Shan Yin died while he was unconscious, unable to resist, letting out only a faint breath.


 When Fang Yuan killed him, his body did not even tremble. Needless to say, since he was unconscious, he could not self-detonate his Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan’s mind entered his aperture and immediately found several tortoise breath Gu inside.


 Tortoise breath Gu was a storage Gu, like the bright pearl Gu, it was used to seal Gu worms.


 Before Chang Shan Yin entered the belly of the wolf, to prevent his Gu worms from starving to death, he seal his Gu worms one by one in the tortoise breath Gu.


 They were rank four Gu, shaped like oval stones, and were slightly larger in size than a fist. The surface of the stones was covered with markings, similar to that of a tortoise shell.


 By leaking the aura of the Spring Autumn Cicada, Fang Yuan instantly refined these tortoise breath Gu.


 He took all the tortoises out, and under the watchful eyes of Ge Yao, he crushed them all one by one to reveal the Gu inside.


 There were a total of eight Gu from the enslavement path, all of which were precious rank four Gu worms. Some of them were even more precious than ordinary rank five Gu. Chang Shan Yin meticulously arranged this collection, and with this set of Gu, he made a reputation for himself in northern plains. Using this set of Gu, he killed rank five Gu Masters before.


 And with the help of Spring Autumn Cicada, all of them became Fang Yuan’s possession.


 "And now, I finally have an excellent set of rank four Gu from northern plains!" The corner of his mouth curled into a faint smile.



***
Chapter 432: Human Skin Gu


***





 Chapter 432: Human Skin Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 But merely retrieving the Gu worms was not the whole purpose of Fang Yuan’s journey.


 After placing all of the Gu worms into his aperture, he turned his attention to Chang Shan Yin’s corpse.


 He started using Gu worms, helping the body to detoxify.


 "Isn’t he already dead?" Ge Yao asked by his side, looking confused. Detoxifying a living person made sense, but what was the point of detoxifying a corpse?


 Fang Yuan did not bother turning to answer her, but told her: "Stop looking, use your cleansing Gu and help."


 Fang Yuan and Ge Yao worked in turns; gradually, Shang Chan Yin’s corpse was losing its toxicity.


 "Don’t tell me... is he Chang Shan Yin? He’s your father?" Ge Yao had a sudden realization, and sent a look of inquiry towards Fang Yuan, "No, Chang Shan Yin’s son is a native of northern plains. Looking at your appearance, you’re obviously a foreigner."


 Fang Yuan let out a cold grunt, saying expressionlessly: "I told you, I am Chang Shan Yin."


 As the toxins in his body were purged, the surface of Chang Shan Yin’s skin gradually returned to it’s natural complexion, losing the wretched green color that came as a result of the poison.


 Fang Yuan, upon seeing that the cleansing was almost complete, asked the girl to step back. He stripped Chang Shan Yin of his clothes, and rinsed them with water.


 "You... you want to bring his body back?" Ge Yao surmised.


 However, Fang Yuan’s following actions immediately overturned her conjecture.


 She saw Fang Yuan retrieve a regiment of black ants from his aperture.


 Fang Yuan injected his primeval essence, and the black ants immediately rushed towards Chang Shan Yin’s pale and naked corpse and began to consume it.


 The black ants crawled all over Chang Shan Yin, swallowing all of his skin into their stomach, turning the corpse into a mess of fleshy tendons, and leaving the body beyond recognition.


 Ge Yao saw what was happening, and resisted the urge to vomit.


 Fang Yuan collected the ants once they were done, took out a seed, and planted it into the ground.


 As he poured his primeval essence, the seed began to grow at a visible rate: rooting, germinating, and blooming into a beautiful flower.


 The flower was in full bloom, yet it was quite strange in that it appeared as if it was covered in a membrane of skin, like the inner flesh of a mouth. The inner petals also had a row of tiny jagged sawtooth.


 The black ants converged into a group, climbing up the flower, and entered the core of the flower.


 The flower then closed again, its jagged teeth whirling wildly, as the teeth rubbed against each other, it made a humming sound, and made the whole flower tremble.


 Fang Yuan took out another Gu worm, which Ge Yao failed to recognize. The Gu turned into a multi-colored blaze, and attached itself to the top of the flower.


 The flower twisted wildly while it burned in the flame, giving off a sharp shriek.


 The shriek of the flower was so sharp that it forced Ge Yao to cover her ears and move backwards several more steps.


 At this point, the girl realized that something was amiss, this strange method reeked of the demonic path. Ge Yao’s complexion paled, and when she looked at Fang Yuan, she saw that his face had not changed, standing on the spot, both his eyes were shining as he paid attention to the flower.


 "Open." Suddenly, both of Fang Yuan’s eyes emitted an explosion of light as he shouted loudly.


 The corolla of the flower opened up a small slit, allowing the multi-colored flame to enter. Afterwards, the whole flower suddenly exploded and a Gu worm flew out.


 The Gu Worm had a multi-colored tint, constantly transforming; occasionally yellow-green, and occasionally blood-violet. Like a smokey fog that was rising upwards.


 "Human skin Gu, the refinement has finally been completed." Fang Yuan, upon seeing it, let out a sigh of relief. Next, he willed, retrieving an old removal Gu from his aperture, as it turned into a cooling breeze.


 The breeze flew out of the aperture, flowing all over Fang Yuan’s body, permeating his skin, tendons, and bones.


 Fang Yuan had originally used three Gu; ancient bronze skin, essence iron bones, and golden steel tendons, to modify his body, and now it was all washed away.


 Then, from the moving perspective cup Gu, he took out a sharp dagger.


 "The following scene is going to be a bit bloody, you should close your eyes." With his hand clutching the dagger, he gave his warning to Ge Yao.


 Ge Yao hurriedly took a breath, looking at Fang Yuan in confusion, unable to speak a word.


 Then at the next moment, the girl’s pupils shrank, both of her hands covered her mouth, unable to suppress her alarmed yelp.


 Under her horrified gaze, Fang Yuan pointed the dagger to his chest and softly sliced it.


 Swish!


 He had cut from himself from the neck down to his abdomen.


 Yet strangely enough, his blood did not flow out, he had prepared a staunch bleeding Gu in advance.


 After that, Fang Yuan expressionlessly slit the dagger along the middle of his body, then he stretched out his hand and ripped the skin off of his chest.


 The girl, upon seeing this horrifically violent scene, could not help but repeatedly step backwards again, her entire face had turned pale like paper.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth to endure the pain, and under the urging of his mind, the colorful smoke that was in floating in midair covered his whole chest.


 Sizzle...


 In the midst of the strange sound, Fang Yuan’s bare and bloody chest was covered by a new layer of skin.


 The peculiarity of it was, although the skin had just grown, it did not have the expected baby-like tenderness; instead it had the pale solidity of old skin.


 Then, Fang Yuan repeated the process, peeling the skin of his arms and his legs, completely removing them, to grow a new layer of skin.


 "This, don’t tell me..." Ge Yao could gradually see what was happening, and was flabbergasted.


 When he was peeling the skin of his back, Fang Yuan was somewhat troubled, but under his strenuous effort, he managed to succeed.


 Eventually, it was time for the most critical part, the face.


 Fang Yuan stop for a moment, taking a quick rest, then, lifting up his dagger, he aimed at the tip at his eyelid.


 Ge Yao watched with her whole body trembling, yet Fang Yuan’s hands were steady like they were cast iron, each of his actions were precise and minute. He first cut his eyelids off, followed by his eye sockets, the knife tip curved out and reached his ear, and moved from his cheek to his chin.


 Turning around at his chin, he did the same to the other side, and ended up completing a circle.


 Next, Ge Yao saw Fang Yuan removing his own face; her heart pounded furiously, and her legs felt weak.


 The colorful smoke then flew over again, and grew a new layer of skin.


 Subsequently, Fang Yuan did the same to the skin on his neck, ears, and scalp.


 When he turned his face to look at Ge Yao, he had already changed into a new person, sporting the appearance of Chang Shan Yin.


 "I told you, I am Chang Shan Yin." He said in a bland tone.


 Ge Yao looked at Fang Yuan in disbelief, he had actually spoken in a perfect northern plains accent.


 Of course Fang Yuan could speak in the northern accent, he just chose not to earlier.


 "You, you!" Her finger was pointed at Fang Yuan, her body trembled violently, her face had turned pale, and her expression was filled with horror.


 Fang Yuan laughed in disdain internally: the human body is merely a sack of flesh, I was just changing the sack, what was the point of making such a fuss? The so-called beauty and ugly are superficially and weak things. If this is Earth, people have no powers and the immortal path is cut, then so be it. But in this world, only eternal life is worth pursuing!


 This human skin gu, hundred of years later, it would be developed by Gu Masters during the five region chaotic battle. It could be used by Gu Masters to cleverly disguise themselves as another person, with their face being identical.


 Many of central continent’s Gu Masters, using human skin Gu, were able to penetrate deep into enemy headquarters. Allowing for secret assassinations and mass destruction, it had greatly augmented the military power of the central continent, making the four other regions panic and doubt each other.


 Not paying any attention to the pretty lady who was scared out of her wits, Fang Yuan stood where he was and brought his hands to eye level to observe them.


 By now, his hands had completely changed.


 His fingerprints and palm prints were exactly the same as Chang Shan Yin’s.


 Next, he felt his chest.


 His chest was originally smooth and flat, but now it sported chest hair that extended downwards from his throat to his crotch.


 He felt his own nose, a northern man’s stiff nose, then he felt his rough cheeks. He took out a mirror and observed his features, his face had already become that of Chang Shan Yin, going to the extent that he had begun to grow hair in the same style. Even the grey hair that came with old age were completely replicated.


 Human skin Gu, it referred to the fact that human skin was the main ingredient of the Gu worm. In addition, the transformation was a complete transformation. Not just skin, but hair, eye color, the shape of his bones, and even old injuries were completely replicated


 ...


 Ge Yao looked at Fang Yuan, it felt like a dead man had just resurrected.


 "You, who the hell are you?" She stared at Fang Yuan, full of vigilance and alertness.


 Fang Yuan gave her a smile, saying gently: "I told you, I am Chang Shan Yin."


 "Do you think I’m a fool? Just a moment ago, I saw the whole thing, I saw it first-hand till the end. Also, you are an outsider, stop using our northern accent to speak!" The girl shrieked, her expression looked almost deranged.


 Fang Yuan looked at her with a considerate gaze, his face showing great wisdom that came with age, he let out a sigh filled with great emotion: "Little lady, rest assured, I mean you no harm, I am Chang Shan Yin, from the beginning to the end, I did not lie to you."


 "So, so how do you explain what just happened?" The young girl asked.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes glanced upwards, ignoring the girl, and looked at the sky, his expression was in daze as he spoke in a reminiscent tone: "Little lady, have you ever heard of soul seizure?"


 "Soul seizure?" Ge Yao had a blank look, her eyes flickered with confusion, and her tone was uncertain, "You mean, when a body is taken over by another soul?"


 Fang Yuan slowly and gently explained: "It seems you have heard about it before. Yes, you’re right, I was on the verge of death, with no one to rescue me, so I had no choice but to escape with my soul. In poison grassland, it is cloudy all year round, and the sun isn’t visible, which allowed my soul to wander freely. I wandered for a whole twenty years, until I was able to seize the body of a foreign Gu Master. While I teleported back with my Gu worm, I met you coincidentally."


 "Really? Is what you are saying really true?"


 "Hehehe, if I meant you harm, I would have killed you long ago, there would have been no reason to allow you to accompany me here, or even teaching you how to battle right?."


 "That’s true but..."


 "If I wanted to guard against you, I wouldn’t have let you witness these things. You are a northern plains native, and I am the great Chang Shan Yin, I wouldn’t do despicable things to a girl such as yourself. Why was it that I only managed to seize a body after twenty years? It was because I did not want to slaughter a northern plains native for my own selfish reasons. Little lady, will you attack me because of an outsider?" Fang Yuan’s smile was bright as the sun, speaking in a righteous tone.



***
Chapter 433: Snow Wash Gu


***





 Chapter 433: Snow Wash Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Ge Yao gradually let her guard down: "Your words are reasonable. If you truly are Chang Shan Yin, then you would be the great hero of our northern plains! For a mere outsider, I definitely wouldn’t make things difficult for you. Yet how can you prove your identity?"


 Fang Yuan chuckled and his expression changed, revealing a trace of the arrogance that belonged to a senior expert: "I, Chang Shan Yin, will neither change my name or surname, I am me, why would I need to prove myself? Little girl, if you want to leave now, I will definitely not stop you."


 Fang Yuan’s statement of allowing her to leave succeeded in shaking Ge Yao’s doubts, creating enormous hesitation in her heart.


 Fang Yuan did not miss this chance: "Little girl, it’s alright to be on guard, but just think, how many opportunities did I have to kill you on the way? There is no need to mention anything else, just think of the time we spent flying. I just had to release my hands and you would have fallen into the earth spike rat group, your death would have been certain. But didn’t I do that? Our meeting was fated; since you had the courage to flee your marriage, why don’t you have courage to face me?"


 Ge Yao fell into silence.


 Fang Yuan observed her expression and knew the time was ripe, finishing off his explanation: "Come with me, you are still young, it is not safe for you to wander around the depths of poison grassland alone. Didn’t you tell me you were searching for the snow spirea? You want to find a snow wash Gu in the snow spirea, and bring it back to the clan to earn great merit, allowing you to cancel your marriage, correct? Honestly speaking, that line of thinking isn’t realistic; one or two snow wash Gu won’t change your situation."


 "It just so happens I also need a snow wash Gu. I will bring you along to search for the snow spirea and capture a few snow wash Gu, then I will take you back to your tribe and personally persuade your father. What do you think?"


 "Really?" Ge Yao’s eyes immediately shone brightly: "I remember that father idolizes you, saying that you were a great hero. Father will definitely listen to you. But what do you still need the snow wash Gu for? Your mother has already passed away..."


 "Sigh!" Fang Yuan’s voice was melancholic, his expression lonely; he lowered his head before smiling bitterly, "I already know my mother passed away due to poison over twenty years ago. I could not find the snow wash Gu and return in time, I was unfilial. Do you know, since then, snow wash Gu had already become my obsession? I must definitely capture one and kneel in front of my mother’s tomb to repent."


 Tears fell down Fang Yuan’s cheeks as he spoke of this.


 The girl looked at Fang Yuan’s tears and was thoroughly convinced by Fang Yuan’s lies. Her heart ached and consoled: "Senior Chang Shan Yin, this is not your fault. Everything was because of that damned Ha Tu Gu!"


 "Don’t speak anymore, let’s go." Fang Yuan waved his hand and walked forward.


 "I am sorry, I was wrong. I should not have doubted you." Ge Yao felt a twinge of guilt, immediately following behind Fang Yuan to apologize.


 Fang Yuan consoled the girl, causing her inner guilt to become even heavier.


 The two continued to walk to the depths of poison grassland; the purple fog continued to become denser and even poison resistant wild beasts like poison beard wolves rarely appeared.


 After walking two to three hundred li, Fang Yuan and Ge Yao had no choice but to use their Gu to detoxify themselves. After walking another five to six hundred li, the poisonous purple fog became so dense that they could not even see their own hands.


 Ge Yao’s fog sparrow Gu had already lost its use in such a situation. However, Fang Yuan was already prepared and could still scout the distance of a thousand steps.


 "Senior Chang Shan Yin, we should return. We can still go in another direction, maybe we can find the snow spirea there. If we go any deeper, I’m afraid..." Ge Yao’s face was suffused with a purple color, she had already reached the point where she could endure no more.


 But Fang Yuan shook his head and refused to accept her suggestion, persisting on moving forward.


 The girl did not understand, but Fang Yuan was understood that snow spirea grew in very poisonous environments.


 And this poisonous grassland also had a lot of history.


 In the deepest part of poison grassland, there was a blessed land where rank the seven Gu Immortal Zi Yan Ran, titled Lady Poison Scorpion, resided.


 An uncountable number of poisonous grass grew on her Zi Du blessed land with many large poisonous swamps and marshes. Large amounts of poisonous beasts and poisonous Gu lived on her blessed land.


 The toxins of these poisonous beings accumulated to such an intensity that even the blessed land could not endure it.


 Thus, every few years, the blessed land’s entrance would open to release the dense toxic gas outside.


 Most of the toxic gas formed into the purple poison fog in the poisonous grassland.


 Some creatures at the lowest rung of the blessed land also took this chance to sneak out. Thus, there were large numbers of poison beard wolves in the poisonous grassland.


 After a long period of this cycle, a complete change occurred to the surroundings of Zi Du blessed land. Dark clouds covered the surroundings all year round, creating a world devoid of light. Purple fog lingered and tormented all living beings. Large numbers of poisonous grass grew, and the poison beard wolves rampaged around outskirts of the poisoned lands. The grassland had become a forbidden zone for living beings and was named the poisonous grassland by the mortals out of fear.


 Zi Du blessed land was at the center of the poisonous grassland, and the place Fang Yuan was currently at was around the center.


 In the depths of the grassland, dense poisonous fog lingered all year round, encouraging the growth of a large number of snow spirea. Fang Yuan knew if he persevered in moving forward a little longer, he would definitely see the snow spirea.


 Sure enough, as he had expected, after walking forward another few hundred steps, Fang Yuan discovered a snow spirea.


 The snow spirea was twenty feet tall; it had numerous branches and leaves on a pitch black trunk, contrasted by the countless drooping spirea branches that were pure white. Within the dense purple fog, it appeared sacred and noble.


 Fang Yuan walked to the snow spirea with Ge Yao, who immediately let out a shout of joy.


 The two began to carefully observe the snow-white leaves on the spirea branches.


 Soon enough, Ge Yao discovered one leaf that had already turned into a Gu.


 It was a snow wash Gu, an invaluable rank four Gu. Snow wash Gu’s detoxification ability was extraordinary, widely acknowledged by the northern plains’ Gu Masters.


 The two searched for a long while and found three snow wash Gu.


 Fang Yuan only took one and gave the other two to Ge Yao, causing the girl to inwardly feel grateful.


 After he acquired the snow wash Gu, Fang Yuan took out a dark pearl.


 The Immortal Gu, fixed immortal travel, was sealed inside, and at that moment, it quietly let out a slight amount of it’s immortal aura. If this aura persisted, it would easily be discovered by Gu Immortals.


 "It is time." Fang Yuan willed and summoned a Gu from his aperture.


 He poured his primeval essence towards the Gu at once, turning the Gu into a red iron cabinet, which then firmly sealed the dark pearl.


 Immediately, the Immortal Gu aura was cut without the slightest bit leaking out.


 This was the Gu worm Fang Yuan captured on San Cha mountain, unique to Tie clan - iron cabinet Gu.


 Fang Yuan carried the iron cabinet on his back and walked back the way they came with Ge Yao.


 After walking around two to three hundred li, Fang Yuan stopped and took out earth treasury flower king Gu, stored the iron cabinet in its stamen, then planted it deep under the ground.


 This Gu was a rank five Gu and Fang Yuan had to spend quite some effort to plant it. His primeval essence was not enough, thus for a period, he had to pour primeval essence slowly while he absorbed primeval stones.


 It took him whole four hours before he finished.


 At Qing Mao mountain, Fang Yuan had obtained Flower Wine Monk’s inheritance. The Flower Wine Monk had hidden his Gu worms into earth treasury flower Gu.


 Earth treasury flower Gu was only a rank two Gu, and only after it advanced again and again, could it become a rank five earth treasury flower king.


 When earth treasury flower king bloomed open, it was ten times larger than earth treasury flower. It had huge dark golden petals that were as soft as silk and in the depths of its stamen was dark golden floral liquid.


 However, when earth treasury flower king closed shut, its whole size was smaller than an infant’s fist.


 It completely curled up in the depths of the ground, not leaking out the slightest bit of aura.


 After planting the earth treasury flower king, Fang Yuan carefully destroyed all traces of it on the ground. At this moment, he had genuinely and completely hidden the Immortal Gu fixed immortal travel.


 Fang Yuan’s aperture could not store fixed immortal travel. He could only use this method to hide the Immortal Gu and retrieve it in the future.


 In such a vast grassland, who would think an extremely precious Immortal Gu was buried here?


 Yet the aura of the Immortal Gu had still been a problem. Its aura would persist for a long while and attract Gu Immortals.


 Thus, Fang Yuan had intermittently sealed the Immortal Gu when he buried it; it was to guard against a Gu Immortal’s search.


 "Unless, the Gu Immortals that come possess an investigative Immortal Gu, capable of seeing through the ground and scouting hundreds of li deep into the ground, the possibility of its discovery is slim."


 If fixed immortal travel Gu was truly discovered by some Gu Immortal and taken, Fang Yuan could only attribute it to his bad luck.


 However, even if that happened, he would absolutely not bring fixed immortal travel with him. Compared to the Immortal Gu, he felt his own life was more precious.


 The two continued moving through the grassland and returned to that battlefield.


 When they reached the place, Fang Yuan looked for another direction and did not move along their original way, using Ge Yao’s return heart Gu to point the direction.


 The return trip was not smooth, Fang Yuan and Ge Yao encountered the attacks of wolf groups’ time and again.


 They even encountered thousand wolf groups three or four times; Fang Yuan could only grab Ge Yao and fly to the sky to avoid this calamity.


 As the two got closer to the outer edge of poison grassland, the number of wolves and difficulty they encountered decreased.


 ...


 About a hundred poison beard wolves pounced upon Fang Yuan and Ge Yao.


 Fang Yuan laughed brightly, he was happy instead of shocked as he flew to the air and pointed down.


 "Wolf enslavement Gu, go!"


 A rank two wolf enslavement Gu turned into a lump of blue smoke and descended, enshrouding the hundred beast wolf king.


 The hundred beast wolf king struggled intensely, its soul resisting strongly. But in front of Fang Yuan’s hundred man soul, it failed utterly.


 "Howl, howl."


 When Fang Yuan landed on the ground, the hundred beast wolf king ran around Fang Yuan’s feet with its tail swaying like a little puppy.


 The wolf group it brought also remained motionless under its command, becoming Fang Yuan’s minions.


 This was already the second wolf group Fang Yuan had subdued.


 As they continued, Fang Yuan’s strength became stronger, the wolf group around him growing larger.


 Their trip of death before had unknowingly become a leisurely outing.


 When the wolf group following Fang Yuan increased to a thousand wolves, with four hundred beast wolf kings, poison grassland was no longer scary.


 With this safety, Fang Yuan began to settle the Gu worms from southern border.


 Northern plains natives were xenophobic; his original appearance would have made him suffer exclusion and vigilance wherever he walked, making it difficult for him to do things, and the southern border Gu worms were also enormous flaws which could expose his identity.


 The innately cautious Fang Yuan would not allow these gaps to exist.


 All the Gu worms on him that were not from northern plains must be dealt with.



***
Chapter 434: Chang Shan Yin, be my husband!


***





 Chapter 434: Chang Shan Yin, be my husband!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The wide and huge poison grassland became even darker at night.


 Wind blew near the ears as the howling of wolves could be heard, resembling the cries of wandering spirits.


 A fire was burning silently on the grassland.


 Ge Yao got close to the fire, expelling the chill in her body.


 There was a pot on top of the fire, and a meat soup was cooking in it, emitting a fragrant smell.


 Ge Yao swallowed her saliva as her hunger intensified. Eventually, she gulped and asked Fang Yuan: "Senior Chang Shan Yin, can this meat soup be eaten already?"


 Fang Yuan sat opposite the young girl, the two were separated by the fire.


 "No rush, this dried meat has just entered the pot, it needs to cook to a boil. Wait a while more, when the meat is soft and juicy, it will be extremely delicious." Fang Yuan took out the moving perspective cup Gu as he said plainly.


 "Oh, we still have to wait so long." Ge Yao pouted, her beautiful face was shining in the flame, together with her long robe exclusive to northern plains and her beautiful accessories, it showed a unique style.


 But such a tranquil scene was not enough for Fang Yuan to take a second look.


 His gaze was on the moving perspective cup Gu.


 Moving perspective cup Gu was a rank five Gu, now that it was in northern plains, it was suppressed to rank four. Speaking of capacity, it was weaker than other rank four Gu. It was expensive to feed, one of the most expensive among the rank five Gu worms. It was also extremely heavy on primeval essence consumption. But why did Fang Yuan choose it specifically, expending his energy and resources to refine it?


 That is because it originated from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, he stole from heaven and robbed earth, he was the wealthiest venerable in history.


 He spent his entire life’s effort to find the rumored legendary space cave.


 Space cave was first depicted in <>, it was a forbidden ground on the same level as the river of time. In the river of time, there were large numbers of time path Gu worms. Inside the space cave, there were countless space path Gu worms.


 It connected the five regions, hidden in a place no one knew. Pushing open a door from inside the space cave, one can reach any place in the world. The door that connected the space cave was also known as the space door. Space door was omnipresent, it could be in a narrow crack, or in the wide and boundless sky. Where there is space, there is a door into space cave.


 But from the past until now, very little people could find the space cave, not to mention going inside. In the entire human history, only one person had managed to enter and exit it.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable discovered the recipe of the moving perspective cup Gu, his intention was to send this moving perspective cup Gu into the space cave, and bring out large numbers of wild Gu worms inside it.


 But he failed, yet succeeded.


 Four hundred years later, his blessed land was excavated, and all sorts of Gu Immortals competed for it. The recipe of the moving perspective cup Gu was also spread as a result, its strong effect quickly caused many Gu Immortals to recommend it, and it became famous throughout the regions.


 Fang Yuan took out the golden dragon Gu from his aperture.


 The rank four golden dragon Gu was suppressed into a rank three. After it flew out, it entered the moving perspective cup Gu.


 Fang Yuan injected large amounts of primeval essence into the moving perspective cup Gu.


 This cup with a gold top and silver bottom, immediately gave off a strong golden-silver light, floating in the air.


 Fang Yuan pulled back his hand, and pushed the cup slightly forward.


 The moving perspective cup Gu moved forward, until it vanished. First, the sides vanished, and then half the cup was gone, finally it vanished in mid air.


 Ge Yao stood up abruptly, staring with wide opened eyes as she saw this strange scene.


 At the same time, far away in central continent, Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Little Hu Immortal suddenly had a feeling, immediately teleporting into Dang Hun palace’s secret room.


 In the secret room, a moving perspective cup Gu gave off a shining radiance as it floated in the sky. As if it was pulled by an invisible force, it moved forward slowly before vanishing in the air.


 When moving perspective cup Gu completely vanished, Fang Yuan stretched out both his palms parallel to the ground as he activated his primeval essence again.


 Suddenly, a golden-silver light burst out in his palm.


 Immediately after, Ge Yao saw the rim of a cup appearing, gradually growing to become half the cup, and finally,the entire cup appeared from thin air.


 When the light faded, the cup-like Gu worms landed in Fang Yuan’s palms.


 "Done." Fang Yuan muttered, seeing this cup, he knew that his plans did not go out of control.


 "Senior Chang Shan Yin, what did you do? Eh, this Gu doesn’t seem right." Ge Yao walked a few steps towards Fang Yuan and asked curiously.


 "In what way?" Fang Yuan laughed lightly, taking out a primeval stone and recovering his primeval essence quickly.


 Ge Yao did not speak, she only stared at moving perspective cup Gu, when suddenly her eyes shone, as she shouted: "This Gu is not the same, originally it was golden top and silver bottom, but now it is silver top and golden bottom."


 Fang Yuan laughed.


 That’s right!


 There was not just one moving perspective Gu, there were two.


 These two Gu worms, one was golden top and silver bottom, while the other was silver top and golden bottom. The two together, made up the complete moving perspective cup Gu. Before Fang Yuan left, he brought one with him while placing the other in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 When he injected his primeval essence, the two moving perspective cup Gu entered the space cave, and swapped positions with each other inside the space cave. The one that was in the blessed land thus came to Fang Yuan. As for the cup that held golden dragon Gu, it returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 In the past, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable wanted to rely on the moving perspective cup Gu to steal the Gu worms inside space cave. He failed and did not achieve his goal. But the moving perspective cup Gu, in another way, was a great success.


 Using the omnipresent space cave, a pair of moving perspective cup Gu could interchange in the space cave and transport resources between two places.


 Most importantly, it was rank five, it was not a unique Immortal Gu.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, during the chaotic battle of the five regions, moving perspective cup Gu was a must-have Gu for all factions. Even Gu Immortals competed for it.


 Fang Yuan took out a letter from this moving perspective cup Gu.


 It was written by little Hu Immortal, stating the current situation in the blessed land.


 Fang Yuan had only been in poison grassland for five to six days, but a month had already passed in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The letter stated that other than Dang Hun mountain, everything was going well. Immortal Crane Sect suggested another transaction, but according to Fang Yuan’s instructions, little Hu Immortal rejected it.


 If they did more transactions, Immortal Crane Sect would have a higher chance of finding out that Fang Yuan was not in the blessed land. Fang Yuan was in northern plains, but he was still concerned with the blessed land. Using the moving perspective cup Gu to exchange letters like this, he could control the situation behind the scenes, and other people’s schemes would not succeed.


 Fang Yuan sent a letter back after looking at the one he received.


 Ge Yao was completely lost, she could not read central continent characters.


 Together with this letter, Fang Yuan placed three rank four Gu inside, golden coat Gu, charging crash Gu, and bone wings Gu.


 The more things were placed inside, the more primeval essence consumed by the moving perspective cup Gu. In contrast, the distance between the two cups did not matter.


 This is because moving perspective cup Gu was created in a special way, it used the mystical forbidden passage of the space cave.


 Fang Yuan’s earlier attempt was a test run. After making sure that the moving perspective cup Gu was working fine, he started to send all his Gu worms that were from southern border into the blessed land, for little Hu Immortal to take care of them.


 In the blessed land, little Hu Immortal sprawled on the table, staring at blank space with her large shining eyes.


 The golden dragon Gu in the moving perspective cup Gu was already taken away.


 Suddenly, moving perspective cup Gu started floating again, and entered the space cave. Afterwards, another cup appeared and landed on the table.


 Little Hu Immortal took out the things inside moving perspective cup Gu, and saw Fang Yuan’s reply, extremely elated as she shouted: "Master’s reply!"


 With just one cycle, the primeval essence in Fang Yuan’s aperture were mostly expended.


 He had to hold onto a primeval stone and replenish his primeval essence again.


 Ge Yao stood at one side, gradually starting to understand. She, who was overwhelmed with curiosity, asked a few more questions again. But Fang Yuan only smiled plainly, not replying her.


 "Hmph, acting all mysterious, it’s no big deal." The girl pouted, sitting back at her original seat in displeasure.


 She sat down, frowning as she stared at Fang Yuan angrily.


 Fang Yuan completely ignored her, causing her to be even more angry.


 She was doted on by her father since young, she was the beauty of her tribe, no one had ever dared to look down on her. But during this entire journey, Fang Yuan did not give her any attention.


 Many youths had pursued her with great enthusiasm, causing her temperament to become even more arrogant.


 Ge Yao stared at Fang Yuan for a while more, after he recovered his primeval essence, he started to use the moving perspective cup Gu again, completely forgetting her existence.


 However this time, this northern plains young girl’s displeasure vanished.


 "He is after all Chang Shan Yin, he is not someone those young and immature brats can compare with. In his eyes, what am I? Just an unimportant junior I guess."


 Thinking so, Ge Yao felt dejected, as she looked at Fang Yuan’s face, she became dazed.


 Fang Yuan used human skin Gu to change his appearance, with the features of a northern plains native, it matched her sense of beauty even more.


 When Chang Shan Yin was young, he was one of the most handsome teenagers in Chang tribe.


 His five features were proper, his nose was sharp, his brown eyes were deep, his thick lips showed his determined personality.


 His sideburns were already turning white, it showed the experience and wisdom of a mature man. That was an intense attraction to a young girl.


 As the light of the flame flickered, Fang Yuan’s expression flickered along with it, his determined and mature disposure was strongly felt.


 Ge Yao’s thoughts drifted, she thought secretly, what kind of person was Fang Yuan?


 The startle when they first met, the warmth when he smiled, the knowledge when he gave her pointers, the bravery when he fought, and the absolute calmness when he tore down his own skin.


 All these scenes flashed in the young girl’s heart, it was so vivid, like the memories were ingrained in the girl!


 "What about his past?" Ge Yao thought again.


 Chang Shan Yin’s past was a heroic tale, it was widely spread in northern plains.


 Numerous people respected him, love him, and thought well of him.


 When he was young, his reputation was overwhelming, he was the future hope of Chang tribe.


 He was famous very quickly, his first-rate wolf enslavement skill caused people to marvel.


 Most importantly, he was righteous and just, forgiving and kind, he never oppressed the weak, was filial to his parents, and helped tribesmen in need. At the same time he had a great sense of brotherhood and loyalty, he placed his life on the line to protect his tribe, and performed great deeds for Chang tribe.


 He married a beautiful wife, but gained the betrayal of his childhood friend. Fate toyed with him, causing this man to lose his mother, his sworn brother, his beautiful wife, and almost, his own life.


 But he survived in the end.


 Relying on his own hard work, he crawled up from the abyss of death, and created a legend that normal people could never imagine!


 "This man shoulders endless pain and suffering, countless wounds and injuries are hidden within him." Ge Yao thought of this and had a strong urge to hug Fang Yuan, using her warmth to heal this injured lone wolf, the former Wolf King.


 As the fire burned on, the wood was crackling under the flame.


 Ge Yao’s gaze towards Fang Yuan became more infatuated, she could not longer help herself.


 Under the warm fire, a young girl’s feelings were developing, and growing.


 When Fang Yuan finished this round of cup exchange, and took out a primeval stone to recover his primeval essence, Ge Yao secretly made the most important decision in her life.


 She suddenly stood up, shouting towards Fang Yuan: "Chang Shan Yin! Be my husband!"


 The voice spread far and wide in the quiet grassland.


 "What did you say?" Fang Yuan frowned, even with his five hundred years of experience, he could not anticipate this girl’s change of heart.


 After he reacted, he smiled: "Stop fooling around, young girl, I am your senior. Looking at our age, I am over twenty years older than you, my son will be a good match for you."


 "No, Chang Shan Yin, I want you!"



***
Chapter 435: Don’t block my road to success!


***





 Chapter 435: Don’t block my road to success!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "No, Chang Shan Yin, I want you!" Ge Yao’s voice resonated in the grassland.


 Under the illumination of the bonfire, her eyes shone brightly as she stared head-on at Fang Yuan: "Chang Shan Yin, you are the hero of this great plains, your reputation extends far and wide. You are the man I can entrust my whole life to! Age is not a problem. Back in the day, didn’t old ancestor Giant Sun marry young women every year even after he was a thousand years old?"


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned dark: "Alright, don’t make a scene."


 Ge Yao stamped her foot and raised her voice: "I am not making a scene! Chang Shan Yin, I have already been deeply attracted to you along the way. Just earlier, I discovered that I had completely fallen in love with you. I am willing to give myself and everything to you, please accept me."


 "Young girl, I already have a wife." Fang Yuan heaved a sigh and said with a complex expression.


 Ge Yao immediately shook her head: "Your wife has already remarried. Even if you snatch her back, I don’t mind. I don’t intend to take your first wife’s position, I am satisfied being your concubine. Old ancestor Giant Sun had hundreds of thousands of imperial concubines, but only had one empress."


 However, Fang Yuan refused firmly: "I won’t marry again. My heart is already still, just like this poison grassland. You are still too young and are unable to understand my mind. During the days I spent in the wolf’s belly where I could not move at all, I felt extremely painful. When my soul floated over the vast plains, I wandered around aimlessly, but my mind gradually elevated to a greater height. I recalled my past, watched many people’s life and death. The suffering or happiness of my former life were no longer able to enter my heart. I have been completely reborn, I am a new Chang Shan Yin, I also won’t return to Chang tribe."


 "Then, come to my Ge tribe." Ge Yao’s eyes shone.


 She invited with utmost sincerity, but Fang Yuan still refused and did not show any signs of being moved.


 "Chang Shan Yin! Is your heart made of iron? You doubt me? Do you want me to take out my heart to let you check, just like those rockmen?" Ge Yao muttered, her eyes turned red and tears were on the verge of falling.


 Howl!


 Right at this moment, the howling of wolf groups signified that they were nearby.


 A large group of poison beard wolves were attracted by the fire and rapidly approached Fang Yuan and Ge Yao.


 However, there were large amounts of wolves resting beside the bonfire.


 The two groups of wolves soon clashed against each other and an intense battle unfolded.


 "This is a thousand beast group!" Ge Yao’s attention was attracted towards the wolves, her expression becoming grave.


 If it was before, they would choose to retreat when they came across such a scale of wolf group, but now Fang Yuan smiled coldly: "No matter, the situation is different from before, we also have a wolf group to help us. Ge Yao, I need to ask you to restrict the thousand beast wolf king. My primeval essence is exhausted, I will come assist you after I replenish it!"


 The girl nodded her head but she did not immediately leave and instead looked at Fang Yuan with her bright gaze.


 Fang Yuan looked at her: "Go."


 Ge Yao pursed her lips, her gaze was firm as she still remained motionless.


 Fang Yuan could only use a soft stance and said gently: "Alright, I will consider this matter."


 "But I want the answer now!" Ge Yao immediately said.


 A dark light flashed past Fang Yuan’s eyes, but on the surface he heaved a sigh and proposed: "If you can kill this thousand beast king alone, I will agree and take you as my wife."


 "Really?"


 "Hehe, a promise that us northern plainsmen make can never be broken."


 Ge Yao’s eyes shone brightly at this reply: "Okay, then just wait!"


 Battle intent filled the girl’s heart and she charged towards the battlefield, directly taking on the thousand beast wolf king.


 Gazing at her leaving, Fang Yuan’s smile quickly disappeared, replaced by indifference.


 He did not expect Ge Yao would be so attracted to him, the feeling of love had already taken his roots deep within her. However, when it came to love, this thing had always been unreasonable and was very difficult to deduce with common sense. Long long ago, Desolate Ancient Moon climbed Cheng Bai mountain and met with a rockman’s pursuit.


 According to <> —


 Ren Zu could not save his eldest son Verdant Great Sun, and at the final juncture of resurrection, he made a great mistake and was swept away by reverse flow river back into Luo Po valley.


 His eldest daughter Desolate Ancient Moon heard of this and wanted to go rescue her father.


 However, one must have the help of courage Gu and faith Gu to enter the life and death door.


 But these Gu were with her father Ren Zu.


 Desolate Ancient Moon was unable to enter the life and death door. She wanted to rescue Ren Zu but had no ways, so she asked for guidance from cognition Gu.


 Cognition Gu gave her two methods.


 The first method was to enter space cave, then open the space door to directly move to Ren Zu’s side. She could then use the space cave to escape life and death door. However, this method could only rescue Ren Zu’s soul and could not resurrect him.


 The second method was to climb to the peak of Cheng Bai mountain and find the one and only success Gu. As long as she made a wish to success Gu, she could rescue Ren Zu and allow him to successfully resurrect.


 Desolate Ancient Moon already knew of space cave’s existence, but she had no idea how to find the space cave. Moreover, to let her father truly resurrect, she had to go to Cheng Bai mountain.


 Cheng Bai mountain was not tall and was like a mound. It was peculiar as it was made from millions and millions of ’pebbles’.


 These ’pebbles’ were actually failure Gu. And there was only one success Gu; at the peak of Cheng Bai mountain.


 Desolate Ancient Moon walked to the foot of the mountain and began to ascend the mountain.


 Her movement woke up love Gu who was sleeping nearby.


 Love Gu was very angry at having its sleep disturbed and wanted to take revenge against Desolate Ancient Moon. It used its unique power to awaken a piece of stone.


 The stone gained life because of love Gu and became a rockman.


 The rockman was tall and might, his body filled with gold, silver, copper and iron, looking very dazzling and gorgeous.


 After the rockman was born, the first thing he saw was Desolate Ancient Moon. Her shocking beauty immediately conquered his heart.


 He started following behind Desolate Ancient Moon, and as he looked at her fair back view, his heart was filled with love.


 Finally, he could not endure it anymore and ran past Desolate Ancient Moon and blocked her, shouting loudly: "Beautiful lady, your appearance is so dazzling, your body is so elegant and your temperament is so noble. The very first moment I saw you, I was subdued by you. You are my love, please accept my love for you!"


 The rockman’s physique was huge, completely blocking Desolate Ancient Moon’s path.


 Desolate Ancient Moon slightly furrowed her brows and sized up the rockman before speaking coldly: "Love, what is that thing? You want me to accept your love, but where is it?"


 The rockman immediately took off the iron pieces from his body and offered them to Desolate Ancient Moon: "Beautiful lady, this is my firmness. I give it all to you, this is my love."


 Desolate Ancient Moon disappointedly shook her head; she had no interest in these iron pieces.


 The rockman was dazed before taking out the copper pieces from his body and piling them above the iron pieces: "Beautiful lady, this is my obstinance. I give it all to you because this is my love."


 Desolate Ancient Moon impatiently said: "Please move away, I have no interest in love, I need to rescue my father."


 The rockman panicked seeing that the goddess of his heart was unmoved. He kneeled down and made up his mind, taking out all the silver pieces in his body and piling them above the copper pieces: "Beautiful lady, this is my dignity. I give it all to you, this will prove my love for you, right?"


 Desolate Ancient Moon’s furrowed brows deepened: "Listen, I don’t have time to waste with you."


 The rockman became more anxious and took out all the gold pieces in his body and put them above the silver pieces: "Beautiful lady, this is my self-confidence. I give it all to you, they represent my love for you."


 Desolate Ancient Moon heaved a deep sigh: "Rockman, to express your love for me, you gave up your firmness, put down your obstinance, lost your dignity and even gave up your self-confidence. However, what I see is a very ugly rockman. Get up, I cannot accept your love, I have more important things to do."


 After losing his gold, silver, copper and iron decorations, the rockman looked very small and weak, even appearing comical. It lost all the beauty and might it had before.


 The rockman wept and begged Desolate Ancient Moon: "Then, how can I obtain your love?"


 Desolate Ancient Moon was anxious, but the rockman kept on kneeling on the ground. She thought of an idea and changed her expression to show a smile: "Rockman, since you love me, take out your real heart for me to see."


 The rockman opened his chest without any hesitation and offered his scarlet heart to Desolate Ancient Moon.


 Desolate Ancient Moon took the heart and immediately kept it.


 The rockman then said: "Now, I can obtain your love, right?"


 Desolate Ancient Moon shook her head: "Even if you offer your heart, it cannot exchange for my love."


 ...


 "Chang Shan Yin, look at this!" Ge Yao’s whole body was soaked in blood and injuries, her breathing was rough as she walked towards Fang Yuan with the head of the thousand wolf king in her hand.


 With the loss of their wolf king, the invading wolf group collapsed and fled.


 Fang Yuan slowly stood up and nodded: "You killed the thousand wolf king."


 Ge Yao showed extraordinary performance in the battle, but she suffered grave injuries, her whole face was stained with blood and her primeval essence was completely dried up. She looked at Fang Yuan with glittering eyes: "Chang Shan Yin, you are a hero, you won’t go back on your words, right?"


 "Of course I won’t. Your love has moved me. From today onwards, you are my wife." Fang Yuan gazed at Ge Yao profoundly, then step by step, he moved closer and hugged her.


 The girl relaxed her hands, the wolf king’s head fell down on the ground, and she passionately hugged Fang Yuan back. Her breathing sped up and her heart thumped rapidly, this moment was even more nerve-racking than when she was fighting the wolf king.


 In Fang Yuan’s warm embrace, she felt happiness and her eyes reddened.


 Chi.


 A soft sound suddenly echoed.


 The girl’s face stiffened and she used all her strength to get out of Fang Yuan’s embrace, then lowered her head to look at her chest.


 There, a sharp dagger had pierced into it.


 It was a fatal strike to both her body and mind.


 "Wh... why?" Ge Yao gazed at Fang Yuan with disbelief, her delicate body shook, and her gaze was filled with anger, hatred, shock and doubt.


 Fang Yuan looked at the girl and said, expressionlessly.


 He spoke of the story in <> —


 "The rockman was panicking seeing Desolate Ancient Moon had stored his heart away. He said: ’Heartless woman, your cold-heartedness has made me despair. Since I can’t obtain your love, then please give back my heart. Without my heart, I will die.’"


 "But Desolate Ancient Moon did not return the heart and watched as he slowly died."


 "’Why? I love you so much, why are you killing me!’ The rockman shouted before his death."


 "Desolate Ancient Moon looked at him with pity, but her voice was tranquil: ’Rockman, I did not want to kill you. But you blocked my path to success.’"


 "Path to success?" After Ge Yao heard this reply, she could no longer stand and collapsed on the ground.


 The dense aura of death made her body increasingly colder.


 The girl raised her small head, revealing her swan-like exquisite neck. She gazed at the dark night sky and laughed mournfully.


 She laughed only for few seconds before tears fell down her face.


 She looked at Fang Yuan, her gaze still expressing the deep love as before: "Chang Shan Yin! I don’t know how I am blocking your path to success. But now, even if you kill me, I do not hate you. Maybe you are seeking revenge? I will leave all my Gu worms to you, I hope they can be of some use to you in your path to success."


 " Cough cough ..." The girl coughed out blood and begged Fang Yuan with a grieved smile, "I am going to die, but before I die, I have a small favor to ask. I hope you can hug me, I really want to feel your warm embrace..."


 However, Fang Yuan did not move, his gaze coldly looking at the girl.


 He looked at the girl and saw her expression becoming stiffer as vitality left her bit by bit.


 Finally, the flower-like girl became an ice-cold corpse.


 Fang Yuan fell into a long silence as he looked at Ge Yao’s face.



***
Chapter 436: No regret even if I die along the way


***





 Chapter 436: No regret even if I die along the way


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Even if it was daytime, poison grassland was still solemn and dark. The thick dark clouds obstructed the entry of sunlight.


 Behind a low mound, one hump wolf was lurking.


 The hump wolf’s size was as large as a war-horse. Its body had black and long fur, and two camel humps on its back. A pair of wolf eyes shone with eerie light in the darkness.


 It was lying on the mound, completely still like a statue. Even its breathing was slow, if one took a glance, they would think it was a piece of steel.


 Suddenly, the hump wolf’s long ears vibrated.


 Under its watchful gaze, a grey rabbit jumped out of a hole on the mound, starting to look for food.


 Even though there were delicious grass near its hole, the grey rabbit did not care about them, it rushed out to look for grass far away.


 Rabbits did not eat grass near their hole as it would expose the hole that they lived in.


 The hump wolf saw the grey rabbit emerge, and its eyes drooped even lower, hiding most of its pupils, only leaving a small slit.


 As the grey rabbit ate grass, its ears were standing high in the air. If there were any danger alerts, it would raise its head quickly and look around, extremely vigilant.


 Hump wolf was extremely patient, watching the grey rabbit eat happily, it did not move, as if it was dead.


 The grey rabbit continued to eat, indulging in its delicious meal.


 When it was full, it started to return.


 Just at this moment, the hump wolf struck. It jumped out of the mound and charged towards the rabbit.


 Grey rabbit’s return route was blocked by the hump wolf, in its shock, it turned around to escape.


 Its speed was fast, as it sprinted, it resembled a white lightning swimming in the grass. The rabbit’s speed was higher than the hump wolf, quickly pulling some distance between them.


 But after sprinting for a while, it slowed down.


 The grey rabbit has explosive speed, but its stamina was much less than the wolf.


 The two ran and chased on poison grassland, engaging in a death chase. This was the most common scene in poison grassland — the game of survival between predator and prey.


 The hump wolf got closer and closer, seeing the grey rabbit right before it, the wolf jumped and assaulted.


 But at this moment, the rabbit’s speed rapidly increased, as it jumped to one side. After dodging the fatal attack, it moved away from the hump wolf again.


 This grey rabbit is very crafty, its fatigue earlier was just an act, it still had the ability to protect itself.


 Hump wolf did not succeed in its attack, thus it had to continue chasing after the rabbit.


 Soon, the distance between them shortened again.


 The hump wolf jumped again, but missed once more.


 After three to four times, the rabbit was exhausted, it was finally killed by the hump wolf.


 The hump wolf breathed roughly, sprawling on the ground before getting up after a long while. In this cruel competition, the predator did not always have an easy time, they often faced much difficulty and suffering.


 After catching this grey rabbit with much effort, the hump wolf did not enjoy this delicacy, but held it in its mouth as it returned to its home.


 In the den, there was a female hump wolf and numerous newborn wolf cubs to feed.


 But when this hump wolf got back to its den, it only saw blood traces and cold corpses.


 Howl!!!


 It abandoned the grey rabbit corpse, and howled angrily towards the sky. The fur on its neck stood up, as the intense hatred turn its eyes red.


 A large group of poison beard wolves surrounded it from all directions.


 Far away on a mound, Fang Yuan crossed his arms as he looked down, observing this battlefield.


 "Hehehe, as expected, a male wolf came." He laughed lightly, feeling that his recent luck had finally improved.


 Hump wolves were outstanding mounts in northern plains, although Fang Yuan had Chang Shan Yin’s rank four wolf sprint Gu, it expended quite a bit of primeval essence. He would rather ride a hump wolf, it was quicker and easier.


 When Fang Yuan accidentally found this wolf’s den, he killed the weak female wolf and its cubs, obtaining a rank two wolf enslavement Gu.


 He did not leave in a hurry, but instead used the poison beard wolves as ambush, awaiting the return of the male wolf.


 The battle between hump wolves and poison beard wolves had just gotten intense.


 The hump wolf had a large physique, together with the furious emotions it had, it battled even more fiercely. Using its claws, ordinary poison beard wolves were not its match.


 But with Fang Yuan’s manipulation, the poison beard wolves were very cunning, they did not fight it head on, but cooperated and worked with great teamwork, taking turns to drain the hump wolf’s stamina.


 After an hour, the hump wolf was breathing raggedly as it lost the ferocity it had earlier.


 Around it, there were sixty or so poison beard wolf corpses, that was its greatest achievement. Of course, if Fang Yuan wanted to kill it, with his skill in enslavement path, he would only need to sacrifice thirty poison beard wolves. But Fang Yuan wanted it alive, thus when he battled, he was restricted in many ways.


 "It’s about time." Fang Yuan looked at the hump wolf’s trembling limbs in the wind, he slowly walked down and got closer to the wolf.


 Now, most of his Gu worms were sent back to Hu Immortal blessed land using moving perspective cup Gu.


 When he was two hundred steps away from the hump wolf, Fang Yuan’s finger pointed and a rank two wolf enslavement Gu flew out.


 The wolf enslavement Gu exploded, turning into a light smoke that covered the hump wolf’s body.


 Hump wolf quickly jumped back to evade, but the light smoke chased after it. The hump wolf howled, charging towards Fang Yuan. However, the poison beard wolf pack stopped it with their full force.


 In a few breaths’ time, the smoke completely merged into its body.


 Hump wolf lied down on the ground weakly, its body was covered in wounds that were bleeding, its bright red eyes no longer stared at Fang Yuan with hatred, but showed submission.


 "Hundred man soul is really useful, if I did not use the guts Gu, I would need to spend a lot of effort to capture this hump wolf." Fang Yuan sighed in his heart, before activating wolf smoke Gu in his aperture.


 Wolf smoke Gu flew out, turning into thick smoke as it engulfed hump wolf, as well as most of the injured poison beard wolves.


 In a moment, the thick smoke dispersed, and hump wolf’s injuries were fully healed, it even grew new fur. The injured poison beard wolves also regained their vitality.


 However, even without injuries, their battle strength was not at their peak.


 What affected the battle strength of beats was not just injuries, but also their hunger.


 For wolves to display their full strength, they cannot be too hungry, as it leads to weakness. But they cannot be too full, as that would make them more sluggish.


 Earlier, when the hump wolf hunted, why did it patiently wait for the grey rabbit to get full? It was the same reason.


 Only when the wolves are half full and half hungry, could they have the will to fight, fighting most harshly and fiercely.


 After battling for so long, be it the hump wolf or the poison beard wolves, they had lost a lot of stamina and were hungry.


 Fang Yuan willed, and the poison beard wolves started eating the corpse of the dead wolves. Hump wolf ate that grey rabbit, and by the command of Fang Yuan, started to devour the dead female wolf and her cubs as well.


 Fang Yuan stood on the spot, taking out his rations and consuming them.


 Three days had passed since he killed Ge Yao.


 Ge Yao had to die, the moment she saw fixed immortal travel Gu, her death was guaranteed.


 Furthermore, she had first seen Fang Yuan step into northern plains naked, and then saw him bury the Immortal Gu, as well as using moving perspective cup Gu.


 She knew too many things, in Fang Yuan’s heart, she was a definite target to kill.


 Except when Fang Yuan first came, his battle strength was low, in order to move around in poison grassland, he needed her assistance.


 But Ge Yao could not be allowed to live, if her naivety could be used by Fang Yuan, others could naturally use it as well. She was such a burden, with her ordinary soul foundation, others only needed the mind reading Gu or recollection Gu on her to be able to completely expose Fang Yuan’s plans, and divulge his secrets to the world.


 This was a premeditated murder by Fang Yuan.


 As they survived hurdles one after another, the ghost face sunflower sea, the earth spike rats, the shadow crows, as well as finding Chang Shan Yin and using his skin, to finding snow wash Gu and burying the earth treasury flower king Gu, her value and use was diminishing. At the same time, her threat was rising slowly.


 Her love towards Fang Yuan also made him, who was disguised as Chang Shan Yin, feel like a dagger was placed at his throat, a great sense of danger.


 A young girl in love would use all ways possible to understand the person she loves, not just the present, but also his past and future.


 What happens when she finds out the truth?


 Moreover, she had a tribe behind her, she was the young missy of her tribe.


 Being loved by such a person, no matter how low-key Fang Yuan was, he would be at the center of attention.


 Remember that there were many young masters in Man tribe who were infatuated with Ge Yao’s beauty.


 If Fang Yuan returned with Ge Yao, he would definitely be heavily watched by the two tribes. Why did he have to attract so much hostility for this burden?


 Fang Yuan was not afraid of hostility, but his purpose in northern plains was not for a vacation. He had limited time, he was racing against time. Dang Hun mountain was nearing death, and Spring Autumn Cicada was recovering slowly, meanwhile his cultivation was only rank four peak stage.


 He had to strive towards success, he could not fail. Once he failed, he would fall into the abyss, he would have no hope left.


 On this road, he was destined to be lonely, there were only two outcomes. Either he succeeds, or he faces destruction!


 Thus, when the two got close to the outer border of poison grassland, Fang Yuan used an opportunity when there were few people and it was convenient to kill to end her life!


 After Ge Yao was killed, Fang Yuan ordered the wolves to devour her corpse. Her soul was obviously not spared, he used the burial soul toad to swallow it, it had already been sent to the blessed land and was crushed by Dang Hun mountain.


 The area near the fireplace had already been carefully inspected, there were no traces or evidence left.


 All in all, Ge Yao had been wiped off the face of this world. Her only remains, might probably be the faeces that the poison beard wolves excrete.


 Hehehe.


 This so-called beauty, in the end, she was just a pile of shit.


 Ashes to ashes, dust to dust.


 A beautiful young girl, in this heaven and earth, she was just like a flower. Either she gets trampled on at the roadside, or she wilters when her time is up, becoming an ugly fertilizer for the earth.


 "Without eternal life, even the most beautiful thing is but the reflection of the moon in the water. The value of their existence is mere for that second of elegance." The more experiences that Fang Yuan went through, the more he understood the cruelty of this world. Without immortality, even the most valuable of things will become worthless.


 "The so-called praised for a hundred years, or leaving a stench for ten thousand years, these are all superficial thinking of those cowards. The so-called immortality in spirit is merely a tool for descendants to make use of. Is it true that the existence of humans can only be affirmed through one another? So be it on Earth. But here in this world, if there is even a slight possibility, I want to pursue it!"


 "Even if I die on the road while pursuing my goals, even if I die a million times worse than Ge Yao, I have absolutely no regrets..."


 Fang Yuan was resolved for death from the start.


 But only if he placed all his effort, and contributed his all towards the pursuit of his dream, could he die without a hint of regret.


 Heh.


 Who could understand the heart of this transmigrator plus reincarnator Fang Yuan?


 The road he walked on was destined to be filled with endless darkness, he was destined to be lonely forever.


 The direction he walked was towards the light in his heart — immortality — a possibility so slim that it was almost impossible.


 In this world, nobody understood him.


 But he...


 Does not need anyone’s understanding.



***
Chapter 437: Wind Wolf King


***





 Chapter 437: Wind Wolf King


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The wolf group finished eating. Fang Yuan rode on the hump wolf’s back and resumed his journey.


 "These days, I have been moving according to the direction Ge Yao pointed. I am almost at the edge of poison grassland. If I move further, I will see human habitations."


 Hump wolf was a natural mount, its two humps formed a comfortable saddle.


 Fang Yuan sat between the two humps, inspecting his aperture while moving forward.


 There were only around ten Gu worms remaining in his aperture. Besides Spring Autumn Cicada and moving perspective cup Gu, they were all northern plains Gu worms.


 The Gu that were from southern border and central continent were already sent to Hu Immortal blessed land. Fang Yuan did not keep even a single primeval stone.


 Southern border primeval stones could be used in northern plains, but they had some differences with northern plains primeval stones. Ge Yao could not see it because she was too young and too naive. But generally, any Gu Master that had some experience and shrewdness could notice it.


 "Unfortunately, moving perspective cup Gu - a rank five Gu - has been suppressed to rank four in northern plains and can only contain rank four Gu. If I could send fixed immortal travel to the blessed land with it, it would be perfect. Sigh, I hope my method is effective."


 If some other Gu Immortal took fixed immortal travel Gu, it would be a heavy loss to Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan could do nothing else as he had already done everything possible.


 "Immortal Gu’s aura lasts for about a month. If there are no problems during this period, then fixed immortal travel Gu will be safe."


 "Soon, I will run into northern plains Gu Masters. I absolutely cannot be careless, it would be best if I can subdue a thousand wolf king during this period of time and raise the number of the wolves to over two thousand."


 Sometimes, humans were more terrifying than wild beasts. A wolf group of over two thousand wolves could intimidate most of the small characters.


 "Currently, I only have one rank three and one rank two wolf enslavement Gu, I must use them carefully. I will be moving using Chang Shan Yin’s identity in northern plains, wolf enslavement should be the main priority. But there is an obstacle, I do not have the recipes for rank three and rank four wolf enslavement Gu."


 Almost all the beast enslavement Gu were expendable Gu, and after they were used, whether it resulted in success or failure, they would disperse.


 Rank three wolf enslavement Gu could enslave thousand wolf king. Rank four wolf enslavement Gu could enslave myriad wolf king or mutated beasts.


 Without the recipe for these two Gu, Fang Yuan would not have many wolf enslavement Gu. Without these wolf enslavement Gu, Fang Yuan’s wolf group could at have a most a few thousand wolves, it was not enough to enter the limelight.


 With the hump wolf’s pace, the following journey was sped up by three times.


 Fang Yuan travelled day and night, the dark clouds hovering over his head also gradually thinned.


 Two days later, he finally reached the edge of poison grassland.


 In the sky, the dark clouds were dispersed here and there. Rays of sunlight passed through the gaps between the dark clouds and fell on the ground in the form of light pillars.


 Looking from afar, the green grassland flourished under the light; flowers having the colors of blue, purple or yellow eagerly blossomed.


 The low and gently sloping mounds were completely filled with greenery without any gaps.


 A small river flowed gently beside the mounds and sparkled like a silver necklace under the sunlight.


 "I am finally out." Fang Yuan felt moved. Riding on the hump wolf’s back and surrounded by poison beard wolves, he slowly walked towards the sunlight.


 The poison beard wolves were restless.


 They were adapted to hunting in dark surroundings, the sunlight would greatly affect their battle strength.


 Fang Yuan did not care, these poison beard wolf group were only temporary, they would be eliminated sooner or later.


 Fang Yuan gazed back, poison grassland behind him was still covered with dark clouds, dusky sunlight and gloomy cold wind. On the corrupted land, there were dark purplish poisonous grass, bent into all kinds of shapes.


 Compared to this side of the grassland which had sunlight shining over it, it showed a clear contrast, like they were two different worlds.


 "Hu Immortal blessed land’s eastern area is also covered in dense clouds. If they are not dealt with in time, that land would also develop towards the direction of poison grassland. Poison grassland... I will be back."


 Just as Fang Yuan was mumbling, his body suddenly relaxed.


 Since the time he entered northern plains, he felt uncomfortable, a formless restriction had covered his body.


 Right now, this restriction slightly loosened and Fang Yuan immediately felt he was much closer to this vast land.


 Subsequently, his aura rose and from rank three peak stage, it reached rank four initial stage.


 A joyous feeling rose up involuntarily, causing Fang Yuan to laugh heartily.


 With his body gradually adapting to northern plains, his cultivation also slowly recovered; this would be a great help to his following plans!


 "Northern plains, I’m coming!" Fang Yuan shouted. He squeezed the wolf’s belly with his legs, the hump wolf started running towards a distant location, leading the poison beard wolf group.


 ...


 "Kill!"


 Shouting resounded over a hill, dozens of Gu Masters were in an intense battle with over a thousand wind wolves.


 The battle had already continued for fifteen minutes.


 "This damned wind wolves!" The leader Ge Guang cursed with a malevolent expression, he waved the sabre in his hand, cutting off the head of a wind wolf.


 But after cutting off the head, his sabre broke into two. The two halves of the sabre were also already filled with holes.


 Howl!


 A wind wolf suddenly leapt and charged towards Ge Guang.


 "Young tribe leader, careful! Spiral water arrow!" A Gu Master behind Ge Guang anxiously shouted.


 Hearing this shout, from a tacit understanding that came from fighting all year round, Ge Guang did not think and suddenly bent his waist; it looked like he took the initiative to send himself to the wolf’s mouth.


 The wind wolf that was in mid-air opened its mouth and revealed its sharp fangs. Just as it seemed like it was going to bite off Ge Guang’s head, a blue water arrow shot out from behind Ge Guang with a strong rotational force.


 This spiral water arrow ruthlessly shot into the wind wolf’s mouth, sending it directly towards the afterlife.


 Taking this chance, Ge Guang squeezed the wolf’s belly, urging his hump wolf to retreat into the defensive range of his group.


 Sabre Gu!


 He put his palms together and squeezed out the final trace of primeval essence in his aperture, pouring it into the sabre imprint on his palm.


 Whoosh!


 A completely new sabre instantly formed; Ge Guang suddenly swung his right hand and tightly grasped it.


 "Die!" He growled with an iron-like hoarse voice.


 The new sabre was extremely sharp, cutting a cold light in the air and splitting a wind wolf into two.


 But this was only a small victory, it was truly difficult to have an active influence on the whole devastating situation.


 "Damn it, I don’t have enough primeval essence!"


 "There are at least over three thousand wolves, it’s too many!"


 "Young tribe leader, we are completely surrounded! There is no hope even if we fight to the death, it would be better to break through the east, the defensive line there is the weakest!"


 The surrounding Gu Masters shouted one after another.


 Ge Guang’s fierce eyes shone and after thinking for a moment, resolutely refused: "No, there are puddles in the eastern side. The defense there looks the weakest, but it is actually a trap prepared by the wind wolf king. If we go in, we will be sending ourselves into its trap!"


 "Then what should we do?"The surrounding people asked.


 Ge Yao gritted his teeth and firmed up his mind: "Turn around, we will break through the west."


 "But we have still not found lady Ge Yao. If we return like this, what will we say to lord tribe leader?"


 Ge Guang snorted: "Although Ge Yao is my sister, for her own selfishness, she ignore our tribe’s circumstance and fled the marriage. Sacrificing great men for a mere woman is not worth it! Spread the command, we will break through! Let those lowly slaves stay behind. It is time for them to offer their lives for their masters."


 "Understood!" The surrounding people immediately transmitted the order.


 Northern plains tribes would go on war campaigns all year round. Some defeated Gu Masters would become slaves. Slaves had very low status and when necessary, they would be treated as cannon fodders and abandoned.


 Soon, Gu Masters divided into two groups.


 A pair of slaves was to stay behind on the mound and use their lives to block the enemy. While the other group was led by Ge Guang to break through the west.


 "Kill kill kill!" Ge Guang charged through the frontlines riding on the hump wolf, wielding his saber roughly and bravely.


 "Protect young master!" The Gu Masters behind him were also tall and stoutly built men, they closely moved around Ge Guang on their hump wolves.


 Whoosh!


 Suddenly, a large three-leaf wind blade flew towards them.


 "Master!" A loyal Gu Master warned loudly and was the first to react.


 He did not have a trace of primeval essence left, he directly charged towards the front on his hump wolf and used his own body to obstruct the wind blade.


 Nothing surprising happened, he was cut into two by the wind blade, immediately losing his life.


 The wind blade was weakened to two-leaf but still moved towards Ge Guang.


 Ge Guang reacted, immediately lifting his sabre to block it.


 Bang!


 The wind and the sabre collided; the sabre shattered into pieces, Ge Guang spurted out a large mouthful of blood and fell from the hump wolf’s back.


 "Young tribe leader!" The Gu Masters behind him immediately came over to protect him, but with this, their break through failed. Endless wind wolves came over from both sides and firmly surrounded them again.


 The wind wolves quietly parted open a path; a young and vigorous wind wolf king slowly walked through the path and appeared before everyone.


 Thousand beast king!


 Its body was enormous like a warhorse. Brisk dark green fur covered its whole body and its eyes were like emeralds. Its alternating steps and unhurried pace unexpectedly gave an elegant and noble feeling to Ge Guang and the group.


 Right now, the slave Gu Masters that had stayed behind on the hill were already killed. Large amounts of wind wolves came over after killing them.


 The Gu Masters had already exhausted their primeval essence, the wind wolf king’s appearance caused them to feel restless.


 Someone pulled Ge Guang to retreat, but Ge Guang swung his arm and stood up with difficulty, he shouted: "What are you afraid of? I don’t have primeval essence, but I still have my hands, legs and teeth! Warriors, don’t let these beasts scorn you. We will use our blood to prove ourselves, we are the brave tribesmen of Ge tribe!"


 Everyone was agitated by his words, their morale immediately rose and a will to fight to death emerged in them.


 The wind wolf king was walking leisurely, when suddenly it turned its head to look at the eastern direction of the battlefield.


 A large group of dark purplish poison beard wolves were rapidly closing in!



***
Chapter 438: Benefactor Chang Shan Yin


***





 Chapter 438: Benefactor Chang Shan Yin


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The poison beard wolves did not make any stops, they charged towards the wind wolves.


 "It’s the poison beard wolves!" Very soon, Gu Masters discovered the poison beard wolf pack and looked up.


 "Strange, don’t the poison beard wolves only move around in poison grassland, why are they outside?" Some Gu Masters felt perplexed.


 "There’s probably a Gu Master controlling them!" Ge Guang clenched his fists, seeing the approaching poison beard wolves, his eyes which showed despair started to shine with the light of hope.


 "Young master is wise, look there, there’s a person!" A few breaths later, a Gu Master pointed to a faraway place.


 As everyone observed closely, Fang Yuan appeared before them while riding the hump wolf.


 "We’re saved!" Everyone cheered.


 "Not necessarily..." Ge Guang’s eyes squinted, he was very rational: "Less than a thousand poison beard wolves, we might not be safe, it’ll depend on his wolf enslavement skill."


 With this reminder, the Gu Masters started worrying.


 "This person should be an enslavement path Gu Master, but he does not have many poison beard wolves."


 "Not good, poison beard wolves are weaker under sunlight, they are slightly inferior to the wind wolves."


 "Oh no, this enslavement path Gu Master does not even have a thousand beast king, he only has a few hundred beast kings, how can he block the assault of the wind wolf king?!"


 Ge Guang suddenly said: "No matter, as long as this Gu Master can gather the poison beard wolves and charge all at once, he can break the encirclement and would be able to save us."


 This greatly reduced the people’s worry, but just as they felt hopeful, Fang Yuan willed, and the entire poison beard wolf pack spread out like pouring a basin of water.


 "This, this, this!" Many Gu Masters were tongue tied.


 "It’s over, he’s courting death!" Some closed their eyes.


 "Idiot, wasting such a chance." Some Gu Masters were stomping their foot in anger.


 They were extremely disappointed, they cursed and swore, some even started to hate Fang Yuan.


 Ge Guang’s expression paled, as long as there was a chance to live, who would want to die? Fang Yuan’s appearance gave them hope, but he also destroyed their hopes single-handedly!


 Wind wolf king howled, causing the entire wind wolf pack to attack.


 Just as the two packs were about to engage in battle, Fang Yuan let out a loud howl.


 He was human, but he emitted the cry of a wolf.


 This call was desolate, it was wild, it was like a fire that was being blown by the wind in the night sky.


 The wolf howl could be heard from eight hundred steps away, the poison beard wolves in this range turned frenzy upon hearing it, summoning twice their original battle strength!


 "Ah, this is the rank four wolf howl Gu, it can increase the battle strength of wolf packs temporarily, it is a precious Gu. This person is a rank four Gu Master!"


 Fang Yuan’s howl was shocking, it changed the expressions of the Gu Masters.


 Many pairs of despairing eyes gave off hope once again.


 Rank three and rank four were two different concepts.


 Rank three was elder, rank four was leader.


 Even Ge Guang was only rank three upper stage.


 After recognising Fang Yuan’s cultivation level, nobody scolded him anymore. Although northern plains Gu Masters were brave, they were not arrogant, they were filled with respect for experts, and were humble towards strength.


 The poison beard wolves were originally weaker than the wind wolves, but now their battle strength surged, and they quickly overwhelmed the wind wolves.


 After just a short battle, the wind wolves retreated, and a large number of wind wolf corpses were left on the battlefield. Over a dozen wind wolves were sacrificed for the life of one poison beard wolf.


 "What level of wolf enslavement skill is this!" Such a grand feat caused the Gu Masters to stare till their eyes fell out.


 "Unimaginable! This is the attainment of an enslavement master, who in the world is this person?" Many people looked at Fang Yuan like he was a monster.


 "I have never heard of such a hidden expert living in this area!" The gang was excited and shocked.


 Fang Yuan’s strength caused the wind wolf pack’s attention to be placed on the poison beard wolves. They only surrounded the Ge tribe Gu Masters without attacking. This allowed these people to have a moment of rest under such circumstances.


 "The wind wolf king is here!" Ge Guang said, as everyone became nervous again.


 Wind wolf king had higher intelligence, it howled and gathered the elites of its pack.


 Very soon, with wind wolf king as the arrowhead, these elites moved like an arrow, charging into the formation, straight into the center, and attacked Fang Yuan.


 Enslavement path Gu Masters were most afraid of ’beheading the leader’ tactic, this wind wolf king was a thousand beast king, as it led the group of elites in attacking, they were simply unstoppable. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan only had a few hundred beast king level poison beard wolf kings.


 But Fang Yuan was overjoyed instead of afraid, as he smiled lightly: "It could not resist it."


 Wind wolf king’s intelligence was higher than other wolves, but it was still a wild beast, it could not compare with humans. Against other wolf packs, Fang Yuan needed to charge himself, but when battling the wind wolf king, Fang Yuan could create this formation to attract the wind wolf king to charge towards him.


 Swoosh!


 Wind wolf king who was sprinting opened its mouth and shot out three large wind blades.


 The wind blades flew ahead and sliced through the wolf pack, creating a path as it targeted Fang Yuan.


 "Careful!" A Gu Master on the mound could not help but scream, as the others were extremely nervous.


 Fang Yuan did not move, he waited for the wind blades to get near him before manipulating the hump wolf to evade, easily and narrowly avoid them, as the green-blue wind blades passed right beside him.


 "Expert!" Fang Yuan’s calm and composed demeanor made the Gu Masters think of this word.


 Fang Yuan willed and several poison beard wolf kings were already prepared, charging forward and forming a formation, blocking the Wind wolf king.


 Wind wolf king’s speed was fast, and had strong attacks with sturdy defenses, it was stronger than any of the poison beard wolf kings. And yet, it could not break through this barrier.


 Fang Yuan’s precise control allowed him to overcome a stronger foe, restraining the wind wolf king as it could only howl angrily and helplessly.


 "Formidable! The great wind wolf king is being toyed by this man."


 "This person’s enslavement skill is on par with Jiang Bao Ya, Yang Po Ying, and Ma Zun. Northern plains has a new first-rate enslavement expert now!"


 "If his wolf pack is stronger by a few times, he could take on a small-mid tribe single-handedly!"


 "Who is this person? He looks rather old." Ge Guang was in a daze looking at Fang Yuan deal with the wind wolf king, feeling great admiration in his heart.


 Everyone shook their heads, guessing among themselves, this gave Fang Yuan an aura of mystery.


 "It is about time." Fang Yuan muttered.


 He had the entire battle in his grasp, seeing that the wind wolf king was about to escape, he knew that its battle intent was gone.


 "Rank three wolf enslavement Gu, go!"


 Fang Yuan willed, and his sole rank three wolf enslavement Gu flew out and turned into a light smoke, engulfing the Wind wolf king.


 Wind wolf king howled as it struggled, holding on as it did not submit to Fang Yuan’s authority.


 "Hmph." Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly, he had a hundred man soul, he was not afraid of such competition between souls.


 As expected, after a while, the wind wolf king could not resist anymore and submitted to Fang Yuan.


 "This person’s soul is extremely strong, he most likely has a hundred man soul!" Someone exclaimed.


 "With such skill in enslavement, it is not strange that he has a hundred man soul." Someone rebuked: "Like Jiang Bao Ya, Yang Po Ying, and Ma Zun, they all have thousand man souls!"


 After successfully planting the wolf enslavement Gu, Fang Yuan obtained his first thousand wolf king.


 Wind wolf king howled, and the wolf pack stood its movement, the noisy battlefield turned silent.


 The remaining thousand wind wolves obeyed the wind wolf king and joined Fang Yuan.


 This way, Fang Yuan’s wolf pack size doubled, reaching two thousand and four hundred wolves.


 "I was lucky this time, if not for these Gu Masters restraining the wolves, I would have had a pay a bigger price to subdue this wind wolf king." Fang Yuan rode on the hump wolf as he gradually moved towards the mound.


 Ge Guang and gang were holding their breaths, this person would decide their life and death.


 As Fang Yuan got closer, Ge Guang stood out from the crowd and placed his right hand at his chest, bowing deeply at Fang Yuan, shouting: "Esteemed expert, your strength brings me great admiration and reverence. Now, our lives are in your hands. To live or to die, we will listen to your command, we will not have any complaints."


 "Hehehe, young warrior, I saw your battle earlier. You are as brave as a stallion, it reminds me of myself in the past." Fang Yuan sat on the wolf’s back, laughing as he looked at the people warmly: "You are the first batch of humans I’ve seen since I left poison grassland. I am very happy to return to this land, rest assured I, Chang Shan Yin, am not a cruel and wicked person."


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s words, the Gu Masters laughed as they relaxed.


 They had little primeval essence left now, if Fang Yuan wanted to kill them, they had no way of retaliating.


 Sometimes, men were more dangerous than wolves. If they met a demonic Gu Master, their outcomes would be even more tragic. Right now, everyone felt glad, they thought that they had met a righteous expert.


 "Benefactor Chang Shan Yin, I am Ge tribe’s young tribe leader, you saved my life, allow me to repay this debt. Let me invite you to our tent as a guest, I will do my best to make your stay an enjoyable one." Ge Guang invited earnestly.


 Of course, gratitude was a part of the reason, but he was also looking at Fang Yuan’s strength. The chance of become familiar with an expert was not just good for him, it benefited the entire tribe as well.


 "Ge tribe?" Fang Yuan thought for a while: "Alright, I have already expended my primeval stones, and I also need to replenish my Gu worms, I do need to rest and reorganise."


 He subtly expressed his needs and requests, it was a hint to Ge Guang.


 Without disappointing him, this young clan leader’s eyes shone as he memorised these words to heart, laughing heartily: "Benefactor Chang Shan Yin, thank you for accepting, then let me lead the way."



***
Chapter 439: Ge Tribe Camp


***





 Chapter 439: Ge Tribe Camp


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan followed Ge Guang and the others towards the west direction.


 They had the hump wolf, the speed was not slow.


 Along the way, the group’s atmosphere was uplifting.


 On one hand, Fang Yuan was intentionally getting close to them, he had his motives. On the other hand, Ge Guang was doing his best to form a relationship with this expert, he had great respect for him in his heart.


 Northern plains natives were brave and fierce, but they were also forthright and candid.


 If you did not have strength, they would look down on you, they were hard to talk to. But if you had a strong and tough fist, they would respect you. And when your personality matched theirs, their enthusiasm would make you understand what was ’to regret meeting too late’.


 In just two days, Fang Yuan became very close to Ge Guang.


 Fang Yuan intended to use this stepping board called Ge tribe to fuse into northern plains. After all, Chang Shan Yin had vanished for twenty years, now that he returned, it was hard for people to accept that fact.


 At the same time, he had few primeval stones left, and he lacked a defensive Gu, he needed transactions to get them.


 On Chang Shan Yin’s corpse, Fang Yuan did not find any defensive Gu, most likely it was destroyed during the battle with Ha Tu Gu.


 And Ge Guang was also very grateful, respectful, and curious about Fang Yuan,


 Grateful because Fang Yuan saved his life.


 Respectful because Fang Yuan’s wolf enslavement skill was first-rate. With just a bit of guidance, Ge Guang’s bottleneck was easily broken, it was truly the demeanour of a first-rate senior, the disposition for an expert.


 Curiosity was because Fang Yuan spoke of the past, he often used a reminiscent tone and an old and wise gaze, he was obviously an expert with a deep story. Ge Guang had the desire to find out more, but he did not dare to ask excessively.


 Five days later, the gang returned to Ge tribe’s camp base.


 The campsite was huge, there was a thick sturdy wall at the outer border of the camp, it was around 6 meters tall, green in color as vines grew and intertwined on it. Large numbers of leaves covered bunches and bunches of grape-like fruits.


 These were obviously not fruits, but the wood path mind confusion Gu. When wild beasts attack, these grape-like fruits would explode and their juices would splatter on the beasts, causing them to go into confusion, and their bodies would shake as they lose their balance, unable to continue fighting.


 After the great wall, there were tall watchtowers. Three Gu Masters were stationed on top of each tower, one defensive and two investigative Gu Masters taking turns to keep watch.


 When the camp gates were opened, many Gu Masters came out to welcome them back.


 "Young tribe leader is back, young tribe leader is back."


 "Young tribe leader has only left for a few days, they’re back already?"


 "I heard they met with a wind wolf pack, and almost lost their lives, thankfully an enslavement path expert helped them out!"


 "That middle-aged man? These wolves are all following him, he is amazing! But I wonder he is expert from which tribe in northern plains."


 Before Fang Yuan and others reached the camp, they had already met with the investigative Gu masters patrolling the camp. Thus, the camp had already received their news before the gang even reached.


 As the information spread, many people pointed fingers at Fang Yuan, extremely curious.


 Some children were jumping and shouting, following behind the gang excitedly.


 Fang Yuan was seated on the back of hump wolf, looking at Ge Guang wave his hand towards the tribesmen. Every time he waved his hand, there would be a loud cheer from the crowd. It showed this young man’s important position in the tribe.


 From their conversations along the way, Fang Yuan had already understood Ge Guang completely. He was the brother of Ge Yao, a typical northern plains native, forthright and had a strong sense of brotherhood, he placed glory above his life. He had both wisdom and strength, and had the traditional northern plains mindset of patriarchy deeply ingrained in him. He was extremely angry and disgusted at his sister for escaping the wedding.


 But his negative emotions did not mean that their sibling relationship was cold.


 In fact, if he knew that Fang Yuan was the murderer of his sister, even without any primeval essence, he would use his teeth and limbs to try and exact revenge on Fang Yuan.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he had lived in northern plains, thus he had a deep understanding of their nature.


 Along the main path, the gang moved towards the center of the camp.


 All around them were tents, resembling the mongolian tents on Earth. These were the accomodation of mortals.


 Many people heard the commotion and lifted their window flaps, as their expressions changed when they saw the wolf pack behind Fang Yuan. Upon seeing the young tribe leader, they used their right hand to cover their chest as they paid respects to Ge Guang, shouting loudly to greet him.


 In southern border, mortals had to kneel down when they met Gu Masters. But in northern plains, the male warriors only kneeled to heaven, their ancestors, and family elders. Normally, they did not kneel even to the tribe leader or tribe elders.


 These mortals wore fur robes. Some females with better family background would have some accessories, while the males would have golden or purple threads on their shirts. Those who were poor would wear tattered clothes, with holes covered by additional cloth.


 But this was much better than slaves.


 Along the way, the people Fang Yuan saw who were kneeling were all slaves.


 These slaves wore barely any clothing, they were skinny and pale. In northern plains, these slaves had very lowly status, and lived a pitiful life.


 In the hearts of northern plains natives, keeping slaves was the same as rearing cows or sheep. Slave trade was the most flourishing business in northern plains.


 In northern plains, mortals lived in tents. The tents were scattered at the outer ring of the camp, while the inner area was the residential area for Gu Masters.


 If beast groups attacked the camp, the morals were the first to die.


 After Fang Yuan and the others passed the tent area, they reached the Gu Master domain.


 The Gu Masters on the grassland did not live in tents, but lived in Gu houses.


 Gu houses were houses made of Gu. Simple Gu houses were made using one Gu. Complex Gu houses were made from a combination of many Gu.


 In southern border, the large size caravans that travelled across mountains and forests had such Gu houses.


 Back then on Qing Mao mountain, Jia clan brought a Gu house that was made using a wood path Gu worm, three star cave.


 It was 18 meters tall, a truly tall tree. The roots were thick and strong, intertwining like coiling snakes, a small portion were exposed on the ground, while the rest were deeply buried underground.


 The tree trunk had three layers, and on the surface, there were windows. The defensive power was on another level compared to the ordinary tents.


 When used, the support Gu Master would plant the seeds, and inject their primeval essence for it to grow. When they wanted to keep it, the tree would turn back into a seed.


 But in northern plains, ordinary Gu houses were not large trees like three star cave. Such a tall tree would be an easy target for lightning when it rained heavily.


 Thus, the first Gu house that Fang Yuan saw was the most common house lizard Gu.


 This was a rank two Gu, its outer appearance was like a lizard with many colors. The most commonly seen colors were dark green, sky blue, and milky white. They were huge in size, like the buses on Earth, the lizard had two eyes that acted as windows. The two sides of their body also had windows.


 The lizard sprawled on the ground, opening its mouth to reveal a door.


 After opening the door and entering, one would see a long passage. On the left and right, there were two rows of rooms. At the end of the passage, it was the toilet, the temporary area to store body waste.


 When the tribe relocates, the lizard would get up and move with its four strong limbs.


 When there was too much waste in the toilet, these lizards would defecate, lifting their tails to expose their anus, excreting all of the waste they had.


 A family living inside a Gu house needed to have at least one Gu Master.


 Such living environments were a level higher than the tent area.


 At the door of the Gu house, there were often big stomach horses standing there, as their ropes would be tied to the lizard’s huge teeth. A small number of families even had hump wolves.


 Fang Yuan and gang moved past these lizard Gu houses and saw the mushroom forest Gu houses.


 These Gu houses were formed by planting large numbers of mush room Gu. Each house was a large mushroom, with a grey colored round top that can let rainwater flow away, they did not attract lightning from storms and were very stable when strong winds blew.


 The mushroom had a strong and circular stem, the interior was white walls with windows on it.


 A few mush room Gu formed together to create a unique living environment. With dozens of mush room Gu, the area turned into a small mushroom forest.


 Those who lived in the mushroom forest were tribe elders or affluent Gu Masters.


 Hearing the movement from Fang Yuan and gang, the windows of these mushroom houses opened, showing some women and children. Some lively children ran out to touch the wind wolves or poison beard wolves’ fur, they were more bold than mortal family’s children.


 "Benefactor Chang Shan Yin, ahead is the king tent of our Ge tribe." Ge Guang said.


 The gang came to the center of the campsite, and there were over a hundred mush room Gu here.


 An old man, with an amicable appearance, led a group of Gu Masters to welcome them.


 Fang Yuan guessed that he was the Ge tribe leader, and to express his politeness, he got off the hump wolf.


 Old tribe leader came before Fang Yuan, placed his right hand at his heart as he bowed deeply: "Esteemed expert, you saved my son, you saved the future of our Ge tribe. Please come in, we have already prepared high quality kumis 1 , and the beef and lamb are also grilling right now. I will arrange for people to feed your wolf pack."


 "Alright." Fang Yuan nodded, following Ge tribe leader into the this largest mushroom forest.


 In the mushroom forest, people sat in order of status in the largest mush room Gu.


 Fragrant kumis was placed in a leather water bag, presented before the people by young beautiful girls.


 Large numbers of delicacies were placed on the table.


 Soon, someone placed the grilled lamb and beef in the center of the room.


 Old Ge tribe leader worked personally, he got to the center of the room and used a dagger to cut out the eyes of the cow and sheep, and also their back and chest meat, before placing them on a golden plate and bringing them to Fang Yuan with both hands.


 "Benefactor, please." Old Ge tribe leader lifted his wine cup and stood before Fang Yuan as he toasted.


 Northern plains natives respected honorable men the most, and were extremely hospitable. In northern plains, if the host toasts a guest, and the guest drinks it all, then that is respect to the host. Similarly, if they did not drink it, that means they did not respect the host, or held disdain towards him.


 When Fang Yuan drank the entire bowl of kumis, the room cheered as the atmosphere became more lively.


 After Ge tribe leader toasted, Ge Guang followed, and Fang Yuan drank it all in one shot. Afterwards, the tribe elders started toasting him, and Fang Yuan drank them all, his grand attitude won the good feelings of everyone.


 After the toasting ended, the atmosphere in the room was absolutely heated.


 "Benefactor Chang Shan Yin, you name is very familiar, are you a member of Chang tribe? In Chang tribe, I have several friends, my second daughter is married to Chang tribe. We might even be relatives." Old Ge tribe leader placed his cup down as his slightly red face had bright shining eyes.


 "Ge tribe leader, I know what you want to ask. I am a tribesman from Chang tribe Yuan Feng faction, a Shan generation descendant who is the sole child in my family. My father is Chang Sheng Dun, and my mother is Chang Cui." Fang Yuan sighed, replying in a solemn expression.


 Old Ge tribe leader’s eyes were wide as he stared at Fang Yuan in shock: "You, you are really Warrior Chang Shan Yin?!"



***
Chapter 440: Ten Year Interval of Wind and Snow


***





 Chapter 440: Ten Year Interval of Wind and Snow


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Ge tribe leader had some doubts when he heard Chang Shan Yin’s name in his subordinate’s report.


 Now, when he received Fang Yuan’s confirmation, he was very moved.


 All the elders present there also cried out in shock.


 "Chang Shan Yin?" Ge Guang was sitting at the side and said with some doubts.


 "You are young, not knowing is normal." Ge tribe leader heaved a sigh and instructed, "Son, toast to Chang Shan Yin. He is not only your benefactor but more importantly, he is our northern plains’ hero!"


 "Old tribe leader." Fang Yuan gave a bitter smile and placed down his wine cup, "I am only a broken vagabond, not a hero. Maybe it was the blessing of longevity heaven, I was able to luckily escape from the edge of death. But I have slept for twenty years and when I woke up, everything seems to have changed. I am an unfilial child and have no face to return to my tribe..."


 Tears dripped down Fang Yuan’s eyes as he said this.


 The elders sighed.


 Ge tribe leader promptly consoled: "Benefactor Chang Shan Yin, what are you saying? If you are not our northern plains’ hero, who can it be? Ha Tu Gu’s group of bandits were so savage and who knows how many tribes were looted by them, the weaker ones were even wiped out and even the livestock were not spared."


 "By killing them, you have eliminated a huge threat in our northern plains. Your mother was injured by a villain, it was not because you were unfilial. On the contrary, your morals and righteous conduct were widely spread and known by all of us. Your return is the fortune for our northern plains’ righteous path."


 "Lord tribe leader is correct!"


 "So sir was actually Chang Shan Yin, it is really our honor for being able to see the hero."


 "That’s right, the return of hero Chang Shan Yin is a great fortunately event for our righteous path!"


 The elders praised repeatedly.


 Ge Guang’s eyes shone, he only knew now that Fang Yuan actually had such a great origin and so many tales. This intensified his respect towards Fang Yuan.


 "Let the past remain as the past. Everyone, our meeting is fate, let’s drink to it." Fang Yuan did not want to talk of these; he understood the past of Chang Shan Yin, but it was best if he avoided the topic.


 He showed a depressed and gloomy expression.


 Everyone observed his expression and did not mention the topic again, only speaking of joyous events.


 After confirming Chang Shan Yin’s identity, Fang Yuan received much passionate treatment.


 The banquet lasted all the way from afternoon to late at night. The elders were lying down after drinking too much, if not for Fang Yuan pretending to be drunk, he would not have been able to leave.


 Next day, Ge tribe leader invited Fang Yuan to banquet again.


 "Benefactor Chang Shan Yin, this is a small gift as thanks for saving my son’s life. Please take it!" Before the banquet started, the old tribe leader gave a million primeval stones to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was somewhat surprised as he had not thought he would get such a big gift.


 Ge tribe was only a small-mid scale tribe which was not in a good financial situation; it could be seen from the position of their camp and the clothings of the people.


 Currently, Fang Yuan was in poverty; these northern plains’ primeval stones could be used to resolve his current problems. He accepted the gift: "Ge tribe leader, I did not rescue Ge Guang for money. However, to be honest, I am currently out of primeval stones. I won’t be polite then. I will definitely repay Ge tribe’s kindness in the future."


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s final sentence, Ge tribe leader, Ge Guang and the group of elders all smiled.


 Being able to make friends and connect to such a heroic expert like Chang Shan Yin was the thing that a small-mid scale tribe like theirs would dream about.


 The banquet continued and the atmosphere was much more bustling than yesterday.


 Yesterday was only a first meeting, and today, both sides were familiar with each other. Fang Yuan raised his cup and proposed to all the elders; he remembered all their names clearly.


 This made all the elders feel overwhelmed, making them feel even more closer to Chang Shan Yin.


 During the banquet, some people were inevitably curious of Fang Yuan’s experiences.


 Fang Yuan had already prepared a good tale and told it to everyone. It was the same thing he told to deceive Ge Guang, but compared to deceiving a young girl, he spoke more carefully this time.


 He recounted his events and said his cultivation had fallen from rank four peak stage to initial stage due to injuries.


 His words had no flaws, causing everyone to gasp, sigh and feel even more respect towards him.


 And Fang Yuan just kept on sighing, not caring the slightest bit about his past accomplishments; his gaze showed the vicissitudes of time and his tone was melancholic.


 Ge tribesmen realized the legendary hero also had a painful side to him; seeing such a sincere person, they grieved and sympathized with him, feeling even more closer to Fang Yuan.


 On the third day, Ge tribe still continued the banquet with very high liveliness.


 This time, a strange elder appeared in the banquet. He was in charge of Ge tribe’s intelligence, and just as Fang Yuan had reached the camp, he had received an order to lead a group to search for Ge Yao.


 "Sigh, it is all my fault. I have a crafty girl, I have spoiled her too much, she actually fled her marriage!" Ge tribe leader sighed.


 "Right, big brother Chang Shan Yin, you returned from the poisonous grassland. Did you see my little sister on your way?" Ge Guang asked.


 Fang Yuan calmly replied with no hesitation, his expression extremely natural: "I am sorry, I only had wolves as my companion on my way. You guys were the first humans I saw, so I felt even closer to you."


 Ge Guang was also casually asking and did not have any expectations.


 Besides, the poisonous grassland was so huge, Fang Yuan not running into Ge Yao was also normal. If they met each other, it would instead be a rare thing.


 "This insensible little sister, I really don’t know where she fled to without leaving behind any message. Sigh... it has become troublesome, Man tribe leader’s third son Man Duo is the person who wants to marry her. Now, sister has fled the marriage, and because he failed to obtain her, Man Duo might take it out on Ge tribe."


 Ge Guang sighed with a frown on his face.


 The other elders also looked gloomy. Man tribe’s pressure on them had been increasing these days.


 None of them knew that Chang Shan Yin whom they had been enthusiastically entertaining for three days had already killed Ge Yao.


 "Trees die when moved, humans live when they move. Brothers of Ge tribe, why are you reluctant to leave this place? There is only just over a year left until the great blizzard. You can migrate to the north, participate in the heroes assembly and rely on Huang Jin tribe. With this, you can hide in Wang Ting blessed land when the great blizzard comes." Fang Yuan persuaded.


 The Gu Master world was a world of cruel environment and was not easy to survive in.


 In southern border, humans made fortified villages which could defend against the beast tides, but northern plains had no mountains and the tribes would have to suffer the baptism of wind and snow.


 Every ten years in northern plains, there would be a great blizzard that engulfs the entire northern plains.


 It would last for months, the sky would be gloomy and snow would drift everywhere. Cold winds would whip around like blades and white snow would cover up the world. The whole vast plains would freeze into a world of ice and snow.


 Every time the blizzard occurs, it would bring about a large number of deaths. Wolves, foxes, eagles, vegetations and humans; none could escape.


 Especially during the blizzard, large numbers of strong wild Gu worms would appear.


 Often, after the blizzard, the large scale tribes of northern plains would shrink down to mid-scale and mid-scale would shrink down to small scale due to the large numbers of casualties.


 Ge tribe leader heaved a long sigh: "Brothern Shan Yin, I am old and no longer have ambitions I had when I was young. If we seek refuge with Huang Jin clan, our Ge tribe will be dragged into the whirlpool of conflicts. It is good if we succeed, but the consequences for failure is too severe. Our Ge clan had been making progress with great difficulty, we won’t be able to endure the loss."


 "The struggle in the imperial court is not something small clans like ours can participate in. Actually, this environment is not bad, soil is fertile and there are abundant resources. There is even Hong Yan valley nearby where underground fire burns. During the blizzard, our tribe can move inside the valley and survive this disaster."


 However, Hong Yan valley was firmly controlled by the overlord of this place, Man tribe.


 Ge tribe would need to come in terms with Man tribe to enter Hong Yan valley.


 Man Duo’s marriage proposal to Ge Yao was an extremely good opportunity. For the whole tribe’s benefits, sacrificing a girl’s happiness for marriage was a very good deal to Ge tribe leader and Ge Guang.


 Sacrificing an individual benefits for the whole, this was the most common scene in an organization.


 However, Ge Yao fled the marriage with her whereabouts unknown. Man tribe has been pressuring them to hand over Ge Yao, but Ge tribe was not able to do that.


 Fang Yuan immediately realized the intention of Ge tribe leader from his words, they wanted to seek refuge with Man tribe.


 He understood this very well but felt some pity inwardly.


 Heroes assembly was his next target destination. If he could make Ge tribe migrate, he would be able to journey smoothly without having to face the many dangers along the way.


 After mentioning the blizzard and Man tribe, everyone’s mood turned grim.


 "Brother Shan Yin, are you really not going to return to Chang tribe?" Ge tribe leader asked.


 "Of course I can’t return. If I return, wouldn’t it be easy for my impersonation to be exposed?!" Fang Yuan thought in his mind while speaking, "Sigh, in my current circumstance, I am unable to face my elders and tribesmen."


 Ge tribe leader nodded his head, expressing his understanding and feeling some sympathy.


 Chang Shan Yin slept for twenty years and after waking up, everything had changed. His mother had died, his wife had been remarried to his brother. Chang tribe had become his sore spot, it was a normal thing for him to not able to face these for a while.


 In the previous banquet, Fang Yuan had mentioned he wanted to go to the heroes assembly and also recover his cultivation quickly.


 "Brother, if you really want to participate in the heroes assembly, just relying on your current wolf group, it would not be enough for your journey. It will be better for you to rest for a few days." The old clan leader proposed.


 Fang Yuan nodded and did not object: "I have the same idea. But this way, I will have to continue imposing on your tribe."


 "Of course not, it is our honor that you are a guest here!" The old tribe leader laughed heartily, expressing his willingness.


 Ge Guang also smiled: "A few days later, the surrounding few tribes will hold a market together. Uncle chang can come take a look."


 Like this, Fang Yuan stayed over at Ge tribe.


 Several days later, Ge tribe decamped and moved towards the southwest, converging with several other tribes.


 An enormous tribal market rapidly emerged.


 Fang Yuan rejected Ge Guang’s invitation and entered this hustling and bustling market alone.



***
Chapter 441: “Fortune Rivalling Heaven” Ma Hong Yun


***





 Chapter 441: “Fortune Rivalling Heaven” Ma Hong Yun


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Come, have a taste of this fragrant rice cake."


 "Selling tea, selling tea, this is top grade brick tea!"


 "Ah Su family’s kumis, we are a ten year old brand, anyone who drinks this will know."


 ...


 There was a huge mix of small stall on the ground as different smells entered the nose, shouting and bargaining noises were heard all over the place.


 Fang Yuan walked among them, almost at a shoulder touching distance with the surrounding people, the festive mood was so intense.


 Not only was food on sale, but clothing too.


 Ordinary sheep skin robe, dog skin robe, or the higher quality bull skin robe. There were beautiful fox snow robes, or the wolf skin robe that had metal pieces in them which were often worn by warriors.


 Children were having fun at the food stalls, while men were bargaining at the weapon stalls. Women were choosing gems, pearls, or gold and silver accessories.


 As he walked in, Fang Yuan saw a square that was assembled casually.


 On the square, there were large wooden cages filled with people.


 Outside the cage, there were specialized Gu Masters guarding the place, as a fat man was shouting at the top of his lungs: "Selling slave, five male slaves for half a primeval stone!"


 Fang Yuan took a look and knew that it was the flourishing slave trade in northern plains.


 These people were from tribes who lost in battles, after being captured alive, they lost their freedom and became commodity.


 Inside the cages, there were children who were thin and wore no clothes, there were also kneeling men who lowered their heads while locked by a steel chain. Of course, there were women too."


 The fat man shouted for a long time, his forehead was sweating but the passersby were only watching. His eyes rolled as he thought of an idea, opening the wooden cage and letting a woman whose face was full of dirt walk out.


 "Look, this is a top quality woman."


 As he shouted, he ripped off the torn clothes of the woman, exposing her breasts.


 "Look, what a plump breast she has!"


 Next, he turned the woman to the other side and slapped her butt in public.


 "Look again, such a huge butt, she can have many children. Buy her home to have kids, you can even use her for manual labor!"


 During the process, the woman’s expression was numb, she was like a wooden puppet that could be manipulated by anyone.


 As the fat man shouted earnestly, some commotion finally occurred in the crowd.


 Someone asked: "How much are you selling her for?"


 "Three taels of primeval stone. Just three taels of primeval stone." The fat man raised three fingers.


 Three taels of primeval stone, it was not even half a piece.


 But the person who asked for the price suddenly shouted: "What, three taels! Is this robbery, I might as well save up two more taels to buy a big stomach horse, that is much more worth it!"


 The fat man’s oily face trembled as he spit on the ground: "Rubbish! You can buy a woman and ride her in bed, but if you buy a big stomach horse, although you can ride it, can it make babies for you? Poor miser, get lost if you do not want to buy!"


 The fat man was a rank one Gu Master, and the person scolded was a mortal, he immediately shrunk his neck and walked away feebly.


 Fang Yuan gave a few glances of interest before retracting his gaze.


 The slaves that the fat man was selling were just mortals, they could not fetch a good price. But if he sold variant humans, they would be sold for a much higher price. If he sold Gu Masters, they would be high quality slaves, the price would be the highest.


 Seeing these slaves, Fang Yuan could not help but think of Ma Hong Yun.


 This person was born as a slave, but he had heaven defying luck.


 First as a slave, he participated in battle. When his tribe lost, he saved the young tribe leader by pure luck when escaping for his life. Because of this huge merit, he was given the surname Ma, and was no longer a slave.


 He became an ordinary mortal in Ma tribe. In order to earn a living, he went out to hunt, but because of his poor skills, he had no earnings. When he returned, he was tripped by a rock, he smashed this rock in anger, but discovered a white silver relic Gu under the rock. He contributed this rock to his tribe’s young tribe leader.


 The young tribe leader needed this white silver relic Gu and was overjoyed, not only did he reward Ma Hong Yun handsomely, he even gave him an opportunity to cultivate.


 Ma Hong Yun awakened his aperture and had B grade aptitude, but did not have any useful Gu worms. He was often bullied by nearby Gu Masters, and was thrown into the river once.


 Ma Hong Yun who could not swim drank a lot of water as he flowed downstream along the river.


 At the lower stream, Sheng tribe leader’s third daughter, Sheng Ling Er, was bathing. Ma Hong Yun saw everything and according to Sheng tribe’s rules, the beautiful Sheng tribe genius female Gu Master had no choice but to become his wife.


 Ma Hong Yun thus received a lot of help from Sheng Ling Er, he never lacked any Gu worms or primeval stones.


 In fact, Sheng Ling Er even stole her tribe’s precious Gu to raise his aptitude to A grade.


 When the matter was exposed, Sheng tribe leader did not want his daughter to marry this poor lad, thus he secretly sent an expert to kill Ma Hong Yun.


 But this expert had an argument with someone along the way and was killed by another expert.


 Ma Hong Yun and Sheng Ling Er thus became husband and wife, and held an important position in the tribe, he was hated by Sheng tribesmen due to jealousy, and they plotted against him secretly.


 He had no choice but to escape to poison grassland, and just as he was about to be killed by the poison beard wolves, he found Chang Shan Yin. After saving Chang Shan Yin, he became his loyal subject.


 Just like this, due to his ridiculously good luck on many occasions, Ma Hong Yun rose up slowly, eventually becoming the lord of the imperial court.


 After Hei Lou Lan died, he became the overlord of the imperial court for over a hundred years, over a dozen times.


 Later, he obtained Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s partial inheritance, and became a Gu Immortal. He was even given a blessed land by a Gu Master.


 When battle and conflicts raged in the world, Ma Hong Yun became one of the powerhouses of northern plains, resisting the grand army from central continent and gained overwhelming reputation.


 "At this time, Ma Hong Yun should be thirteen years old. It is a pity I do not know his true identity. Ma Hong Yun is only a name given to him after he saved Ma tribe’s young tribe leader. Ma tribe is part of the Huang Jin bloodline left behind by Giant Sun, to vie for the imperial court, they had been expanding these few years, absorbing the members of many tribes. I wonder if Ma Hong Yun has already become Ma tribe’s slave."


 Fang Yuan collected his thoughts, and found himself outside a gambling den.


 There were two couplets on the door.


 Left was: Show some courage, gain the fortune of the four seasons.


 Right was: Show some skill, obtain the wealth of the four cardinal directions.


 Across, it wrote: Luck changes with time.


 The gambling den had great business, Fang Yuan was moved.


 "With my experience, I might be able to earn a small fortune." With this thought, Fang Yuan smiled, thinking of Ma Hong Yun.


 This lad with overwhelming luck, he was deceived by someone who gave him the lowest grade rock to gamble with him.


 Under such absurd circumstances, he obtained a rank five Gu!


 Fang Yuan still had some business at the moment, he did not enter the gambling den yet.


 He walked past the entrance of the gambling den, and entered the central area of this market.


 This place was much quieter, there was less traffic flow and almost all passersby were Gu Masters. Even if there were mortals, they were attendants and followed beside the Gu Master, lowering their heads as they carried goods. Other than that, there were some young masters and young ladies who had not awakened their aperture.


 Although there were no guards, there was a clear distinction between the two areas for mortals and Gu Masters.


 The difference in strength was a formless barrier, it divided the two types of people with evidently different lives.


 Fang Yuan walked briskly, wherever he went, Gu Masters gave him a look of admiration and respect, when they were in front of him, they would stop and give way to him.


 Some people started talking among themselves: "Why is there a rank four expert?"


 "This person has an unfamiliar face, he does not seem to be from the few large tribes around here."


 "Be careful, whenever the market opens, there will be some demonic Gu Masters who come in to get rid of their loot."


 Rank three and four were completely different.


 Rank three were the middle pillar, most tribe elders of major tribes were at this level. Rank four were experts among Gu Masters, most tribe leaders were rank four, and they could roam the mortal realm freely without restraint.


 Rank four initial stage aura made every action of his attract the attention of everyone.


 Reverence, curiosity, or apprehension.


 This place was solely for the business of Gu Masters.


 There was a Gu refinement area, where Gu refinement were done in place of a Gu Master, at the same time they sold and bought recipes.


 Fang Yuan lacked the recipe of the wolf enslavement Gu, after a few transactions, he bought the recipe for the rank one to three wolf enslavement Gu.


 The recipe for rank four was held in the hands of the few large tribes, it was rarely seen in the market.


 Thereafter, Fang Yuan went to the restaurant, but did not manage to find any top quality wine.


 He went to the largest shop next.


 "Esteemed expert, your presence is our shop’s honor. Please come in." The shopkeeper was a rank three elderly Gu Master, he came out personally to attend to Fang Yuan.


 "I need large numbers of wolf enslavement Gu." Fang Yuan stated his needs immediately.


 "Yes, please come with me for further discussion." The elderly brought Fang Yuan to a beautiful room on the third floor.


 After some bargaining, Fang Yuan bought five rank three wolf slavement Gu and thirty-eight rank two wolf enslavement Gu.


 The shopkeeper was rubbing his palms in joy, he knew he had met a huge client: "Esteemed customer, is there anything you still need, feel free to state them."


 "Do you have defensive Gu?" Fang Yuan asked.


 The elderly reported a long list of Gu names, and Fang Yuan shook his head as he listened. There was one rank four Gu but it did not fit his enslavement path. The rest were all ordinary Gu worms.


 Next, Fang Yuan asked about flying Gu.


 Flying Gu were rarely seen, because it had a steep learning curve. Normally, only outstanding members of large tribes would train in it from young. But because they had their tribe’s resources, they did not need to buy flying Gu.


 As for other Gu Masters, very few tried to learn flying.


 The shopkeeper said proudly: "Customer, you came to the right place. In this entire market, only my shop has a rank four flying cloud Gu!"


 But Fang Yuan shook his head.


 Although flying cloud Gu could ascend to a high altitude, it had poor maneuverability and had average speed, it was suitable for Gu Masters who did not have proper flying skills.


 For him, he might as well use the rank three eagle wings Gu, it could twist and turn easily in the sky, he could use it more efficiently.


 After buying one eagle wings Gu, Fang Yuan asked about the bone bamboo Gu and ghost fire Gu.


 He needed these two Gu to repair the rank five battle bone wheel.


 The shop had many rank two ghost fire Gu, but there was none of the rank one bone bamboo Gu.


 The shopkeeper laughed bitterly: "Customer, my apologies. All the bone bamboo Gu in the market had been bought by Man tribe’s new external tribe elder. Not just my shop, but none of the other shops have any left."


 "Oh? Who is this person?" Fang Yuan’s gaze shone.



***
Chapter 442: Jun Strength Gu


***





 Chapter 442: Jun Strength Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Man tribe owned Hong Yan valley, they had won a few battles these years and had expanded greatly.


 Northern plains was different from southern border.


 Southern borders had a forest and mountain terrain, it was easy to defend but hard to attack, long distance travelling causes huge expenditure. Southern border clans worked on self development, accumulating slowly and growing stably, keeping a pure bloodline.


 But northern plains was a huge grassland, there were lots of conquests going on. The tribes of northern plains rise up fast but also fall just as quickly. A few wins might allow a small size tribe to become a medium size tribe, and from a medium size tribe, expand into a large size tribe. But one loss could also cause this large size tribe to break down into numerous small size tribes.


 Man tribe had absorbed Shi tribe recently, and the elder Shi Wu from Shi tribe became Man tribe’s external elder.


 He was a bone path Gu Master, he was the one who bought all the bone bamboo Gu in the market, as he claimed to be researching a new Gu path recipe.


 Fang Yuan memorised this person to heart, before asking the shopkeeper about soul path and strength path Gu worms.


 "I have a rank one jin strength Gu, it can raise the strength of a Gu Master by one jin 1 . Each Gu is sold for two hundred and twenty primeval stones."


 "I have the rank two strength of ten jin Gu, it raises the Gu Master’s strength by ten jin, it is sold for six hundred and ninety primeval stones."


 "I also have the rank three jun strength Gu, one jun is thirty jin, each Gu is sold for four thousand five hundred and fifty primeval stones."


 "Although I do not have the rank four strength of ten jun Gu, if customer needs it, i can arrange for it to be transported over, each strength of ten jun Gu is sold for thirty-six thousand primeval stones."


 The shopkeeper gave a chain of prices that he was extremely familiar with.


 At the end, he added: "Of course, this is only the jin strength Gu and jun strength Gu. If customer wants to walk on the strength path, and require beast strength Gu, we also have wolf strength Gu. It can give you the strength of a wolf, gaining stamina and endurance as well. I also have horse strength Gu, it can give you the strength of a horse, it is most useful for running."


 Before, Fang Yuan was using beast strength Gu to walk on the ancient strength path. Jin strength Gu and jun strength Gu were new popular alternatives that appeared in the last few hundred years.


 Although strength path was weak and no longer had its former glory, there was still developments done for it.


 The one who had this contribution was a famous rank seven Gu Immortal in northern plains called Chu Du, titled ’Domination Immortal’. He was the one who invented the jin strength Gu and jun strength Gu, and even refined the rank six Immortal Gu ’Strength of a Thousand Jun’.


 A jun was thirty jin.


 A thousand jun was thirty thousand jin.


 In one of Earth’s legends, the Victorious Fighting Buddha’s Jingu Bang was only thirteen thousand five hundred jin. Er Lang Shen’s ’Three-pointed, Double-edged Lance’ was only twenty five thousand two hundred jin.


 Hu Du became a Gu Immortal three hundred years ago, the recipe he refined was widely spread, quickly becoming the main branch of the strength path in northern plains.


 Ancient strength path used beast strength Gu, like green bull strength Gu, Biao strength Gu, dragon strength Gu and so on, Because the materials from the ancient times were already extremely rare by now, the cost of refining Gu was huge.


 Domination Immortal Chu Du’s recipe was superior in that the materials were easy to find and had low cost, and the success rate of the Gu refinement was higher than beast strength Gu.


 Northern plains was most probably the region where strength path was most flourishing at the moment. Northern plains had battles and conquests often, with strength path’s low cost, they gave evident increase in strength to low rank Gu Masters.


 Thus, many Gu Masters in northern plains cultivated strength path as their minor path.


 They often fought in fierce battles, when they expend their primeval essence, they would need their physical bodies to fight. Physical strength was very important then.


 There is a phrase on Earth: war is the catalyst for technological advancement. This sentence worked perfectly well in this world as well. Northern plains was a place where new Gu worms were constantly invented.


 From that Shi Wu elder who joined Man tribe, one could see the attitude that northern plains Gu Masters had towards innovation.


 Domination Immortal later died in battle, by the hands of Feng Jiu Ge who descended from the heavenly court. After he died, he was crowned as the ’Twilight of Strength Path’ by future generations, after his death was announced, countless Gu Masters in northern plains cried painfully.


 "Sigh... the number of talents and geniuses in this world is like the number of stars in the night sky, the number of talented people are like carps in the river. The five regions are too big, the size of one Earth cannot compare to even one region. Especially in the battle five hundred years later, dragons and snakes rise from the land, experts and powerhouses compete, and old monsters come out of seclusion one after another, as new talents rise up to power. Countless heroes, conquerors, the differing personalities from the righteous and demonic paths clash and engage in a life-and-death battle. It is truly a grand and exciting event that would go down in history."


 "I have already used old removal Gu secretly to remove ancient bronze skin, essence iron bones, and golden steel tendons, and even my beast phantoms. Firstly, these strength path beast phantoms originate from southern border, they would be restricted in northern plains, and could not be used well. Secondly, if I summon a beast phantom, there is a danger of exposing my identity."


 "My greatest advantage now is Dang Hun mountain, and my five hundred years of experience, with the blessed land’s resources, I can walk on the enslavement path. But enslavement path has a weakness, that is the ’beheading the leader’ tactic, thus I need strength path to go along with it. Since I have Chang Shan Yin’s appearance now, I also need to merge into northern plains, I should use this jun strength Gu."


 Fang Yuan’s thought flickered as he made a decision, requesting for the rank four strength of ten jun Gu from the shopkeeper.


 Next, he looked at the soul path Gu worms.


 There were much more soul path Gu worms than strength path.


 There were ghost fire Gu, ghost cry Gu, ghost face Gu, ghost axe Gu and so on for attacking. There were ghost cage Gu, ghost hand Gu, ghost hitting wall for confinement and confusion.


 For defense, there were ghost sealing shirt Gu, soul shield Gu and others. For healing, there were ghost qi Gu, ghost tears Gu and others. For investigation, there was ghost eye Gu. For movement, there were soul fly Gu, and elusive ghost Gu.


 There were also ghost soldier Gu, impermanence ghost, air travel ghost, and nine son mother ghost Gu, all of them had to do with enslavement path.


 This was the true manner of a great path.


 Strength path was extremely weak now, while soul path was still standing strong, this point could be easily seen here.


 Strength path Gu worms only consisted of jin strength Gu, jun strength Gu, and beast strength Gu, most were for attacking. In terms of defense, investigation, and assistance, there were little. It was hard to create a Gu set from just strength path Gu.


 As for soul path, there were many Gu worms that were in all the different aspects. Forming into a set, they could help each other and obtain greater effects.


 Look at that Domination Immortal Chu Du, he was a strength path Gu immortal, but he used other Gu worms for defense, investigation, and storage etc.


 Fang Yuan came with an objective, he set aside all these soul path Gu worms, only looking at those which could be used to refine the soul.


 There were no rank four Gu for that, but a bunch of rank three.


 There was divine soul Gu, dragon soul Gu, ice soul Gu, dream soul Gu, moon soul Gu, general soul Gu, grudge soul Gu, poem soul Gu, horse soul Gu, heroic soul Gu, qi spirit Gu, body spirit Gu, cloud spirit Gu, wind spirit Gu, tiger spirit Gu, and others.


 These Gu worms could refine the soul, they all had their unique use.


 For example, refining the soul into ice soul, in the future when the Gu Master uses ice type Gu worms, they would gain a considerate boost. Cloud spirit, wind spirit, had the same effects.


 If one used dragon soul Gu to refine a dragon soul, when he uses dragon strength Gu, dragon scales Gu, or dragon travel Gu, there would be a boost to the effect.


 Fang Yuan looked for a while, and did not find any Gu that was more suitable for him, thus he chose the wolf soul Gu that he had planned to buy.


 From ancient times, soul and enslavement were of the same origins.


 Enslavement path was originally split from the soul path, when Gu Masters combined it with the immemorial wisdom path, the enslavement path finally became an independent path.


 Beast enslavement Gu, slavery Gu, they were used to control the soul, allowing one to become a ruler of the mind.


 If Fang Yuan refined the wolf soul, it would greatly help him in enslaving wolf packs.


 The rank three wolf soul Gu was seven thousand and seven hundred primeval stones. Fang Yuan bought them in bulk, buying all of the stock in the shop, getting all eight wolf soul Gu.


 Wolf soul Gu’s effort could be stacked, a rank three wolf soul Gu was not enough to refine Fang Yuan’s hundred man soul.


 Wild Gu worms had their own will, they were hard to refine. But the Gu worms Fang Yuan bought had already been refined by others, thus when the transaction ended, all these Gu were in Fang Yuan’s control.


 He kept all these Gu inside his aperture, and left the shop, going to other shops.


 His aim was rank two and three wolf enslavement Gu, as well as rank three wolf soul Gu.


 A million primeval stones was insufficient, but what Fang Yuan wanted were common rank two and three Gu.


 He did want to buy rank four Gu.


 But this market was too small, there were few rank four Gu, and were all not the ones he wanted.


 After three days, Fang Yuan became famous in the market. Every shop knew that there was a rank four expert buying Gu in bulk.


 By the fifth day, Fang Yuan spent a lot already, over five to six hundred thousand primeval stones.


 During this period, he would walk around the market’s ranch often.


 In the ranch, there were many livestock sold, of which big stomach horses were most popular. This horse, even mortals needed it badly. As for those who bought the hump wolves for battle, they were mostly Gu Masters.


 There were also many Gu Masters who caught wild beasts to sell here. Like bulls, horses, falcons etc. On the grassland, the most commonly seen were wolves, they were also sold in large numbers.


 Fang Yuan asked around, comparing goods and prices, until he saw a pack of thick back wolves that he wanted.


 Fang Yuan had poison beard wolves and wind wolves. It was hard to replenish poison beard wolves, and since they were weak in the sunlight, they were destined to be eliminated. Wind wolves had fast speed, while thick back wolves had high defense. If they could be added into his wolf army, they would cooperate well together, and form a proper wolf pack.


 But on the ninth day, Fang Yuan accidentally found out that among a group of water wolves, there was a young mutated beast.


 He immediately bought these water wolves without causing suspicion, getting a great deal for himself.


 The market lasted thirteen days.


 Fang Yuan bought over a thousand water wolves, and many Gu refinement materials, as well as food to feed his Gu worms, as he left on the tenth day.


 After his purchases, he had only three thousand primeval stones left on him.


 Money was spent like flowing water, Ge Guang watched in amazement as he admired ’Chang Shan Yin’ secretly, this hero truly had a grand disposition.


 Fang Yuan followed Ge tribe and returned to his original place to stay.


 He cultivated with all his heart, using wolf soul Gu to refine his soul while refining Gu on the other hand.


 After two failures, he successfully refined the rank three golden back wolf skin Gu into the rank four azure wolf skin Gu.


 Azure wolf skin Gu was used for defense, although it was common, it fixed Fang Yuan’s problem of insufficient defense.


 On this day, he finished his soul refinement and stopped cultivating, when a cry was heard outside his room.


 "What happened?" He opened the door and asked the Gu Master who was guarding the place.


 The Gu Master said grimly: "Our big missy Ge Yao died. The search team found her torn clothes in poison grassland, she was killed by poison beard wolves!"



***
Chapter 443: Man Tribe’s Challenge


***





 Chapter 443: Man Tribe’s Challenge


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 A month later, Ge Yao’s death was finally discovered.


 The news spread as many Ge tribesmen cried. Although Ge Yao had a troublesome personality, she was kind-hearted and the beauty of the tribe, people loved her. She had many pursuers in Ge tribe.


 "Oh my daughter, it was father who harmed you..." Old Ge tribe leader was extremely upset, falling terribly ill.


 Ge Guang was the stand-in tribe leader with the elders assisting him. Ge tribe was anguished and upset, they had a heavy mood.


 Ge Yao’s death had huge impacts. Man tribe leader’s third son Man Duo fell in love with Ge Yao at first sight, he had been demanding for her, now that she was dead, where were they going to find a girl for him?


 Man tribe was a large tribe, they had expanded greatly these years, and had absorbed many small tribes in the process. After a few victories, their morale was high, and they were even more arrogant against the despondent Ge tribe. During their conversations, they gave Ge Guang great pressure as they demanded fiercely.


 Ge tribe was a newly arrived tribe, they were not as huge as Man tribe, and now that they had lost their home, they had to live in someone else’s territory, relying on Hong Yan valley during the snowy climate. Thus, Ge Guang was very passive now, he was extremely anxious.


 ...


 In his room, Fang Yuan sat on his bed as he opened his eyes.


 On his right palm was a wolf soul Gu.


 This Gu was about thumb-size, it was like a grey wolf-shaped doll, giving off an eerie blue light.


 "This is the ninth wolf soul Gu." Fang Yuan injected his primeval essence and the wolf soul Gu expanded, in a few breaths’ time, it turned into a grey-white wolf soul.


 The wolf soul opened its mouth, howling silently as it crashed into Fang Yuan’s body.


 This impact was silent, but Fang Yuan could feel his soul trembling, as his eyes went into a daze.


 The wolf soul directly crashed into his soul, the originally human-shaped hundred man soul underwent some reaction, and lost its human form, fusing with the wolf soul into a surging soul mist.


 The soul mist did not disperse, instead it moved and rolled around in Fang Yuan’s body, showing a wolf’s head, tail, or even Fang Yuan’s appearance at times.


 After five minutes, the soul mist gathered and formed a new human soul.


 Except this human soul was different.


 Fang Yuan’s hundred man soul earlier was completely his own appearance, his eyes, ears and nose were all the same. But after going through nine wolf soul Gu’s refinement, although the hundred man soul was still human-shaped, there was a pair of wolf ears on his head, and his hair extended to his waist, his eyes also became wolf eyes, his entire body was thinner and his nose was sharper.


 Before, his hundred man soul was huge and was almost bursting his actual body. But now, after refinement, it was more condensed and the color had turned from pale-white to a slight hint of grey-white.


 Fang Yuan calculated, when he finishes using his wolf soul Gu, the hundred man soul would be refined to its limits.


 By then, his entire soul would become half-man half-wolf, the so-called wolfman soul.


 Wolfman soul is many times stronger than an ordinary hundred man soul.


 After having the wolfman soul, Fang Yuan would be able to continue strengthening his soul, raising the hundred man soul to thousand or even ten thousand man soul.


 Of course, ten thousand man soul was not the limit, there was even hundred million man soul.


 "In theory, the soul can strengthen limitlessly. Back then, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable who created the soul path definitely surpassed hundred million man soul! His Demon Venerable Soul had a thousand arms and palms, three heads, the front head had dragon horns, lion mane, snake eyes, and elephant tusks. The left head had a peach forehead, grass hair, and three flower-like eyes. The right head had a cloud fringe, lightning eyes, fire ears, and golden mouth. He was unbelievable strong, his might was immeasurable. Even now, this appearance was still deeply worshipped and adored by many people. Many mortals in southern border use clay to create his statue, to pray to and give offerings."


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the number one soul cultivator in history. Fang Yuan’s wolfman soul now was like a ant against a giant, he still needed to grow stronger.


 After a little rest, Fang Yuan took out the strength of ten jun Gu.


 This Gu was an iron weight, it was very heavy to carry.


 Fang Yuan bought five strength of ten jun Gu, he was already using the third now, his body’s physical strength had increased to twenty jun, that is, six hundred jin.


 The rank four strength of ten jun Gu was weaker than rank four beast strength Gu, but its advantage was that the strength could be stacked.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had used a kunlun bull strength Gu, and obtained the beast phantom of the kunlun bull. But if he used a second kunlun bull strength Gu, there would be no effects, and he would not get another beast phantom either.


 But jun strength Gu did not have this restriction, it could be stacked until the body’s limit was reached.


 Of course, although Fang Yuan had the strength of six hundred jin, he could not unleash them all at once normally.


 The common weaknesses of strength path, jun strength Gu still had them. Otherwise, Domination Immortal Chu Du would not be called the ’twilight of strength path’, but the ’rise of strength path’.


 Of course, similar beast strength Gu could be stacked, but an additional beast fetus Gu was needed to do so.


 Many different recipes of beast fetus Gu were passed down. But even so, the materials needed for the Gu refinement were very rare, as the cost of the Gu refinement was too high, and the success rate was inferior to jun strength Gu, it eventually got eliminated in the competition.


 Fang Yuan activated his primeval essence, injecting them into jun strength Gu. The jun strength Gu flew above his head, giving off a strange light. The light shone on Fang Yuan as his body was steadily modified.


 But at this time, there were knocks on his door.


 Soon after, a voice was heard: "Uncle Chang Shan Yin, junior Ge Guang would like to meet you."


 Fang Yuan let him in, only to see that Ge Guang was in a pathetic state, there was even a white bone arrow on his shoulder, he was in a terrible condition.


 Upon seeing Fang Yuan, Ge Guang kneeled on the ground, his eyes were red, begging: "Uncle, please save me."


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, he had an answer in his heart, as he spoke: "What happened? Is Man tribe attacking us at full force, have they charged into Ge tribe’s camp already?"


 Ge Guang answered: "Uncle is half right, the problem is Man tribe. The Man tribe leader’s third son Man Duo heard that father was bedridden and unconscious, thus he immediately brought his Man tribe experts over to challenge us, wanting us to hand over my sister Ge Yao. But my sister is already dead, how can I hand her over to him? No matter how I explained, that Man Duo lad did not believe me. According to the rules of the grassland, we Ge tribe have to accept the challenge. Now, he had already killed our tribe’s third elder, and even injured three people, even I lost to them."


 Fang Yuan’s guess was completely right, these few days, Man tribe had been oppressive and tyrannical, the more Ge tribe endured, the more it fuelled Man tribe’s arrogance.


 Although Fang Yuan had been cultivating hard these days, he was not in closed cultivation, he was clear of the outside situation.


 "Speaking of which, Chang Shan Yin’s return to northern plains requires a grand stage to create some commotion. I should use this chance to announce the return of the former hero."


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan helped Ge Yao up and said: "During these days, I have been imposing on Ge tribe, I cannot watch from the sidelines, bring me there."


 "Uncle, I thank you on behalf of our entire tribe!" Ge Guang was overjoyed.


 The two walked out, but before they got to the entrance, they heard the shouts and screams outside.


 "Ge tribe is full of cowardly rats, come out and accept your death!" This was the voice of a young man.


 "Man Duo, you are going too far!" A Ge tribe elder screamed.


 "Hehehe, so what if I am bullying you. Leopards and wolves capture their prey, eagles and falcons bully small birds, this is the rule of the world! Quickly hand over Ge Yao, otherwise I will continue challenging you and kill every single member of Ge tribe."


 "Despicable! If old tribe leader was here, would you dare?" Ge tribe elder rebuked.


 Man Duo was furious: "Hmph, you are the despicable ones, you agreed to the wedding but now you refuse to hand over the woman. You went back on your words! I know, you are hiding Ge Yao, trying to stall for time. First, you said she ran away, now you said she’s dead. Do you think I am a fool? If a mere rabbit dares to toy with a wolf, you will have to pay with your life. Shi Wu, continue beating them, challenge them. Ge tribe, quickly send your next victim here to fight. Hahaha!"


 Ge tribe elders’ expressions were pale, they looked at each other but none dared to go up.


 Shi Wu was huge and bald, with his bulging muscles, he walked onto the stage with a cruel smile.


 He was rank three peak stage, having great strength. The elder that Ge tribe sacrificed was beaten to death on the spot.


 He walked on the center of the stage, staring at Ge tribe’s camp: "Why is no one here? Don’t tell me you are afraid!"


 Ge tribe was furious and ashamed, fire burnt in their eyes as they stared at Shi Wu.


 "Cowardly chicken, let me give you some courage. I have a hundred thousand primeval stones here, if anyone dares to come here and defeat me, I will hand the primeval stones over to you."


 No one answered him.


 Shi Wu laughed in a frenzy: "Ge tribe, Ge tribe, you are but a bunch of rabbits and sheep!"


 "Have you laughed enough?" With Ge Guang leading the way, Fang Yuan walked out of the crowd with a plain expression.


 Shi Wu’s laughter stopped, his pupils shrunk as he looked at Fang Yuan in shock.


 "Rank four Gu Master! Who is this person?" Not just Shi Wu, but all of the Man tribesmen here had this huge question.


 "Was Man tribe concealing another rank four Gu Master?" Man Duo felt something amiss.


 He came here to find trouble because old Ge tribe leader was bedridden. But to think that Ge tribe had a second rank four battle strength expert!


 "Before I came, I had already checked clearly, where is this expert from?"


 Carrying such suspicions, Man Duo jumped down from his horse, changing his attitude as he placed his right hand at his chest, greeting Fang Yuan: "Hello friend, you are not from Ge tribe, why must you interfere in our matters?"


 Fang Yuan gave this Man Duo a glance, feeling amused by this young man.


 The first time he had heard of this Man Duo was from Ge Yao’s descriptions.


 Although this Man Duo was the third son of Man tribe leader, he was weak and sickly since young, and had poor aptitude, only C grade. Although he was over twenty years old now, he only had rank two cultivation. He was dark and skinny like a monkey.


 But he was definitely not as feeble as Ge Yao described, he had a scheming and devious pair of eyes, with the flames of ambition burning within them.



***
Chapter 444: Man Tribe’s Invitation


***





 Chapter 444: Man Tribe’s Invitation


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In northern plains where only experts were respected, where only strength mattered, Man Duo was able to gain his father’s favor, and was able to mobilize tribe elders to challenge Ge tribe. It showed his ability and courage, he was definitely not a good-for-nothing young master.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes showed amusement: "I, Chang Shan Yin, was fated to be Ge tribe’s guest, I know northern plains rules and it is true that I should not interfere in others’ business. But I had just heard this little brother taking out a hundred thousand primeval stones. I am lacking primeval stones recently, why would I reject money offered to me?"


 Shi Wu heard this and wished he could slap his own mouth.


 "My mouth was really itchy, to think I attracted a rank four expert." His heart was sour and bitter.


 Man Duo laughed dryly: "This is an easy matter, if senior lacks primeval stones, this junior is willing to offer five hundred thousand primeval stones to you!"


 What he meant was, he wanted Fang Yuan to keep out of this.


 At once, Ge tribesmen looked nervously at Fang Yuan.


 Although Fang Yuan was the legendary hero, it was only his reputation, those who truly acted like a hero were rare.


 Moreover, there was a phrase: a wise man submits to circumstances . Ge tribe was in a slump now, while Man tribe was huge and powerful. Chang Shan Yin was only an outsider, he had no reason to help and bring trouble to himself.


 Thus, Fang Yuan became the center of attention, his attitude decided how this situation would progress.


 As everyone watched nervously, Fang Yuan laughed proudly: " A gentleman only takes wealth that he deserves. I do not feel that I deserve a gift of five hundred thousand primeval stones. But a hundred thousand primeval stones that I earn from battle is extremely valuable. Come, according to northern plains rules, I accept this battle."


 Fang Yuan walked onto the stage.


 "Uncle Chang Shan Yin!" Ge Guang felt extremely touched, tears were overflowing as he was lost for words, shouting behind Fang Yuan as he cheered.


 The elders of Ge tribe were all extremely moved.


 "As expected of Chang Shan Yin, a true righteous hero!"


 "Unmoved by benefits and money, he is truly a man of justice."


 "There are many people who offer icing on the cake, but few people help out in times of need. Chang Shan Yin will be an esteemed guest in our tribe forever!"


 Man Duo’s expression was grim, extremely ugly. He knew that there was no need to say more, he shut his mouth and looked at Shi Wu.


 Shi Wu felt Man Duo’s gaze and felt bitter in his heart.


 He had just submitted to Man tribe not long ago, and became an external elder of Man tribe, he wanted to make contributions to the tribe badly. Although Man Duo’s cultivation was low, he was the tribe elder’s third son, upon hearing that old Ge tribe leader was sick, he came over with Man Duo to challenge them. But he did not expect to meet Chang Shan Yin!


 Although the other party was only rank four initial stage, he was already rank three peak stage, the two stages might look close, but Wu Shi knew clearly that this difference in a large realm was incredibly large.


 But in this situation, he had no other way out, if he avoided battle, he would be greatly despised and criticized. In northern plains which advocated courage and fighting spirit, he would no longer have a future.


 Shi Wu gritted his teeth secretly as he entered the stage forcefully.


 "Please." He bowed to Fang Yuan, barely forcing a smile.


 Fang Yuan nodded lightly, standing on the spot as light azure wolf fur grew on his body rapidly.


 The wolf fur covered his entire body, his ears, face, and even limbs.


 "This is azure wolf skin Gu." Wu Shi’s heart sank, although azure wolf skin Gu was a very common and ordinary rank four Gu, its defense was not something that a rank three Gu could easily penetrate.


 The Ge tribesmen behind Fang Yuan all concentrated and watched as their eyes shone, awaiting Fang Yuan’s grand display of his prowess.


 Some even shouted loudly: "Kill this fellow, he killed our tribe’s third elder!"


 Shi Wu heard this and his heart shrunk, he sighed bitterly, feeling the huge trouble ahead of him: "Oh no! After the earlier battles, I have less than thirty percent of my primeval essence left, I am not his match at my peak condition, not to mention now."


 Looking at Shi Wu who had a distracted gaze and stiff movements, Fang Yuan snickered in his heart. This person had lost his fighting spirit, even if he had his complete strength, he could not display half of it. After several matches, his primeval essence was obviously lacking.


 Such an opponent, in Fang Yuan’s eyes, was fish on a chopping board.


 But Fang Yuan did not want to kill him.


 For what?


 He was Man tribe’s external elder, if he killed him, that would be a slap on Man tribe’s face. Although Fang Yuan was not afraid of trouble, he did not want to create unnecessary trouble for himself.


 Even though Shi Wu killed a Ge tribe elder, that was their own business!


 "Come!" Fang Yuan stepped, and activated wolf sprint Gu, bursting forward like an arrow, as afterimages appeared behind him.


 Shi Wu’s heart was already in despair, seeing Fang Yuan’s fierce charge, he retreated in fear.


 At the same time, he summoned three flying bone shields.


 Piak piak piak!


 Fang Yuan moved like a shadow, getting close for a physical fight, he struck three times and smashed all three bone shields.


 Shi Wu tumbled and rolled away, summoning another three bone shields.


 Piak piak piak!


 As Fang Yuan attacked at lightning speed, the three bone shields broke again.


 He had the strength of twenty jun now, although he could not display all of it, it was no problem breaking these shields.


 "What other moves do you have, use them all." Fang Yuan did not attack again, he gave Shi Wu a chance to catch his breath.


 Shi Wu was sweating profusely, he gritted his teeth and rubbed his hands, summoning two iron bone broad axes.


 "Waaaaaaaah!" He shouted loudly, raising both axes as he attacked fiercely.


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed lightly, not attacking but placing both arms behind his back, using the wolf travel Gu to move.


 His movements were unpredictable, like petals floating in the air, his broad shoulder and thin waist gave a brilliant unrestrained feeling.


 Shi Wu growled loudly, no matter how he moved both his axes, he could not even touch Fang Yuan’s clothes, he was completely at Fang Yuan’s mercy.


 "Lie down." Fang Yuan sighed, stretching out one finger, it looked slow, but it rapidly touched the axe.


 Shi Wu was already dizzy from Fang Yuan’s movements, after feeling this force, he lost his balance and fell face flat on the ground.


 Ge tribesmen saw his pathetic state and cheered loudly, as the thunderous sound turned into one phrase: "Kill him, kill him!"


 Shi Wu’s expression was ashen, his fighting spirit was gone. Fang Yuan had control of the entire situation, he was like a lion toying with a sheep. He felt that he was not Fang Yuan’s match, but the more he thought like this, the less battle strength he could muster, and the worse the battle situation became.


 Man Duo’s heart also sank to rock-bottom.


 "Damn it, this Shi Wu did not display his true ability, he was scared witless by the other party! But even so, that rank four Gu Master is too strong. He defeated elder Shi Wu without breaking a sweat. Sigh, If Shi Wu dies, I would lose a tribe elder, I would have to face the accusations and fury of my brothers when I return!"


 But unexpectedly, Fang Yuan did not attack anymore.


 "You are but a rank three, if I use rank four cultivation to kill you, others might think that I, the great Chang Shan Yin, am bullying the weak. Leave." Fang Yuan waved his hand.


 "Uncle Chang Shan Yin! You cannot spare this scoundrel." Behind him, Ge Guang shouted.


 But Fang Yuan ignored him.


 Shi Wu reacted quickly, getting up and showed an expression of joy as he escaped death: "Thank you lord for sparing my life, thank you lord for sparing my life."


 Fang Yuan frowned: "Scram."


 "Yes, yes, yes." Shi Wu turned and left.


 "Senior, I’ll take my leave." Man Duo paid respects and rode his battle horse. Ge tribesmen mocked and scolded them as they left with great humiliation.


 ...


 "Father, I have failed you, I am here to ask for punishment." Man Duo kneeled on the ground, lowering his head in shame and fear.


 Man tribe leader had a muscular body, having rank four peak stage cultivation. He sat on the tiger skin chair grandly as he looked at Man Duo below his feet: "This time, old Ge tribe leader was bedridden, and you brought multiple rank three experts, how did you fail? You did badly for sure, but I heard news that Ge tribe brought out another rank four expert?"


 "That is indeed so. Shi Wu was defeated by him. This person only displayed a bit of his actual strength, and he managed to toy around with our strongest elder Shi Wu, his true ability was unfathomable. However, I was in charge of this matter, it was my fault for not getting enough information, resulting in this failure. This child is very ashamed, I implore father to punish me!" Man Duo’s eyes were red as he said in a sobbing manner.


 Man tribe leader heard this and his tone relaxed: "Stand up, although you failed, you are still my son. Tell me about the incident."


 Man Duo quickly spoke, describing the scenario that happened that day.


 But when he had just started, Man tribe leader jumped up from his chair, staring fiercely at Man Duo: "He said he is Chang Shan Yin? Which Chang Shan Yin? Are you sure his name is Chang Shan Yin?"


 "I would not dare to lie to father even with ten thousand guts." Man Duo quickly explained.


 Man tribe leader was in a daze.


 "Father, father." Man Duo called him softly: "Is this Chang Shan Yin an expert with a great background?"


 Man tribe leader recovered from his daze, his expression was solemn: "I can’t tell yet, he could be an imposter. But if it is true, then northern plains has another formidable character emerging... You can leave now, I will handle this matter."


 Man Duo jumped from shock, his father was an extremely busy man, but now that he was handling this himself, that showed how important this Chang Shan Yin was.


 "Chang Shan Yin, Chang Shan Yin, who in the world are you?"


 ...


 A few days later, in Ge tribe.


 "A few days ago, it was all thanks for brother Shan Yin’s help. This is five hundred thousand primeval stones, it is a token of our gratitude, please accept it." Old Ge tribe leader had a pale expression, he seemed to have aged ten years after losing his daughter.


 Fang Yuan rejected it for a few times before accepting it: "These days, I have been staying in your tribe, it is only right that I helped out. But I really lack primeval stones now, I shall borrow these from you for now."


 "Brother Shan Yin had great morals, you are truly a hero of northern plains." Old Ge tribe leader was speaking, when his subordinate brought in an invitation, as well as a present.


 The old tribe leader’s expression was grim, he handed this invitation and present to Fang Yuan: "Brother Shan Yin, Man tribe leader knows you are here, he is inviting you to his tribe as a guest."



***
Chapter 445: Fixing Battle Bone Wheel


***





 Chapter 445: Fixing Battle Bone Wheel


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan took a look at the invitation, the words written were very polite, of course they were written using northern plains characters, they looked wild but profound, and at the end, there was Man tribe leader’s name — Man Tu.


 This letter was written by Man Tu personally, it showed his sincerity.


 The content of the letter was Man tribe leader’s admiration towards Chang Shan Yin, and stated that the matter earlier was but a misunderstanding among children, since Chang Shan Yin did not kill the external elder Shi Wu, Man tribe was extremely grateful.


 Thus, he was holding a banquet at night, and was sincerely inviting Fang Yuan to come. At the same time, this present was an item to apologise on behalf of Shi Wu, for offending a hero.


 Fang Yuan opened it and laughed: "This Man tribe spent a lot of effort."


 In the box, there was a hundred bone bamboo Gu.


 Evidently, after Man Duo returned, he investigated Fang Yuan clearly, and learnt that he was making purchases in the market.


 "Oh brother Shan Yin, I have a favor to ask of you." Old tribe leader spoke.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand: "I understand brother, don’t worry, I will urge them during the banquet, to reduce the conflicts between both your tribes."


 "Ah, my greatest thank to you, brother Shan Yin!" The old tribe leader was very touched, he got up in a hurry and bowed deeply towards Fang Yuan.


 There was still some time until the banquet, Fang Yuan sent them off before closing his door.


 Fang Yuan sat on the bed, he willed and a light flew out of his aperture.


 The weak light dispersed revealing the battle bone wheel.


 This rank five Gu is huge, its height was almost at the ceiling, once it appeared, the large room instantly felt cramped.


 There were many cracks on the battle wheel, and even some severe scars that threatened to destroy it. The deepest scar was extremely damaging, nearly splitting the wheel into two, only connected by a little bit of white bone. It was a shocking sight.


 This rank five Gu worm’s luck was not good, after being beaten up by Chang Shan Yin, its original owner Ha Tu Gu died, causing it to become a wild Gu. It had to eat the skeletons on the battleground to barely survive, unable to fix its injuries.


 After that, it was attacked by Fang Yuan and Ge Yao together, the Spring Autumn Cicada was a rank six Gu, it could not subdue rank five Gu easily. Fang Yuan could only beat it till its last breath to subdue it.


 But precise so, the battle bone wheel was at the brink of destruction, when it appeared, several bone fragments fell off the wheel.


 One could say, its situation could not be any worse.


 Fang Yuan took out a bone bamboo Gu from the gift box, using Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura, he refined it instantly.


 This Gu worms was shaped like a finger-bone bamboo, it was pale white and looked like a white candle.


 Fang Yuan held the bone bamboo Gu in his hand, as his primeval essence moved according to his will, going out of the aperture towards the underside of his tongue.


 The ghost fire Gu was residing at the underside of his tongue, having formed into a blue lump of fire.


 Fang Yuan breathed in and blew out.


 With a ’huuu’ sound, he breathed out a lump of eerie blue ghost fire.


 The ghost fire landed on the bone bamboo Gu, slowly burning the top of the bamboo.


 Fang Yuan held the bottom of the ghost bamboo Gu like he was holding a candle.


 Ghost fire continued to burn, emitting a cold feeling that was chilling to the bone. As the top part of the bone bamboo Gu burnt with ghost fire, it slowly melted and turned into a trace of white bone smoke, floating up.


 Fang Yuan placed the bone bamboo Gu closer to the battle bone wheel, and the white bone smoke moved towards the crack of the battle bone wheel like it was sucked over. The battle bone wheel shook slightly as it recovered slowly.


 In a while, the eerie blue ghost fire got smaller, as Fang Yuan breathed out another lump of fire to sustain the candle.


 After five minutes, this bone bamboo Gu was used up, as Fang Yuan took out the second bone bamboo Gu from the gift box and continued using the ghost fire to ignite it, causing white bone smoke to appear.


 As he repeated the cycle, after more than thirty bone bamboo Gu, Fang Yuan finally repaired the deepest crack on that battle bone wheel completely.


 The gift box which was filled with bone bamboo Gu had lost about a quarter of them, if Fang Yuan wanted to repair the entire battle bone wheel, just these bone bamboo Gu were not enough.


 And the battle bone wheel was far from being usable in battle.


 The deepest wound was fixed, but the other injuries were still plaguing the wheel.


 It was like a patient, after Fang Yuan’s resuscitation, it was pulled back from the abyss of death. But this patient was still in grave danger, it needed to continue receiving treatment.


 " You cannot get fat from eating one mouthful , battle bone wheel’s damage is too severe. But if that was not the case, I would not have been able to subdue it. Even if it is fully fixed now, my primeval essence cannot activate it. There is no rush here."


 Fang Yuan got down from the bed, flexing his numb limbs as he opened the windows, it was already dark, the stars were shining in the sky.


 "It is time." Thinking of the banquet at night, Fang Yuan stepped out of his room.


 As he walked out the courtyard, Man Duo and Ge tribe’s father and son were already waiting for him.


 "Man Duo greets Lord Chang Shan Yin!" Man Duo saw Fang Yuan and immediately greeted, showing absolute respect.


 "Have you all waited for a long time?" Fang Yuan nodded, asking casually.


 "Man Duo replied: "It has only been six hours, it is not a problem. It is my great honor to stand before lord’s doors. Senior Chang Shan Yin, father has already set up a grand banquet nearby, awaiting your arrival. Ge tribe’s father and son will accompany you to this banquet as well."


 Fang Yuan looked at this Man Duo, feeling pity in his heart.


 This lad was intelligent and capable, but fate toyed with him, giving him poor aptitude, he was just like Fang Yuan in his previous life.


 "Alright then, come along." Fang Yuan rode his hump wolf as he left Ge tribe campgrounds with the rest of them.


 Man Duo guided the group of about a dozen people as they rode their hump wolves to a faraway place.


 The cool night breeze blew past the ears, as the grassland was running in the opposite direction.


 Moonlight poured down like water, one could clearly see at a short distance, but from afar, the moonlight looked like a foggy veil. The grass on the ground was oozing with jade-green essence. The mountains looked like they were gradually flowing towards the sky.


 Under such a night sky, wolves sprinted on the never-ending land, as the beautiful moon gave an unrestrained sense of freedom!


 As everyone sprinted, they saw a group of hump wolves on a mound. There were a group of Gu Masters sitting on the wolves’ back. A Gu Master was waving a huge flag in his hands, that had the word ’Man’ on it.


 After seeing Fang Yuan, the group of Gu Masters rode the hump wolves as they came over.


 Man Duo saw this and laughed: "Lord Chang Shan Yin, my father is the one ahead, he is here to welcome you."


 This was the custom of northern plains — if an esteemed guest was invited, the host would often travel ten li, to greet them.


 The two groups of hump wolves met in the middle.


 Man tribe leader got off his wolf, laughing as he walked over: "Hahaha, today’s moon is as bright as the sun, this is the radiance to welcome the return of northern plain’s hero. Lord Chang, I have heard so much about you."


 Man tribe leader was nine feet tall, he was extremely muscular and strong. He wore a loose sleeveless fur robe, showing his two shoulders, his ancient-bronze colored arms were thicker than a normal male’s leg.


 But just as he finished his sentence, it seemed like heaven played prank on him.


 The night sky was covered by some dark clouds, as the moonlight vanished, causing the grassland to sink into darkness.


 Man tribe leader’s loud laughter became softer, as he felt extremely awkward.


 It was Man Duo who was quick-witted, immediately laughing as his eyes rolled: "Senior Chang Shan Yin is our northern plains’ great hero. Father, you are the most respected hero in our Man tribe. Tonight is a meeting of heroes! Look, the great aura of heroes caused heaven to tremble, causing winds and clouds to stir!"


 His words caused the awkwardness to fade away, as Man tribe leader’s expression returned to normal as he walked to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan and the others also got off the wolves.


 Man Tu first gave Fang Yuan a deep greeting, as Fang Yuan placed his right hand as his chest to return the greeting.


 Next, Man Tu stared at Man Duo intentionally, using a scolding tone: "Nonsense! How can I compare to Lord Chang. Lord Chang was renowned in northern plains as the Wolf King, he dominated the world with his wolf enslavement skill. He even killed the rank five Gu master Ha Tu Gu, eliminating a bunch of bandits and got rid of a great evil, causing his name to go down his history."


 "Hehehe, tribe leader Man Tu, why are you so humble?" Fang Yuan laughed lightly: "You are Man tribe leader, ruler of near a thousand Gu Masters. You are a true conqueror, leading Man tribe to many victories, and you even control Hong Yan valley, you are the overlord of this area. My cultivated had fallen to rank four initial stage, while you are at peak stage, you surpass me greatly. Although I have wolf enslavement skill, I can only control beasts, unlike you who control people, our difference is night and day. Tribe leader Man Tu is the true heroic conqueror!"


 Man Tu was stunned.


 The Wolf King was well-known for his aloofness and arrogance, he was hard to talk to, to think he was so talkative now, and showed such a humble attitude.


 But he understood quickly after thinking about it.


 This Chang Shan Yin was famous when he was young, with the nature of a young man, he was arrogant. Now that he was a middle-aged man, and had gotten into such trouble, his nature was had already been refined, it was normal for him to be more composed now.


 Man Tu did not expect Fang Yuan to be so approachable, but to receive such praise from Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, he was secretly happy.


 He thought even more highly of Fang Yuan in his heart now.


 Although his cultivation was rank four initial stage, he had once killed the rank five Ha Tu Gu, Man Tu did not dare to underestimate him.


 He laughed and said: "Lord Chang was already rank four peak stage twenty years ago. Even though your cultivation fell due to injuries, you can still recover quickly, or even surpass your former cultivation. By then, how would my cultivation be your match?"


 At this time, the dark clouds dispersed and moonlight shone down again.


 "Hehehe, the two of you are the current hero and conqueror of northern plains." Ge tribe leader spoke at an appropriate timing: "The most valuable thing is that the meeting of tiger and wolf did not lead to a fight, but instead you appreciate each other. We are lucky to witness this, this is truly seeing the moon after the clouds part ."


 Such words made everyone laugh.


 "Hahaha, brother Ge, your words described the scenery perfectly. Quick, the banquet has already been prepared, it is just nearby!" Man Tu looked at Fang Yuan and made an inviting pose.


 He did not set the banquet at his camp, but rushed here to set up the banquet close to Ge tribe camp, it showed his hospitality and sincerity.


 "Good, after you!" Fang Yuan laughed and agreed, but his heart tightened.


 The dark clouds came and left quickly, it was a peculiar sight. Most likely, Gu Masters were on the move, it has not been a month since he buried fixed immortal travel Gu. The Immortal Gu aura has not faded yet, hopefully a Gu Immortal does not find it.



***
Chapter 446: Soul Path Gu Immortal Gui Wang


***





 Chapter 446: Soul Path Gu Immortal Gui Wang


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the night sky, the moon shone brightly.


 A large group of dark clouds moved quickly despite looking slow, it moved above Fang Yuan and gang’s head, five thousand li towards the south, towards the sky of an unnamed little hill.


 Dark clouds covered the beautiful moonlight, casting a large shadow as darkness engulfed this hill.


 The dark clouds stopped moving as a sword light flew out from it, it was the flying sword letter Gu.


 The flying sword letter Gu shot into the mound, and entered a mysterious space, vanishing.


 After a while, the little hill shook, as a bright red light flashed.


 The red light was dazzling, like the setting of the sun, it gathered into a lump, like the creation of a red sun.


 At once, the radius of a few hundred li was engulfed in bright red light.


 From this mini sun, a jade bridge stretched out.


 A rank six Gu Immortal, having a youthful appearance and a round and white face, stepped on the bridge and walked out.


 He wore a snow fox fur robe, his face was glowing with red light as he looked up at the dark clouds, laughing: "Gui Wang, it has been a while."


 Kek kek kek...


 Accompanying the terrible sounding laughter, a person emerged from the dark clouds.


 He gave off the strong aura of a rank six Gu Immortal, it was Gui Wang.


 Gui Wang quickly descended, just as he was about to land on the ground, a large pair of greenish-black bat wings appeared behind his back.


 The bat wings flapped as he remained in the air, looking at the rank six Gu Immortal on the bridge.


 "Loner Hong Yu, these are the lava bats I promised you, a total of three million and five hundred thousand. Take a look." Gui Wang spoke, his voice was very coarse and unpleasant, it gave people goosebumps.


 His appearance was also extremely ugly, messy hair, a high forehead, deep eye sockets, tightly shut eyes, and ears as large as half his brain.


 Loner Hong Yu heard this and raised his head, looking at the dark clouds in the sky.


 His brown eyes started heating up and turning red, turning into a color resembling heated metal.


 His gaze literally became hot, as it pierced through the dark clouds and allowed him to see the countless bats flying inside.


 These bats were all dark-red in color, giving off great heat. They screeched as they flew around each other.


 Loner Hong Yu looked around as he nodded in satisfaction: "Three and a half million lava bats indeed, with them, my Hong Yu blessed land would not need to get rid of lava into the ground every month, I can benefit from this greatly. I will keep these lava bats."


 " Kekekekek ..." Gui Wang laughed heartily, the dark clouds tore open as the bats flew out after losing their restraints.


 These bats did not fly around randomly, they quickly descended like a black-red waterfall, entering the sun.


 Each blessed land’s door was different.


 This mini sun was Hong Yu blessed land’s entrance.


 After these chaotic bats were brought into Hong Yu blessed land, Gui Wang said: "Loner Hong Yu, since you accepted these bats, it means you agreed to barge into Lang Ya blessed land with me."


 "Of course, when have I, Loner Hong Yu, ever broken my promise? A month later, we will get to Lang Ya blessed land. But that land spirit is still around, with just the two of us, it might not be enough." Loner Hong Yu said in worry.


 "You do not have to worry about this, I have asked the Hua Hai three immortals to help." Gui Wang said.


 "Oh? The righteous path’s Hua Hai three immortals agreed?" Loner Hong Yu was shocked.


 "Hmph, what is righteous, what is demonic? It is but personal interests. Lang Ya blessed land has countless recipes, the Hua Hai three immortals are obviously moved."


 "Haha, you are right! I have to make arrangements for these bats, I will not send you off Gui Wang." Loner Hong Yu said.


 Gui Wang snorted as his bat wings flapped, bringing his body into the dark clouds as quickly as lightning.


 Dark clouds moved, flying towards the north, covering the moon in its path.


 As it entered poison grassland’s sky, the cloud stopped, Gui Wang stopped and showed some confusion: "Eh? What’s going on! There is the aura of an Immortal Gu?"


 He showed a look of disbelief as he landed, the place he was standing at was the location where Fang Yuan and Ge Yao first met.


 "Although the Immortal Gu’s aura is already extremely weak, it is a real Immortal Gu! Strange, there is the aura of an Immortal Gu, but no Gu Immortal’s aura. Is this a wild Immortal Gu? No, that’s not right, this is man-made. That means, a mortal obtained an Immortal Gu?"


 Gui Wang thought about this and felt great excitement.


 Fifty years had already passed since he rose to Gu Immortal realm, yet he still had no Immortal Gu, forced to use rank five Gu worms only.


 Immortal Gu were extremely rare, many Gu Immortal live their entire life without having a single one.


 "Don’t tell me, after working hard for half my life, my luck is finally here?" An Immortal Gu’s allure was overwhelming, Gui Wang’s heart was palpitating.


 He flapped his wings, following the Immortal Gu’s aura as he flew over.


 He wanted to search for the Gu using the trail of aura.


 After a moment, he stopped, the sea of ghost face sunflowers was before him.


 "To think there are so many ghost face sunflowers here, kekekek , they are mine!" Gui Wang laughed coldly, although his eyes were closed, it did not obstruct his vision.


 He willed and the dark cloud which accompanied him started rolling, as it descended like a huge beast, biting the large field of sunflowers.


 Immediately, countless ghost face Gu flew up as numerous ghost cry Gu started to shriek.


 "Nether ghost claw!" Gui Wang stretched out his hand and a huge green claw shadow appeared, scooping up these ghost cry Gu and ghost face Gu.


 At once, many wild Gu were caught.


 A moment later, the dark clouds flew into the sky again, the sea of sunflowers was gone, only a huge crater was left in the ground.


 "Great harvest." Gui Wang’s mood was good, compared to the Immortal Gu, this was a small appetiser.


 After leaving the newly created hole, Gui Wang frowned: "What’s going on? The Immortal Gu’s aura weakened? Don’t tell me, it’s sealed?"


 He continued flying forward, trailing after fixed immortal travel Gu’s aura, he was extremely fast.


 After fifteen minutes, his eyebrows raised: "The Immortal Gu’s aura moved from the ground to the air, how can this be?"


 He looked around, and after a few breaths’ time, he understood.


 "I see, this is the earth spike rats’ territory, this mortal Gu Master flew across it. Heh, his Gu worms are not bad, actually having a flying Gu."


 Gui Wang snickered as he spread his wings and flew into the air.


 He followed Fang Yuan’s previous path, meeting the shadow crows along the way.


 "A bunch of small birds." Gui Wang snorted, his body shook slightly as a hundred pale wandering ghosts flew out.


 Rank five, hundred ghost night travel Gu!


 The wandering spirits flew around, knocking into the shadow crows and smashing their soul to bits. The shadow crows’ bodies were unharmed, but they fell down and were dismembered by the earth spike rats.


 Gui Wang went on a slaughtering spree, as this area’s blood smell intensified, causing more shadow crows to come and scavenge for food. At the same time, the entire earth spike rat group was alerted, they pierced out of the ground attempting to attack Gui Wang.


 Gui Wang chuckled, activating hundred ghost night travel Gu and several hundred ghost face Gu.


 At once, numerous spirits and souls flew in the air, different ghost faces danced in the air, like a stone mill crushing everything in its path.


 Hundreds to thousands of shadow crows fell onto the ground like dumpling entering a pot. The earth spike rats feasted upon their bodies, but the wandering spirits and ghost faces caused damage to them as well.


 Earth spikes hit Gui Wang’s body one after another, but were repelled by the black light on his body. Other than that, many shadow crows assaulted him with their steel claws.


 Gui Wang neither dodged nor avoided, he flew straight ahead.


 If it was a rank five Gu Master, under such circumstances, facing numerous attacks every second, he would run out of primeval essence after a moment.


 But Gu Immortals had immortal essence, one bead of green grape immortal essence could be diluted into a large amount of primeval essence, it could fill the entire blessed land for tens of years, even a hundred years without vanishing.


 This meant that every Gu Immortal had endless primeval essence that they could use, able to use rank five Gu without stopping!


 After thousands of shadow crows were sacrificed, the shadow crows retreated in fear.


 Gui Wang did not chase them, after flying past the earth spike rats’ territory, he landed at the place Fang Yuan landed.


 This was where Fang Yuan used dusty Gu on bright pearl Gu.


 "The aura thinned again! How can a mortal seal an Immortal Gu? No, there is another possibility, that is this Immortal Gu is heavily injured on the verge of death! I have to hurry." Gui Wang felt a strong sense of pressure as he continued flying close to the ground.


 Using another rank five Gu worm to accelerate, he raised his speed again.


 Twenty minutes later, he arrived at the battlefield where Chang Shan Yin and Ha Tu Gu fought to their deaths.


 Here, Fang Yuan took out Chang Shan Yin’s corpse and used dark toss Gu to suppress fixed immortal travel Gu’s aura again.


 Sensing that the Immortal Gu’s aura was near indiscernible, Gui Wang’s patience reached its limits. He stopped for a moment, using his investigative Gu to scan the surrounding, continuing on his journey after having no discoveries.


 "This Immortal Gu will be mine. Be it dead or alive, I must see it!" Gui Wang flew close to the ground, swearing in his heart.


 ...


 The banquet had already been going on for a long time, there were young women dancing, delicious wine and food to consume, under this lively atmosphere, Fang Yuan had already formed a brotherly relationship with Man Tu.


 "Brother Man Tu, I offer you a toast. I hope that you can do me a favor and mend your relationship with Ge tribe." Fang Yuan raised his wine cup and drank.


 Man Tu showed a look of difficulty, after drinking the wine in his cup, he said: "I would not dare to refuse brother Chang’s wine, but Hong Yan valley is a small place, we Man tribe expanded quickly and now our numbers are huge. If we have to provide for another Man tribe, I’m afraid... Moreover, Ge tribe went back on their words, the promised wedding was delayed and even fell through. We are truly angry and disappointed!"


 Man Tu sounded angry but he already had a scheme in his heart.


 He wanted to absorb Ge tribe, but he could not find an excuse. At the same time old Ge tribe leader was a rank four Gu Master, with him still around, Man tribe could not take them down easily.


 Thus, when Man Duo proposed the wedding, he agreed immediately.


 Next, with news of Ge Yao’s death from Ge tribe, Man Tu did not believe. In his opinion, this was an excuse of Ge tribe after they realized Man Tu’s intention of devouring them!



***
Chapter 447: Hints and Clues Gu


***





 Chapter 447: Hints and Clues Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Speaking about Ge tribe, the lively banquet atmosphere turned cold.


 Old Ge tribe leader quickly stood up and gave an explanation.


 Ge Guang stood at one side, looking at his father, he felt bitter and pained.


 His sister was dead, his father was grieving, he wished none of this was real. But now, he had to explain to outsiders, proving to them that his daughter was truly dead.


 This was such a painful torture.


 While Man Tu listened to their explanations, he refused to accept it.


 Chang Shan Yin was a righteous hero, and also the genius Gu Master that Chang tribe nurtured back in the day. After he killed Ha Tu Gu and the bandits, he was praised by the people, and with his great reputation, he was known by almost everyone in northern plains.


 Thus, to give Chang Shan Yin face , Man Tu gave them his full attention.


 But even if Chang Shan Yin’s reputation was five or six times higher than now, it could not match the benefits of him absorbing Ge tribe. Now that he had a proper excuse to do so, Man Tu would not let go of it so easily


 Thus, he ’patiently’ listened to Ge tribe leader’s explanation before looking at his third son.


 Man Duo laughed coldly in his heart, standing up.


 He bowed deeply at Fang Yuan, before taking out a Gu worms in public: "Please take a look Senior Chang."


 This Gu looked like a butterfly, its long body was like an incense stick, with its tail still burning with thick smoke. The smoke changed into rainbow-like colors at times, while being colorless and odorless at times.


 "Is this, the chase smoke Gu from ancient times?" Fang Yuan’s gaze shone.


 Man Duo was stunned, using a tone of admiration: "Senior is absolutely right, this junior is in awe of senior’s knowledge. I obtained this Gu by chance, as long as one is stained by this smoke, it would not dissipate for months, it is perfect for finding someone’s traces."


 After pausing for a while, he continued: "To speak the truth, when junior first saw Ge Yao, I used this Gu on her. Now, as long as we activate this smoke Gu, the traces will appear and we can see it clearly."


 Man Duo had a smug expression as he continued: "Ge tribe leader, if we use this Gu, and find Ge Yao hiding in your tribe’s campgrounds, what will we do?"


 He wanted to devour Ge tribe, he obviously had plans. This chase smoke Gu was suggested by Man Duo, to think that it would actually be used like this.


 Facing Man Duo’s threat, Ge tribe father and son relaxed in their heart.


 This chase smoke Gu was good, once it was used, the truth of their words would be attested to without doubt.


 But Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, this chase smoke Gu could stain people who got close to it. He had once been in close proximity with Ge Yao, and even hugged her. With this smoke, wouldn’t he be exposed?


 What now?!


 Fang Yuan did not expect this, his heart was sinking.


 The Gu worm set on him was Chang Shan Yin’s enslavement path Gu worms, it was good at huge battles, but had little use for personal fights.


 At this banquet, he was only rank four initial stage, but Man tribe and Ge tribe leader had higher cultivation. There were even several elders and guards with rank three cultivation.


 Even if he brought the wolves over, two to three thousand ordinary wolves could not turn this situation around!


 At once, Fang Yuan’s mind worked at lightning speed, all sorts of possibilities appeared as they sparked like flint.


 Soon after, he laughed heartily: "This is great. With the chase smoke Gu to certify, the truth will be out. Junior, quickly use it."


 He wanted to stall for time or reject the use of it, but that was impossible. Firstly, he as an outsider rejecting the use of chase smoke Gu was very strange, it was almost admitting his guilt. Secondly, be it Man tribe or Ge tribe, they both wanted to use chase smoke Gu to confirm some details, there was no way to change their minds now. Thirdly, chase smoke Gu was in the hands of someone else, even if Fang Yuan objected to it, could he stop Man tribe from using it?


 Thus, Fang Yuan took the initiative to urge him, giving them an impression of being open and fearless.


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s words, Man Tu was overjoyed: "Since brother Chang Shan Yin has said it, son, use it."


 But Man Duo was not happy, he observed the people’s expressions, and realized that Man tribe father and son were looking forward to this.


 "Is Ge Yao really dead?" Man Duo controlled his uneasiness and willed, activating this chase smoke Gu.


 At once, the colorless and odorless smoke appeared in the air, turning black.


 "Hmm?"


 "Eh, what’s going on?"


 "This is..."


 As expected, there was a thick cloud of smoke on Fang Yuan, in this illuminated banquet, it was very eye-catching.


 At once, everyone’s gaze was on him!


 The lively atmosphere immediately turned solemn, no one said a word, there was a heavy mood in everyone.


 Fang Yuan frowned, his expression was a combination of shock and surprise, it made people think he was innocent.


 As if he thought that he was not eye-catching enough, Fang Yuan stood up from among the crowd, leaving his seat as he walked around. The black smoke trailed after him, forming a black smoke tail behind Fang Yuan.


 Man Duo’s gaze flickered as Man Tu said happily: "That means brother Chang Shan Yin has met Ge Yao, and even had close interaction with her!"


 Old Man tribe leader had a complicated expression as he looked at Fang Yuan with a uncertain gaze.


 Ge Guang was still young, he was not composed enough as he stood up from his seat, staring at Fang Yuan in suspicion, asking: "Uncle Chang Shan Yin, what is going on? Did you meet my sister Ge Yao when you were in poison grassland?"


 Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn, he did not explain himself, but walked back to his seat, saying seriously: "To speak the truth, you are suspicious, but so am I, why is there so much smoke following me?"


 Man Duo said sinisterly: "Senior Chang is a great hero of northern plains, I would not dare to come up with a conjecture for your suspicions.


 "Senior Chang Shan Yin!" Ge Guang could not hold it any longer, he stared at Fang Yuan with a flickering gaze.


 Fang Yuan heard him and looked at Ge Guang in the eye with no guilt, then turning to old Ge tribe leader: "Brother Ge, you know my character. I swear in the name of the Wolf King, I did not meet your daughter in poison grassland!"


 Ge tribe leader placed his right hand at his chest, making a great gesture with a solemn expression: "Brother Chang Shan Yin, we hit it off so well when we first met, I believe your words!"


 Ge Guang by the side wanted to speak but he controlled himself.


 Fang Yuan obviously understood that these words were not enough to dispel their suspicions. Immediately after, he frowned, showing a thinking expression, saying: "I slept for twenty years, after I woke up, I left poison grassland. Along the way, I subdued many poison beard wolves, during the cold nights, I rest on the fur of my wolves to gain warmth. Most likely, one of the wolves ate brother’s daughter, and thus, the smoke was passed to me when we made contact."


 "Is that so?" Ge Guang gritted his teeth, his gaze flickering continuously.


 Fang Yuan’s explanation made perfect sense, he was the first person who saw Fang Yuan leave poison grassland, when he saved him from the wind wolf group, he was manipulating the poison beard wolves.


 "We can get to the truth easily, my wolf pack is still resting in Ge tribe’s ranch, can everyone follow me to the ranch, and we will be able to see the truth." Fang Yuan suggested.


 This suggestion made everyone interested.


 "Then we will go ahead with this?" Man Tu turned his gaze at Ge tribe father and son, he still did not believe Ge Yao was dead.


 Old Ge tribe leader stood up: "Let’s go, we can be the witnesses."


 Everyone rode their hump wolves towards Ge tribe’s ranch.


 Fang Yuan’s wolf pack was resting inside, they were strong and fit.


 Under the night sky, the poison beard wolves were more energetic.


 Using the chase smoke Gu’s black smoke, the group successfully found out that a few of the poison beard wolves had much thicker smoke than Fang Yuan.


 Oh longevity heaven, with the blessing of our ancestors, the murderer of my daughter was here all along!" Ge tribe leader saw this and cried in pain, he next bowed deeply at Fang Yuan, just as he was about to speak, Fang Yuan stopped him.


 "Brother Ge, I know what you want to say. These poison beard wolves are yours to deal with." Fang Yuan said.


 Old Ge tribe leader cried tears of gratitude: "Benefactor Chang Shan Yin, thank you! You not only saved my son, but you also brought the murderer of my daughter here. You are the closest friend of our Ge tribe for eternity!"


 Ge Guang was silent.


 It was true that Fang Yuan saved him, but this was not enough to certify that he was innocent. If Chang Shan Yin killed his sister and ordered the poison beard wolves to consume his sister’s corpse, that would also cause this result.


 Man Tu was panicking at the side.


 From start to end, he did not believe Ge Yao is dead.


 If Ge tribe discovered the chase smoke Gu and cooperated with Ge Yao to fake this, it was very easy.


 Thus, he spoke: "Ge tribe leader, you have truly misunderstood brother Chang Shan Yin. Brother Chang is a great hero of northern plains, he is such an admirable person, how could he commit such a sinful act? The way I see it, we should follow this chase smoke Gu into poison grassland and continue to collect evidence to clear brother Chang’s name!"


 He wanted to use Fang Yuan as an excuse to find out the truth, whether Ge Yao was really dead or not.


 If Ge Yao entered poison grassland, there would surely be a trail of smoke along the way.


 But at this time, Ge Guang spoke: "No need for that, I have a way to prove uncle Chang Shan Yin’s innocence. Father, back then when you prepared a set of precious water path Gu worms for sister, you used the rank five hints and clues Gu on them. Sister knows this, thus if she is killed, she will follow your instructions to keep these Gu worms intact, leaving them for her murderer. This way, we can find her killer and exact revenge for her. As long as you take out that hints and clues Gu, that will be the best proof."


 Saying so, Ge Guang looked deeply at Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 448: Obtaining another Rank Five Gu


***





 Chapter 448: Obtaining another Rank Five Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Gui Wang moved quickly along the way, following the faint Immortal Gu aura to a stalk of snow spirea.


 "The Immortal Gu’s aura stopped here, the trail ends here!" Gui Wang’s gaze was anxious as he searched all around the snow spirea.


 "No? No Immortal Gu! The snow spirea’s snow wash Gu was already taken, obviously someone came here. But why is there no Immortal Gu? If the Immortal Gu continued moving, its aura would move too. But this aura ended here, is the Immortal Gu dead?" Gui Wang had a guess.


 But he refused to believe this, he used his investigative Gu and searched the entire place thoroughly.


 "No, there’s nothing here!" Gui Wang gritted his teeth, his heart was filled with indignance and regret.


 "Wait!" Suddenly, his gaze turned ruthless as he thought of a possibility: "At the center of this poison grass land is Zi Du blessed land, the rank seven Gu Immortal Lady Poison Scorpion lives in it. Did she take the Immortal Gu? A mortal’s aperture cannot hold an Immortal Gu, but a Gu Immortal’s aperture can. After the Immortal Gu enters the aperture, the aura would stop leaking. In that case, this would be the most logical explanation!"


 "That means Lady Poison Scorpion stayed home and had an Immortal Gu arrive at her doorsteps? Damn it, curses!" Gui Wang stomped his foot, he would rather believe that the Gu was taken by Lady Poison Scorpion than the fact that it could have died.


 But he would never guess that the real Immortal Gu did not die, but instead Fang Yuan used iron cabinet Gu to seal its aura before backtracking and burying the Gu along the way.


 Gui Wang followed the aura’s trail, moving forward, as Fang Yuan controlled the sealing, the Gu worm’s aura weakened as he followed it, this created a speculation.


 Gui Wang wanted to chase after the Gu, he would never have guessed that along the way, the fixed immortal travel Gu was buried somewhere.


 When he thought of Lady Poison Scorpion, jealousy and hatred forced his speculations to hit a dead end.


 "Lady Poison Scorpion is a rank seven Gu Immortal, she is very strong. I can gather the Hua Hai three immortals and Loner Hong Yu to attack Lang Ya blessed land, that is because of the promised benefits. I do not have the bargaining chips to get them to attack Zi Du blessed land as well. This is so hateful! If I came ten days ago, the Immortal Gu might have been mine."


 "Looking at the time, Zi Du blessed land is about to open its doors and expel the poisonous gas inside, I am not her match, I should leave now."


 Gui Wang stomped his feet and flew into the air, entering the dark clouds.


 The dark cloud moved around as Gui Wang looked around with indignance, only after a long while did he fly back to his home.


 ...


 This was destined to be a busy night, at Ge tribe ranch, everyone’s attention was on Fang Yuan.


 If Fang Yuan killed Ge Yao and took her Gu, the hints and clues Gu would cause him to be exposed.


 Fang Yuan’s earlier lie would be exposed as well — if you did not meet Ge Yao, why do you have her Gu?


 By then, no explanations would work!


 "Son!" Ge tribe leader stared angrily at Ge Guang, extremely furious: "Benefactor Chang Shan Yin is so righteous and upright, how can you be suspicious of him?! Quickly kneel down and kowtow to our benefactor to ask for forgiveness!"


 "Father." Ge Guang was shocked, he did not expect Ge tribe leader’s reaction.


 Wasn’t he always trying to get revenge for sister? Father missed out one point so I pointed it out for him, what did I do wrong?


 At one side, Man tribe father and son started watching this show as bystanders.


 "Brother Ge, your son had said that, you do have a hints and clues Gu right?" Fang Yuan’s expression was calm, his gaze clear as water: "Then please take it out and activate it."


 "This..." Old Ge tribe leader hesitated.


 "Brother Ge, if you have a method to prove my innocence, why are you still hiding it? Hahaha, I am overjoyed by it." Fang Yuan smiled warmly.


 Ge tribe leader observed his expression for a while, then looked at Man tribe’s father and son. The two were staying silent, quietly watching this, but their gazes had deep meaning in them.


 "Nevermind, since benefactor Chang Shan Yin insists, I will go ahead with it." Ge tribe leader gritted his teeth and took out hints and clues Gu.


 This Gu was shaped like a black spider, it was fist-sized and was plump. Eight hairy black legs with shiny tips, resembling water chestnuts.


 Ge tribe leader injected primeval essence, and hints and clues Gu’s body gave out a faint white light. Within five hundred li, if there were Gu worms that were marked by the Gu Master, it would emit a red light and point in their direction. If the Gu Master was hiding the Gu worms inside their aperture, this range would be only within a thousand steps, but it stayed in Ge tribe leader’s hand without having any changes.


 Seeing this, Ge Guang kneeled on the ground with a plop and kowtowed to Fang Yuan: "Uncle Chang Shan Yin, I was wrong! I wanted to get to the bottom of the matter and offended you. Please punish me!"


 "Quickly get up, I have to thank you for proving my innocence, what wrong did you do?" Fang Yuan smiled faintly as he helped Ge Guang get up.


 ......


 Rewinding back to the day when Fang Yuan killed Ge Yao.


 Before death, the young girl cried: "Chang Shan Yin! I don’t know how I am blocking your path to success. But now, even if you kill me, I do not hate you. Maybe you are seeking revenge? I will leave all my Gu worms to you, I hope they can be of some use for your path to success."


 " Cough cough... " The girl coughed out blood and begged Fang Yuan with a grieved smile, "I am going to die, but before I die, I have a small favor to ask. I hope you can hug me, I really want to feel your warm embrace..."


 However, Fang Yuan did not move, his gaze coldly looking at the girl.


 He looked at the girl and saw her expression becoming stiffer as vitality left her bit by bit.


 Finally, the flower-like girl became an ice-cold corpse.


 Fang Yuan fell into a long silence as he looked at Ge Yao’s face.


 "She gave all her Gu to me? What is the meaning of this?"


 "She loved Chang Shan Yin indeed, but how can she not hate me for killing her? Her love was only a young girl’s affection, breeding for only a few days. Her hatred was due to the loss of her life, the hatred of being killed. It is evident which is a stronger emotion."


 "Heh! This girl is still too young, her acting is terrible, how can she hide that hatred in her eyes when she spoke to me? Although I lack Gu worms, and her Gu worms are all of high quality, she intentionally left them for me... to play it safe, I should not take them."


 Next, Fang Yuan willed, and the poison beard wolves moved, devouring her corpse until nothing was left.


 From start to end, he did not touch the Gu worms in Ge Yao’s aperture at all.


 "Seeing this result, Ge tribe leader breathed out a sigh of relief, praising Fang Yuan continuously: "Brother Chang Shan Yin, I have learnt much today. You are indeed a great hero of the grassland, your conduct is like tonight’s moon, pure like water, with no impurities. No matter how dirty the floor is, it will not pollute the moon. No matter how thick the clouds are, they will not hinder your radiance. We Ge tribe owe you a great deal, my son was rash and suspected you. We only have this rank five hints and clues Gu, I will give it to you today as an apology, please accept it, otherwise, I will not be able to sleep properly."


 Rank five Gu was hard to come by, but under everyone’s gaze, Ge tribe leader handed it over to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan rejected it for a few times, but Ge tribe leader was very insistent, he had "no choice" but to accept it.


 Just like this, Fang Yuan obtained his second rank five Gu in northern plains.


 Next, everyone continued the banquet until late into the night, as they parted happily under the moon.


 Man Tu invited Fang Yuan earnestly to be a guest as his tribe. But Fang Yuan said that he was going to leave not long later, to join the heroes assembly. But before leaving, he would go visit Man tribe first.


 Looking at Fang Yuan and Ge tribe’s father and son leave on their hump wolves, Man Tu’s smile vanished and his expression turned ugly.


 "It seems this Ge Yao is dead without doubt." Man Tu’s tone was gloomy.


 "Father, no need to fret." Man Duo at the side snickered: "This Ge tribe wants to make use of Hong Yan valley, he has to beg us, they have nowhere to run."


 Listening to his son’s words, Man Tu’s expression relaxed, he patted Man Duo’s shoulders: "You are right, I was too obsessed with it. These years, Man tribe had been expanding, you have contributed greatly to it. But you are only C grade in aptitude, your talent is insufficient, when father retires, and your elder brother takes charge of Man tribe, you have to assist him well."


 "Yes father, do not worry." Man Duo replied curtly and positively, but he was snorting in his heart.


 He was also his father’s son, why can’t he compete for the leader’s role, why must he give it to his brother? Because of aptitude, he cannot become the tribe leader?


 No!


 "If elder brother ascended to the position of tribe leader, he will kill me. Sigh, what a pity, I wanted to marry Ge Yao to make Ge tribe part of my force, with this relationship tying us together. But heaven played a joke on me, Ge Yao actually died!"


 ...


 "Unfilial son, kneel down!" Once they got into the secret room, with only the two of them left, Ge tribe leader’s expression sank as he screamed at Ge Guang.


 "Father!" Ge Guang was shocked, he did not understand why his father was so furious, but he subconsciously kneeled down first.


 "Father, I am your son, you can scold or beat me, as long as your anger fades. But I have a request, I hope that father can tell me why you are so furious after you calm down. I will change and no longer make you angry." Ge Guang said.


 Ge tribe leader laughed coldly, standing before Ge Guang and pointing at his nose: "I know you feel very indignant, let father tell you the reason, to let you know the immense danger we were in tonight! Did you really think Man Duo proposed to your sister because of her good looks?"


 Ge Guang was stunned: "Was that not the case? Ge Yao was the beauty of our tribe, so many youngsters were chasing after her."


 "Bullshit!" Ge tribe leader howled: "Beauty is just the icing on top of authority. Man Duo has Man Tu behind him, his objective is to devour our Ge tribe, that is why Man Tu supported Man Duo greatly to marry your sister."



***
Chapter 449: Strength is the most important


***





 Chapter 449: Strength is the most important


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Huh, Man tribe wants to devour our Ge tribe?" Ge Guang screamed.


 Old Ge tribe leader sighed: "Sigh, your sister is already dead, they were not willing to listen to my explanation, why do you think that is the case? Because this excuse is perfect for them to send their troops! But father found Chang Shan Yin to assist us, he was the hero of northern plains, he had great reputation, and had Chang tribe behind him. Man Tu did not dare to accuse us blindly, thus he did not attack us tonight."


 Ge Guang exclaimed: "There is such a twist behind it? But father, I do not understand, since you understood Man tribe’s intentions already, why did you agree to this wedding, and betrothed sister to that monkey Man Duo?"


 Ge tribe leader raised his finger, knocking on Ge Guang’s head: "Do you not have a brain? Why did I agree to the wedding? Did you think I want to torture my own daughter?! It is because the great blizzard is coming, if we can become relatives through marriage, we can stay inside Hong Yan valley, and protect all our tribesmen! Sacrificing your sister’s happiness to protect Ge tribe. This wedding is a transaction, sigh, but your sister ran away from her wedding, and died in poison grassland!"


 Ge Guang frowned, blinking: "Father, I understand now."


 "No, you know nothing." Ge tribe leader understood his son well, he explained in a disappointed tone: "Tonight, Man tribe leader invited Chang Shan Yin, and we followed him. But the truth is, their target was us, and I dragged Chang Shan Yin along as our shield."


 "That Man Duo used the chase smoke Gu, he is truly evil! When all of you suspected Chang Shan Yin, I said to him that I trusted him completely. Did you think I was not suspicious? I am not so muddleheaded yet!"


 Ge tribe leader stomped his foot, his tone was grim: "But father did not dare to suspect him. The reason we could contend with Man tribe is because of Chang Shan Yin. If we suspected him, their instigation would have succeeded, and ruined our relationship with Chang Shan Yin. If Chang Shan Yin did not side with us, we might not return alive from tonight’s banquet."


 Shock was written all over Ge Guang’s face: "Ah, are they so daring, would they try to kill the both of us?"


 "Hmph, why did you think that you met so many wind wolves during the search? In northern plains, there are lots of instances where beast groups were used to commit murder. But tonight, Man tribe might not kill us, but they would imprison us. By then, they would use Ge Yao’s matter as an excuse to devour our Ge tribe, without us, Ge tribe would be without a leader, the result would be disastrous."


 Hearing his father’s explanation, Ge Guang finally understood the danger they were in, showing after-fear on his face.


 "For the sake of the tribe, for the big picture, even if Chang Shan Yin was the killer, we cannot suspect him! Did you really think I forgot the hints and clues Gu? How can that be! But you had to mention it, if the killer was really Chang Shan Yin, what would we do?" Old Ge tribe leader spoke meaningfully.


 Ge Guang fell into deep silence, after a long while, he said: "So that is why father gave the precious hints and clues Gu to Chang Shan Yin. It is to mend our relationship with him, so that he would side with us?"


 Old Ge tribe leader nodded: "You are finally learning. Son, although you have outstanding aptitude, and high cultivation, you are still far from being the new Ge tribe leader."


 "Father, it is great to have you around. I will have to learn more from you, Ge tribe can lose anybody but you father." Ge Guang said in admiration.


 Ge tribe leader shook his head: "Time waits for no man, I am already old, Ge tribe is counting on you. Sigh... after this matter, I have understood Man Tu. He is a greedy jackal, no matter how much his wealth is, he would never be satisfied."


 "Now that your sister is gone, we have no excuses left to use Hong Yan valley. But we cannot disband and join Man tribe right? Ge tribe cannot go extinct like this, otherwise I will be the greatest sinner of our tribe! After this night, I have already learnt that we cannot stay here any longer, otherwise we will definitely be devoured by Man tribe. A few days later, we will depart for the heroes assembly."


 "Father, if we leave like this, will they let us go so easily?" Ge Guang was worried as he asked.


 "Of course they are not willing to let us go, but we are travelling with Chang Shan Yin. Man Tu is wary of Chang Shan Yin, he would not strike." Ge tribe leader snickered.


 "But, we are making use of senior Chang Shan Yin like this, isn’t that..." Ge Guang was apprehensive.


 "You fool! Why would we not make use of him? What’s wrong with that? A good hunter makes full use of his surroundings. When we have insufficient strength, we use knowledge to supplement it. This is all for the survival of the clan!"


 After Ge tribe leader scolded, he stopped and showed a complex expression: "But this Chang Shan Yin is truly a legendary heroic character... he might’ve already understood the situation, yet he still chose to side with us. Such a righteous and upright person, choosing to assist the weak, he is truly the role model of the righteous path, the light of the people. Son, rejoice, we Ge tribe actually met such a person!"


 ...


 Time passed quickly, a few days went by.


 Inside the room, Fang Yuan held his bone bamboo Gu as the ghost fire burnt it completely, breathing out heavily: "This is the final bone bamboo Gu."


 These days, he worked hard and used up all hundred of the bone bamboo Gu in the gift box.


 After his treatment, eight of battle bone wheel’s most severe wounds were healed. Now, although the wheel was still covered in injuries and cracks, it had left the emergency stage.


 Sending the battle bone wheel back to the aperture, Fang Yuan started to inspect his aperture.


 He had rank four peak stage cultivation.


 Thus, his aperture walls were in the form of transparent crystals. His primeval sea was at ninety percent full, all of it was true gold primeval essence.


 But Fang Yuan had just arrived in northern plains, before he adapted to the environment, his true gold primeval essence was only at the initial stage light gold primeval essence.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s cultivation was not progressing. Using light gold primeval essence, I cannot breakthrough the aperture walls and become a rank five Gu Master.


 "To accelerate my adaptation, there are ways to do so, most commonly, it is to use the third watch Gu, to accelerate my own time. But that way, the Gu Master’s lifespan will also be shortened proportionally.


 Such a measure that pursued quick success was not acceptable to Fang Yuan.


 It was not because he treasured his lifespan, but because of Spring Autumn Cicada.


 If Fang Yuan used third watch Gu on himself, the river of time on him will flow three times faster. That way, the Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery will also be three times as fast.


 Other than his vital Gu and fixed immortal travel Gu in poison grassland, Fang Yuan still had multiple Gu worms.


 Among them were two rank five Gu from northern plains.


 One was battle bone wheel, it was recovering and could not be used in the meantime.


 The other was hints and clues Gu, it could be used to scout or track people.


 "Ge tribe still had some foundations, they actually had a rank five hints and clues Gu. This Gu can be used to track Gu worms, it is used to capture wild Gu worms to prevent them from escaping. Unfortunately, even though Ge tribe leader had this Gu worm, he did not dare to search for his own daughter."


 Towards the conflict between Ge tribe and Man tribe, Fang Yuan was clear as day.


 Man Tu’s third son Man Duo had great ambition, he wanted the tribe leader position, but because of his low cultivation, he wanted to have Ge tribe. After marrying Ge Yao, and making Ge tribe related to him through his wife, they would be able to fight for the tribe leader position.


 Man Tu was not necessarily ignorant of his son’s intentions, but he was very interested in devouring Ge tribe.


 Meanwhile, Ge tribe wanted to use the marriage to sacrifice Ge Yao in exchange for Hong Yan valley, to survive the once in ten years great blizzard, and get through this difficulty.


 Ge tribe naturally did not want to dissolve, but Man tribe wanted to gain the benefits of absorbing them without facing any consequences.


 After Ge Yao escaped, Man tribe used this excuse to turn on them, in fact, they might have even caused Ge Guang’s incident.


 As long as they killed Ge tribe’s father and son, Ge tribe would be leaderless, and they would fall into chaos, easily taken over by Man tribe.


 Ge Guang was ignorant and naive, but old Ge tribe leader was experienced and wise, he knew the circumstances they were in, and found out that he was unable to satisfy Man Tu’s greed, but at this point, they had no way out, thus he controlled himself and stayed inside the tribe, not giving Man tribe a chance to strike.


 Chang Shan Yin’s arrival gave Ge tribe hopes of getting out of this problem.


 When old Ge tribe leader found out Fang Yuan’s identity as Chang Shan Yin, he thought of using him. Thus, he attended to Fang Yuan warmly and even gave a million primeval stones as a gift.


 Next, he did well, using Chang Shan Yin’s power to contest with Man tribe.


 At that moonlight banquet, it might have looked like a cosy gathering, but the three sides were competing, danger was lurking at every corner, and everyone was hiding their lethal weapons.


 The result was —


 Man tribe suffered a setback, not only did they fail to deal with Ge tribe, they even lost the excuse that they had, Ge Yao. But they did not lose, they were still the strongest among the three.


 Ge tribe used Chang Shan Yin, making use of his reputation to protect their tribe, surviving this crisis. Even though they succeeded, they were still at the weaker position.


 As for Fang Yuan, he pretended to be ignorant, using the two sides and their conflict to achieve his goal of spreading his name, while benefiting from their competition and strengthening himself.


 Man is the spirit of all beings, when humans competed, it was not simply through fights and killing. Even in this primitive and open northern plains, knowledge and schemes was still used to compete..


 As for Ge Yao...


 This innocent young girl was only a sacrifice for the two tribe’s political struggle.


 In fact, according to Fang Yuan’s personal guess, Ge Yao’s escape was unnatural, she was able to get out of the tightly secured Ge tribe camp, mostly likely the old Ge tribe leader had arranged for it in an attempted to probe Man tribe. But accidents always happened in reality, plans cannot keep up with changes, Man tribe’s eldest son or second son might’ve struck, afraid of Man Duo gaining power, hoping that Ge Yao would die. Anyway, after Ge Yao escaped to poison grassland and met Fang Yuan, the series of events unfolded.


 Shaking his head, Fang Yuan cleared these guesses out of his mind: "The basis of any scheme is power. Why did Man tribe not attack Ge tribe directly, that is because they were not a super tribe but a large tribe only, they had limited strength. Why was Ge tribe able to stay safe until now, not just because of me, but also because of their foundation as a former large tribe. If old Ge tribe leader had rank five cultivation, he might’ve used hints and clues Gu long ago."


 "No matter which world, strength is the foundation for everything. But now, the astute Ge tribe leader might be planning to migrate his tribe again. To deal with the ten year blizzard, he might need to borrow the imperial court’s power!"



***
Chapter 450: Measuring the stature of great men by the yardstick of small men


***





 Chapter 450: Measuring the stature of great men by the yardstick of small men


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 What happened next was all according to Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Just a day later, Ge tribe leader visited Fang Yuan, saying he had thought it through, he did not want to stay in Hong Yan valley, but instead wanted to migrate the entire tribe, to participate in the heroes assembly and fighting for a place in the imperial court.


 Fang Yuan knew old Ge tribe leader’s intentions, it was to make use of Chang Shan Yin once more to get free of Man tribe’s control.


 Fang Yuan agreed immediately, if he was to travel on the grassland alone, it would be troublesome. With the accompaniment of Ge tribe, the risks would be much lower, and he would have a layer of protection.


 "Brother Ge is wise, but we cannot wait anymore, we should leave as soon as possible. Once we make a move, I’m sure Man tribe would notice immediately." Fang Yuan reminded.


 Old Ge tribe leader’s heart shook, just hearing this sentence, he knew Chang Shan Yin was aware of what was happening.


 Fang Yuan continued: "I had originally promised Man tribe to visit them. But since Ge tribe is relocating, to play safe, I will not go to them. Just say that I had felt my cultivation returning during these few days and have gone into closed cultivation. I will write a letter now, I will have to trouble brother to find someone to send it over for me."


 If Ge tribe did not relocate, then Fang Yuan would have no issues visiting Man tribe.


 But if Ge tribe wanted to leave, Man tribe would not let go of them. Man tribe is worried about Ge tribe and Chang Shan Yin cooperating, they might even hold him captive, to deal with Ge tribe separately.


 Earlier, when Ge Guang was attacked by the wind wolves, it was most likely done by Man tribe. Man tribe was after all part of the righteous faction, to prevent rumors from spreading, they would not kill Chang Shan Yin, but Ge tribe was too alluring, they could use all sorts of reasons to place Chang Shan Yin under house arrest, that was something they could do.


 After old Ge tribe leader heard Fang Yuan’s words, he looked at him deeply and stood up, bowing: "Standing before brother, my wisdom is nothing. I was muddleheaded earlier, brother has a clear picture of the current situation."


 "Hehehe, as someone involved in this contest, it is easy for you to be misled, that is normal, do not worry about it. As long as we leave this area, Ge tribe would be free!" Fang Yuan consoled old Ge tribe leader as he wrote a letter and handed it to Ge tribe leader.


 "Brother Ge, I have to cultivate, I will not send you off."


 "Today, I will start the preparations for moving off, the letter will definitely be sent, goodbye."


 Old Ge tribe leader took the letter and left the room.


 After he returned to his tent, he called the elders for a meeting and gave the instructions to prepare for migration.


 After Ge Yao’s supposed marriage, Ge tribe elders have a terrible impression of Man tribe, they praised this ingenious decision.


 After Ge tribe father and son returned to their study room, old Ge tribe leader opened Fang Yuan’s letter immediately.


 "Father, isn’t this a bit..." Ge Guang felt embarrassed.


 "Heh, let father teach you another lesson today. This is the letter Chang Shan Yin wrote to Man Tu, but he did not use a letter Gu, why do you think that is so?" Old Ge tribe leader snickered.


 "Because he doesn’t have a letter Gu? No, if he wants to use it, he can borrow it from us." Ge Guang thought about it, as his eyes flashed: "That mean, this is intentional?"


 "Hehehe, that’s right. The reason why he is sending a normal letter is so that we can see it. Ge tribe is about to migrate, next we will travel together, this letter is to display his intention to cooperate with us along the journey. Come here, we will look at this together." Saying so, Old Ge tribe leader unsealed the letter.


 The content in the letter was very simple, it explained that Fang Yuan needed time to recover his cultivation through closed cultivation. He expressed great regret for not being able to visit Man tribe, and he would definitely make up for it in the future.


 Next, he wanted to purchase bone bamboo Gu from Man tribe, saying that he will pay 120% of the market price for them. At the same time, he wrote a large number of Gu refinement materials, as well as Gu worms like third watch Gu, hoping they could have a transaction.


 "Oh, so uncle Chang Shan Yin needed these Gu worms. Father, I think we should try and give them to him, after all, he has helped us so much." Ge Guang said.


 Old Ge tribe leader stared at this letter, his eyes shining brilliantly as a chill emerged in his heart.


 This battle between Ge tribe and Man tribe was mostly through hidden schemes, they did not fall out with each other on the surface, this was the rule of the righteous path that had to be adhered to.


 They sacrificed many people, one of Ge tribe’s elder died after being challenged by Man Duo, and Ge Yao also died in poison grassland. Other than that, many Gu Masters became the wolves’ food.


 In this contest, be it Man tribe or Ge tribe, neither of them were winners. Man tribe did not achieve their aims, and Ge tribe also had many sacrifices.


 However, there was one person who benefited completely.


 This person was ’Chang Shan Yin’.


 Look at it this way, when ’Chang Shan Yin’ left poison grassland, he was empty handed, without a proper set of Gu worms, but now?


 In this hidden battle, he earned till his pockets were full, having over a million primeval stones as gains, not to mention the rank five hints and clues Gu.


 Ge tribe leader suddenly understood: Ge tribe was making use of Chang Shan Yin, but was Chang Shan Yin not making use of them as well? Chang Shan Yin might seem like he was trapped between two tribes, forced into their political strife, and attracted problems for himself unnecessarily. But the truth was, neither of them wanted to offend him, thus he gained benefits from both sides!


 "We do not need to prepare these for Chang Shan Yin. Man tribe will send these things over, in fact, they might even give these to him for free." Ge tribe leader heaved a sigh as he tried to expel that cold feeling in his heart.


 "Huh?" Ge Guang was shocked: "How is that possible? Uncle Chang Shan Yin is evidently helping us, is Man tribe so stupid?"


 "Someone in a high position sees things differently. What is the value of these things? Merely a few hundred primeval stones, it is nothing to Man tribe. Using these goods to gain the friendship of an expert, isn’t that a good deal? Have you thought about how much we gave Chang Shan Yin already?"


 Ge Guang immediately thought of the million primeval stones and the rank five hints and clues Gu.


 Ge tribe leader sighed deeply, there was another meaning to this, but it was still too early for Ge Guang to comprehend.


 Why did Chang Shan Yin want to deal with Man tribe?


 He was not making a deal, he was establishing a relationship with them! Using this, Chang Shan Yin expressed to Man tribe that although he went back on his word and did not visit Man tribe, he was not their enemy despite being at Ge tribe. He did not want to be enemies with Man tribe, in fact he wanted to be friends, thus, they could undergo transactions.


 Man Tu was not a fool, he would understand what Chang Shan Yin was trying to express in his letter, his goodwill. If Man tribe rejected this deal, that would be rejecting Fang Yuan’s kindness. If they sold the goods according to their price, this would show an indifferent attitude. If they gifted the goods to Fang Yuan, that would mean Man tribe was accepting this kindness, and was willing to be friends with Chang Shan Yin.


 This deal was not important, the underlying meaning was.


 Such a hidden and implicit communication method was something the righteous path higher-ups often did.


 Ge tribe leader suddenly had a flash of inspiration, thinking: "This Chang Shan Yin, the reason why he is helping Ge tribe might not be due to his righteous nature. But because he can have the greatest benefits by siding with us."


 Man tribe was huge and powerful, having a Chang Shan Yin was only adding icing on the cake. But Ge tribe was weak, with Chang Shan Yin, it was simply a great asset as he had the ability to stabilize the power balance between the two.


 With this thought, old Ge tribe leader shuddered, the coldness in his heart became thicker, almost freezing his bones.


 The old tribe leader subconsciously rejected this thought: "If Chang Shan Yin is such a scheming person despite being a hero of this magnitude, would there still be righteousness and light in this world? I am simply measuring the stature of great men by the yardstick of small men."


 Three days later.


 Man tribe’s father and son stood on the mound, watching Ge tribe leave towards the south.


 "Lord father... there is something I don’t understand, I would like to ask father." Man Duo asked.


 "Speak."


 "You gave the things mentioned in the letter to Chang Shan Yin for free, I understand the meaning of that. But why did you also give Ge tribe a thousand and five hundred tonnes of provisions. Not only is our prey escaping, we even have to supply them, this..." Man Duo felt indignant.


 Man Tu’s expression was solemn, looking at the leaving Ge tribe, he said: "Man Hao, explain."


 Elder Man Hao who was standing at the side laughed as he explained: "No need to worry third young master, lord tribe leader had planned this long ago. Ge tribe is dreaming if they want to leave so easily, there are a large number of wolf lure Gu inside the provisions, at the same time, we have tribesmen ahead, with three myriad wolf groups waiting in ambush for them."


 "So that’s it!" Man Duo understood at once: "Father is wise, once Ge tribe is unable to resist the wolf pack, our tribe will move out and save them, assimilating them using this chance. In future, if anyone suspects us, father can use this thousand and a half tonnes of provisions to show his sincerity and magnanimity, it will shut those suspicious people up. But..."


 Towards the end, Man Duo was hesitant.


 Man Hao sighed, saying: "But this way, Ge tribe would suffer great losses, and the gains of our tribe from taking over Ge tribe would be far less. In fact, we might even have to invest an amount of resources to take care of the injured."


 But Man Duo shook his head, Man Hao’s concerns were not the same as him: "Ge tribe has that Chang Shan Yin, he is hailed as the Wolf King, can these wolves stop him?"


 Man Tu started frowning.


 Man Duo expressed his own worry, he had such thoughts as well.


 But Ge tribe left too quickly, Man tribe was part of the righteous path, they could not act recklessly, in this short period, they could only gather three myriad wolf groups.


 If Ge tribes survives this assault, Man tribe can only watch them leave. But if they suffer great losses during the process, Man tribe would have the excuse to send ’reinforcements’.


 The greatest uncertainty in this plan was Chang Shan Yin.


 "Don’t worry third young master, although this Chang Shan Yin is known as the Wolf King, that is over twenty years ago. His current cultivation is only rank four initial stage, and during the banquet, we checked secretly, his soul is no longer thousand man soul but has dropped to hundred man soul." Man Hao spoke with disdain.


 "Hehe, even if he is the Wolf King, he is only a weak and barely surviving Old Wolf King. Moreover, what trump cards does he have? Only a thousand wind wolves and a thousand poison beard wolves, and a thousand water wolves. Hahaha, against three ten thousand wolf groups, what can his wolves do? The way I see it, his reputation will be ruined soon enough. We can prepare to devour Ge tribe already."


 Man Duo did not rebuke him, but said: "Hopefully so."



***
Chapter 451: Turtleback Wolf Group


***





 Chapter 451: Turtleback Wolf Group


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Urgent report! A large group of turtleback wolves has appeared three thousand li ahead. They have a huge number, estimated to be a group of ten thousand wolves!" Ge tribe’s investigative Gu Master came running over and reported to Ge tribe leader.


 Ge tribe leader’s expression turned solemn and waved his hand to the Gu Master: "Investigate it again."


 Not long earlier, he had already received a letter Gu from investigative Gu Masters. But often in the battlefield, to prevent the letter Gu from being cut off by the enemies, investigative Gu Masters would come over to personally deliver the message.


 "Turtleback wolf is the wolf species with the strongest defense. Ten thousand of these wolves will be a difficult bone to chew."


 "We have already ordered Gu Masters to lure them, but there has been no results. This wolf group is heading towards us."


 "Hmph, how long has it been since we started migrating? It seems Man tribe doesn’t want to let us go...."


 "Fortunately, these wolves are not fast which leaves us time to arrange our formation."


 Ge tribe’s elders made comments one after another.


 In the chaotic northern plains, none of the Gu Masters that could climb to a high position was a fool. Right now, all the elders had already realized the truth.


 Most of Ge tribe’s troops had already halted their movements and formed into a circular formation. Large number of Gu Masters were nervously using Gu worms to erect high walls, archer towers and many layers of defense.


 The higher-ups of the Ge tribe were overseeing the situation from the central tent.


 "Son." Ge tribe leader softly called.


 "Father, I am here." Ge Guang immediately answered.


 "Invite Lord Chang Shan Yin to come over." At this battle which concerned the survival of the tribe, Ge tribe leader was not willing to let go of any battle strength.


 "Yes." Ge Guang bowed and left; he had just walked of the main tent when he saw Fang Yuan.


 "Uncle." Ge Guang greeted cheerfully.


 Fang Yuan nodded his head, directly walking towards him and said in a slightly urgent tone: "I know about the wolf group’s invasion. How is the situation?"


 "We have about eight minutes before the wolf group reaches. Since our relocation, to prevent Man tribe from playing tricks, father had assigned light cavalries to scout a distance of six hundred li !" Ge Guang followed Fang Yuan and reported to him from the side.


 The two walked inside the main tent which was situation on a mound.


 The mound had already been raised by using Gu worms; the higher-ups of Ge tribe had excellent field of view from the mound.


 This was because they encountered the wolf group. If they had ran into the eagle or owl group, they would have dug a tunnel. Different methods dealt with different situations.


 Seeing Fang Yuan, the Ge tribe higher-ups hurriedly greeted him. The atmosphere here was tense like a storm was brewing.


 "Our Ge tribe is really fortunate to have brother Wolf King to help us, I can be at ease." Ge tribe leader sighed and spoke with gratitude.


 "Hehehe, the fate between me and the Ge tribe is not shallow. Friends should help each other when they walk the same path! How is the situation?" Fang Yuan asked.


 "Please take a look." Ge tribe leader led Fang Yuan towards a table where there was a sheepskin which had a map drawn on it. He pointed towards it and introduced the surrounding terrain, Ge tribe’s defensive lines and wolf group’s movement.


 "Sir has arranged it properly, there is nothing wrong." Fang Yuan first praised, then pointed towards a mark on the map.


 Everyone’s gaze followed his finger; it was a river beside their camp.


 "Since there is such a danger area, why don’t you use it for defense?" Fang Yuan proposed.


 "Brother might not know yet, we have already thought of it, but most of the troops have slow movement and it will be too late by the time we reach the river, set up a camp again and arrange new defensive lines." Ge tribe leader gave a bitter smile.


 For the tribe’s migration, most of the tribesmen were using big stomach horses. However, due to many things being stored in the big stomach horses, their speed was slow.


 Ge tribe’s Gu Masters could quickly reach the riverside on the hump wolves. But most of the mortals would fall behind and once the wolf group arrived, all the mortals might be annihilated.


 Without mortals, how could there be any future new Gu Masters in any tribes? Mortals were the cornerstone of all tribes.


 However, Fang Yuan gave a bright smile: "Brother, I am also a northern plainsmen, I naturally know this. We are not able to go to the riverside, but we can let the river come to us."


 The Ge tribe’s higher-ups’ eyes brightened at these words.


 "Right, we can dig a canal and draw in the river to help us defend."


 "Turtleback wolves have heavy bodies and are unable to swim; once they fall into the river, they will sink to the bottom and drown to death."


 "Lord tribe leader, send the command quickly!"


 Ge tribe leader also directly sent the command: "I command Ge Cui, Ge Xiang, and Ge Mi to lead the first, seventh and eighteenth troop respectively, immediately stop all current tasks and go to the riverside to dig a canal. As for the third, fifth and the sixteenth troop, you shall take over the unfinished tasks of first, seventh and eighteenth troop."


 "Yes!" The investigative Gu Master outside the tent immediately received the order.


 Several breaths later, three letter Gu flew out separately towards distant locations.


 "Fortunately, brother was here to guide us out of this bewilderment." The old tribe leader greeted Fang Yuan again with a grateful expression that came from the depths of his heart.


 Just relying on this suggestion from Fang Yuan, they could preserve around a hundred Gu Masters and even could reduce the casualties.


 He is the Wolf King after all...


 Instantly, all the Ge tribe’s elders’ gaze towards Fang Yuan faintly changed into that of praise and admiration.


 During this tense and busy period, time passed quickly.


 Investigative Gu Masters came to the camp one after another to report the position of the wolf group. At the same time, they had also clearly scouted the numbers of the turtleback wolves.


 Over thirty-eight thousand!


 When the wolf group was only eight hundred li away from the camp, Ge tribe leader began to call back the investigative Gu Masters orderly.


 By the time the wolf group reached five hundred li away from the camp, the canal was formed and the river water was drawn in.


 When they reached three hundred li , three defensive lines finished forming and combat troops were deployed urgently. The support and logistics Gu Masters in charge of the construction retreated one after another, using primeval stones to quickly recover their primeval essence. They did not dare to relax for even a moment. When the battlefront was unable to endure, they would have to go as reinforcements.


 At a hundred li away, everyone could see a large number of ghostly shadows of the wolves in the horizon.


 In the main tent, eight investigative Gu were activated; smoke rose and could be seen from all directions.


 Turtleback wolf group was mainly coming from the northern side. At the same time, there were also a lot of wolves coming from the northeast and southeast.


 As the wolf group neared closer and closer, all the mortals could see them clearly.


 Turtleback wolves possessed broad physique, their whole body was dark-green and had dark-blue eyes. On their back was a shell like that of a turtle.


 This shell was very heavy and about one-third of a turtleback wolf’s weight was due to it. Apart from defensive purpose, it could also store nutrition just like camels.


 The charging of a few tens of thousands of wolves caused the ground to start shaking.


 Fang Yuan walked out of the main tent and gazed at the grassland only to see large numbers of wolves moving on the ground. He then looked at the camp below; the Ge tribesmen were moving about busily without disorder, it was a normal thing to encounter beast attacks in northern plains. Thus, whether it were Gu Masters or mortals, they had cultivated a strong mind.


 The first defensive line at the north was the first to meet the attack.


 "Fight!" A Gu Master leader who was watching from a tower shouted loudly and threw a wind blade.


 Soon after, the surrounding Gu Masters also began to make their moves.


 A row of wind blades flew far, cutting over dozens of turtleback wolves instantly.


 When the wolf group reached closer, the Gu Masters abandoned the wind blades and used the more powerful fire Gu, lightning Gu and so on.


 For a moment, countless colorful lights burst out in the battlefield, like simultaneously fired fireworks. Human shouts, furious wolf howls and the piercing sound from the wind blades formed into a medley of sounds.


 The wolf group’s offensive was like a rain that came unceasingly, and succeeded in charging over. They first came across the earth walls.


 The earth walls were thick, and their foundation had been reinforced with copper and iron.


 Countless turtleback wolves were badly bruised when they smashed against these earth walls and even died on the spot.


 However, the wolf group advanced wave upon wave, some trampled upon the corpses and leapt high, while some clawed the earth walls to pierce through.


 Next, the defensive lines at the south east and north east also entered the battlefield.


 Shouting resounded all over the sky and casualties began to appear. Healing Gu Masters began to show their worth.


 Because they had made sufficient preparations, the whole Ge tribe was moving very orderly.


 "Look, it is a myriad wolf king!" Someone shouted while pointing at a certain direction.


 Everyone immediately followed the voice and looked.


 This turtleback myriad wolf king was enormous, even ten times the size of a normal turtleback wolf was slightly inferior to it. Its tyrannical aura manifested as it crouched on the ground and howled, commanding the wolf group to divide.


 Turtleback wolf group divided into five to six groups and began to circle around the Ge tribe camp, searching for a hole in the defense.


 Like this, Ge tribe was surrounded by wolves from every directions, and battle unfolded everywhere.


 On a nameless hill outside of the battlefield, a group of man tribesmen were using Gu worms to conceal themselves and were using investigative Gu to observe the situation.


 "The battle has started!" Man Hao smiled, taking joy in Ge tribe’s calamity.


 "Ge tribe actually channeled the river through a canal, Ge tribe leader is truly an old fox! But, there are over thirty thousand turtleback wolves, even if Ge tribe is able to resist them, they would suffer serious losses." Man Hong smiled coldly.


 His appearance was strikingly similar to the tribe leader Man Tu; he was Man Tu’s eldest son and had a cultivation of rank three middle stage.


 "Young tribe leader is right. Even if Ge tribe can block the first wave of the wolf group, there is still the second wave and also third wave." Man Hao flattered.


 Although Man Hong was the eldest son, but he was still not truly the young tribe leader. However, Man Hao had already pledged his allegiance to Man Hong and was his zealous supporter; he called Man Hong as young tribe leader, it was a flattery and also his expectation.


 "Young tribe leader?" Man Hong did not refute and instead nodded his head, "Father has given this important task to me, I will be establishing great merits by finishing this and might indeed be a young tribe leader when we return to the tribe. Unfortunately, that sneaky brat Man Duo did not come over, otherwise I could borrow the strength of others and conveniently get rid of that sinister brat!"


 "Man Duo might be somewhat intelligent, but his aptitude is lacking and he is simply not young tribe leader’s match. Look, hundred wolf kings have made their move!" Man Hao said.


 Hundred beast kings had rank two Gu worms residing in their bodies, and were very strong. Their appearance immediately caused the pressure on the Ge tribe’s frontline forces to increase greatly. The number of casualties increased sharply, and 2 to 3 hundred wolf kings smashed the earth walls and pierced through the Ge tribe’s defense.


 "Hehehe." Looking at the Ge tribe’s Gu Masters dying one after another, Man Hong showed a pleased, sinister smile.


 This ignorant bunch of fools actually did not join Man tribe, now weren’t they suffering their just desserts?


 "Hmm?" Man Hong’s smile stiffened; through the investigative Gu worm, he saw a wolf enslavement Gu entering a hundred wolf king.


 It immediately changed its alignment and let out a howl, causing the wolves beside it to fall into chaos.


 Soon after, these turtleback wolves followed the wolf king towards the Ge tribe’s camp and gathered under a Gu Master.


 Man Hong narrowed his eyes and looked at this Gu Master: "Could this person be the Wolf King, Chang Shan Yin?"


 "Yes, young tribe leader." Man Hao confirmed.


 Man Hong scoffed: "Father said he was the greatest uncertainty. Let me see what ability he has!"



***
Chapter 452: Intense Battle (1\/3)


***





 Chapter 452: Intense Battle (1/3)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Look there, it is the great hero of northern plains, Chang Shan Yin!"


 "Chang Shan Yin struck, he truly is spectacular!"


 The camp was cheering.


 Not only Man tribe, but even Ge tribe Gu Masters were looking at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had just tested his skills, subduing a hundred wolf king and instantly made several hundred turtleback wolves part of his force, it turned this battlefield into a safe zone.


 "Chang Shan Yin..." High up on the mound, old Ge tribe leader looked at Fang Yuan’s back view as he muttered.


 In everyone’s mind, there was one question — The former Wolf King, the genius of northern plains, how much battle strength did he have left now?


 Fang Yuan looked at the tens of thousands of turtleback wolves in front of him with an earnest gaze.


 In other people’s perspective, these wolves were a threat, but in Fang Yuan’s eyes, these were presents sent to him.


 He was worried about not having enough wolves in his group, but if he could subdue these wolf kings, his battle strength would surge!


 At this time, it was a clear blue sky as sunlight shone down, vision was clear as the battle was ongoing.


 Ge tribe had prepared sufficiently, having three earth walls to defend them, and also built water canals to divide the incoming wolves into segments, preventing them from encircling the Gu Masters, this was a terrain advantage.


 Looking at themselves, Ge tribe’s Gu Masters were defending with young tribe leader Ge Guang leading, they were extremely safe. Ge tribe were united in defending against the wolf groups, their hearts were as one, this was the most favourable condition.


 "If I travelled alone, I would have to run away from a beast group of such a grand scale. But now, all the conditions were perfect for me! This is a godsend opportunity placed in front of me, how can I not make full use of it?"


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan laughed cheerfully, his battle intent rose as he said to the people: "Everyone, come with me!"


 Ge Guang and the others responded.


 Under Fang Yuan’s lead, the Gu Masters started to move their formation, going to another area of the battlefield.


 Bam!


 A tall arrow tower fell onto the ground, smashed into pieces.


 The culprit behind this roared loudly as it battled a dozen rank two Gu Masters around it.


 This was a hundred wolf king.


 At this point, all the wolves around it had died, it was battle alone fiercely.


 The surrounding Gu Masters used their Gu worms to attack from a distance, trapping it as they whittled away its life slowly.


 On the battlefield, there were three Gu Master corpses.


 At this point, Fang Yuan and the others ride their hump wolves and arrived.


 "Wolf enslavement Gu, Go!" Fang Yuan pointed with his finger and the rank two wolf enslavement Gu turned into a light smoke, landing on this hundred wolf king’s body.


 The wolf king howled angrily, unwilling to be enslaved, resisting with all its energy.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone as he suppressed it with his hundred man soul!


 The wolf king whimpered as the smoke settled into its body, turning it into Fang Yuan’s personal pet instantly.


 The hundred wolf king sprawled on the ground, keeping its claws and teeth as its body was covered in injuries, oozing with blood.


 "Healing Gu Master." Fang Yuan instructed, and a Gu Master walked out from behind him, activating his Gu worm and healing this hundred wolf king.


 "This goddamn beast! He killed my brother!" A young Gu Master who had entered battle still wanted to attack.


 "Ge Can!" Ge Guang shouted, staring at this person.


 The young Gu Master’s neck stiffened as he walked to the hundred wolf king, kicking it fiercely, but did not try to kill it.


 Next, he covered his face and cried, sobbing uncontrollably.


 The surrounding Gu Masters felt a strong resonance with him.


 After the young Gu Master cried for a while, he raised his head, wiping his tears as he said: "Go, let’s continue killing wolves!"


 "Alright!"


 "Let’s follow brother Ge Can."


 This ordinary small group entered the battlefield again.


 "Let’s go to the next stop." Fang Yuan continued to move ahead.


 At the northwest area, three hundred wolf kings broke through the earth walls and ravaging the line of defense.


 Fang Yuan quickly arrived: "I am Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, all Gu Masters listen to my instructions."


 With Ge Guang beside him, he successfully gained the commanding rights.


 "These three hundred wolf kings, what are their respective Gu worms?" Fang Yuan asked.


 Immediately someone reported.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone as he split the people into three groups.


 "Group one will lure the left hundred wolf king, and bring it to the second line of defense." Fang Yuan instructed.


 "Bring it there?" A Gu Master was shocked, expressing his concern.


 Fang Yuan stared at him fiercely: "I said bring it over, so do as I say. This is an order!"


 "Yes!"


 "Group two, restrict the wolf king on the right, make sure you destroy its defensive Gu."


 "Yes!"


 "Group three, follow me." Fang Yuan waved his hand and entered the battlefield personally.


 After a bit of battle, he used the wolf enslavement Gu.


 The light smoke was about to land, when this wolf king shot out a flame that burnt the smoke away.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold, he felt heartache losing this rank two wolf enslavement Gu.


 Ge Guang scolded: "Why did it still have a firelight Gu?"


 "Please forgive me young tribe leader, this is the first time this Gu has been used!’ The subordinate quickly reported.


 "Ge Guang, you are in charge of this firelight Gu, use all methods you have, I will come back shortly." Fang Yuan saw that this wolf king could not be handled in the meantime, thus he gave his instructions and passed the trouble to others. Meanwhile, he swapped his target to another wolf king, using a wolf enslavement Gu.


 This wolf king’s defensive Gu worms was already destroyed by Gu Masters, without any accidents, Fang Yuan easily captured it.


 When he turned around, Ge Guang already created trees and sealed this hundred wolf king’s mouth with vines, it could not shoot out any more flames.


 "Good job." Fang Yuan praised as he used a wolf enslavement Gu.


 The hundred wolf king watched the light smoke enter its body, after a mild resistance, it lost to the hundred man soul, becoming another one of Fang Yuan’s pet.


 After keeping these two hundred wolf kings, Fang Yuan turned around and captured the hundred wolf king at the second line of defense as well.


 In just a short time, Fang Yuan divided the three hundred wolf kings up, and captured them one by one, resolving this crisis.


 Everyone was amazed, they continue following behind Fang Yuan, listening to his commands. Eventually, they realised that as long as they followed his commands, they would result in the least injuries or deaths possible.


 "This Chang Shan Yin has some skills." Outside the battlefield, eldest son Man Hong used his investigative Gu worm to watch Fang Yuan’s performance, his expression sinking.


 "His soul is a hundred man soul, it is not hard to subdue these hundred wolf kings. But just this cannot change the situation. It will depend on his wolf manipulation skill!" Man Hao consoled at the side.


 "Mmm..."


 Fang Yuan sat on the ground directly, holding two primeval stones as he recovered his primeval essence.


 Activating wolf enslavement Gu did not expend much primeval essence, but most importantly, it was the burden on his soul.


 Fang Yuan subdued hundred wolf kings one after another, he used his hundred man soul to suppress the wolf kings. After the competition between souls, Fang Yuan’s soul became more impatient and impulsive, while the annoyed feeling in his heart intensified.


 If he left this symptom alone, he might develop dizziness, or worse his soul might get damaged, losing his memories or lowering his intelligence.


 Fang Yuan closed his eyes and mediated, calming his mind and soothing his soul.


 After resting for a while, the hundred man soul stabilized, all his negative emotions vanished into thin air!


 "Everyone, continue following me on our conquest." Fang Yuan rode on his hump wolf as Ge Guang and the others followed.


 Like this, after moving around the battlefield for a while, Fang Yuan subdued three hundred wolf kings, and eight hundred ordinary turtleback wolves.


 Howl!


 Fang Yuan’s actions angered a thousand wolf king.


 Seeing his subordinates surrender to an enemy, this thousand wolf king howled as it led the wolf group towards Fang Yuan, attacking fiercely.


 A thousand beast king could control thousands of wild beasts, while also having several hundred beasts kings under it.


 There were rank three Gu worms in its body, ignoring the wolf group, at least three cooperative Gu Master groups were needed to kill one thousand beast king. If there were three rank three Gu Masters, they could barely match evenly with it.


 Seeing the thousand beast king charging over, Ge Guang and the others’ expression changed. They were mostly rank two elites, only Ge Guang was a rank three Gu Master.


 "Don’t worry young tribe leader, we are here to give you a hand!" Just at this moment, three Ge tribe elders came over.


 Fang Yuan had made an agreement with Ge tribe higher-ups in the main tent, Ge tribe had to help out in this.


 "Hahaha, with your help, this wolf is as good as ours." Fang Yuan laughed heartily.


 An intense battle occured.


 This thousand wolf king attacked in a frenzy, it used its claws and teeth, and was even able to summon a wolf strength phantom. On the battlefield, it rampaged and moved about without restraints, attacking mercilessly.


 But on Fang Yuan’s side, they had greater strength. Four rank three Gu Masters, one rank four Gu Master, as well as a number of rank two elites.


 After two elders were mildly injured, Fang Yuan found a good opportunity and used a rank three wolf enslavement Gu.


 The rank three wolf enslavement Gu turned into a light smoke, much thicker than the rank two version, as it landed on the thousand wolf king.


 Fang Yuan used his hundred man soul to suppress it, and after a dozen breaths’ time, the light smoke succeeded and completely fused into the thousand wolf king’s soul.


 This was the first thousand beast king Fang Yuan subdued in this battle.


 After the thousand wolf king surrendered, the two hundred wolf kings and several thousand ordinary turtleback wolves under it also changed allegiance.


 Such a great number of turtleback wolves revolted and switched to Ge tribe’s faction, causing this part of the battlefield to cease battle.


 The entire wolf group only had around fifteen thousand wolf kings, but now one was taken by Fang Yuan.


 At this moment, even the myriad wolf king felt something amiss, it howled as a huge four-leaf windblade rotated and shot towards Fang Yuan.


 "Three claw water dragon Gu!" A clan elder shouted, pushing with his hands as a light blue water dragon crashed into the windblade, exploding and causing a small drizzle.


 "Fist stone Gu!" The second elder punched with his right fist, as a large rock was created in mid air, flying forward like a fist, but was shaved by the windblade.


 "Lightning web Gu!" The third elder shot out a large web made of lightning, covering the windblade.


 The windblade was weakened, after it was covered by the lightning web, it rotated furiously and cut the web open, but it was at its final moments. As it flew in the air, it slowly dissipated.


 Throughout the whole process, Fang Yuan did not do anything.


 Ge tribe’s Gu Masters were very protective of Fang Yuan, even if he was a rank four Gu Master that had higher cutlivation than them.


 Enslavement path Gu Masters’ lives were extremely important. Thus, when they battled, there were often Gu Masters in charge of protecting them.


 Ge tribe’s actions were not overly protective, it was just a norm of the Gu Master world.



***
Chapter 453: Intense Battle (2\/3)


***





 Chapter 453: Intense Battle (2/3)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Myriad wolf king’s attack caused all of Ge tribe to be nervous.


 Far away, Man Hong’s eyes brightened: "Is this myriad wolf king going to join the fight?"


 But soon, his gaze dimmed.


 After myriad wolf king failed in its attack, it did not make another attack and instead continued sitting at the rear while commanding the wolf group.


 A branch of a thousand wolf group moved over to fill the gap created due to the previous thousand wolf king’s surrender.


 Crimson flames burned all over this thousand wolf king and its nose let out thick black smoke from time to time.


 "A rank three self-ignition Gu." Fang Yuan recognized one of the Gu.


 With this Gu worm protecting the thousand wolf king, wolf enslavement Gu’s smoke would be burned off before it even landed.


 Fang Yuan’s eyelids twitched and he glanced at the far away myriad wolf king. Myriad wolf king also seemed to be staring back at him; when beasts evolves to myriad beast king stage, their intelligence would greatly surpass similar species, and this myriad wolf king was clearly indicating its decision to target Fang Yuan.


 "Ge Guang stay behind and cooperate with three elders to kill this wolf! As for the others, follow me." Fang Yuan turned around and walked; subduing this thousand wolf king was not an impossible matter, but it would be very troublesome and time consuming.


 This wolf was not suitable, so it was better to go to another. Anyway, the battlefield was so large, Fang Yuan did not believe all of them would have methods to suppress wolf enslavement Gu.


 Sure enough, he moved around to several places and reaped great harvests. In just about two hours, he subdued seventeen hundred wolf kings and two thousand wolf kings.


 Adding in all the wolves, Fang Yuan now had four thousand wolf kings, over thirty hundred wolf kings and ordinary wolves were already over eight thousand in number, nearing ten thousand.


 Most of them were all turtleback wolves, but there was also a thousand beast level wind wolf king. Among the hundred wolf kings, there were also poison beard wolf king, water wolf king and wind wolf king.


 With his actions, the military strength between the two sides in the battlefield was being equalized. A portion of the thirty thousand ten thousand wolf group was incorporated by Fang Yuan into his troop and adding in countless deaths, the wolf group only had about twenty thousand remaining now.


 The battle surged on like wildfire and Ge tribe leader eased his brows, seeing the hope of victory.


 "With Chang Shan Yin making his move, the pressure on my tribe’s troops has greatly decreased."


 "He is after all the legendary hero, his skills are truly exceptional!"


 "This is not strange, he is a rank four Gu Master, moreover he walks the enslavement path; such battlefields are his domain."


 All the elders praised and the atmosphere in the main tent became relaxed.


 "Don’t be careless, myriad wolf king still has not made its move, the outcome of this battle is yet to be certain." Ge tribe leader timely warned others.


 "Lord tribe leader is right, we can’t relax yet."


 "In my opinion, this myriad wolf king might not join the fight. The wolf group has suffered huge losses, it is normal for the wolf king to retreat in this situation."


 "Huh? Not good!"


 Just as they were talking of it, myriad wolf king suddenly let out a long howl. All the wolves in the battlefield simultaneously went into crazed offense when they heard this howl.


 Over twenty thousand turtleback wolves charged towards the camp without caring for their lives; for a moment, Ge tribe was caught off-guard and was utterly losing.


 "Order the frontline to quickly retreat to the second defensive line." Ge tribe leader immediately commanded.


 "The wolf group is making an all-out attack!" Ge Guang who was on the frontline paled.


 "Go help the Gu Masters to retreat, I will go back to the ranch to rest and organize, wait for my support." Fang Yuan’s expression was dark.


 "Lord, we have been ordered by the tribe leader to protect you." Some Gu Masters hesitated.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes and let out a sharp gaze; the Gu Masters where his gaze landed all lowered their head.


 "Ge Guang." Fang Yuan looked at the young tribe leader of Ge tribe.


 Ge Guang gritted his teeth: "I shall listen to uncle."


 He then waved his hand: "All of you follow me!"


 Fang Yuan returned to the ranch alone, surrounded by wolves.


 He gathered all the wolves together. With close to ten thousand wolves crowding together, this temporary ranch immediately felt narrow.


 Fang Yuan willed and a strong vigorous water wolf moved out of the wolf group.


 To ordinary people, this was a water wolf. But in Fang Yuan’s eyes, it was a white-eyes wolf.


 White-eyes wolf was a mutated beast, like Biao among tigers and lightning boar among boars. Every single ordinary adult mutated beasts would attract wild Gu worms and possessed the strength that could match myriad beast kings.


 However, this white-eyes wolf was still in infancy and had not matured yet. The fur on its whole body was like water and was dyed with a light blue color; the appearance of a common water wolf. But as long as people carefully observed it, they would discover its pupils was more white with little black, greatly differing from ordinary water wolves.


 When it completely reached adulthood, its pupils would become white. At the same time, its vision would be greatly magnified, comparable to some rank four investigative Gu and even at night, its vision would not be affected.


 Fang Yuan had accidentally discovered this white-eyes wolf in the market, and without making any suspicious movements, he bought all the water wolves.


 At present, this white-eyes wolf had already been planted with rank three wolf enslavement Gu by Fang Yuan. And to speed up its growth, he had used third watch Gu.


 This created a violent increase in the white-eyes wolf’s appetite, about thirteen times more than the ordinary water wolves. Also, its lifespan had shortened.


 "Go." Fang Yuan gave a command and this white-eyes wolf whose speed already surpassed that of the wind wolves, quickly moved out of the ranch towards the higher grounds.


 Wolf care Gu!


 Fang Yuan covered his right eye and only used his left eye to look at the white-eyes wolf. At the same time, he poured his primeval essence into Chang Shan Yin’s investigative Gu.


 Instantly, the scene in his left eye changed; as if he was overlooking the battlefield from a high ground.


 This was the ability of the wolf care Gu; it could share the sight of the specific wolf to the Gu Master’s eyes.


 Fang Yuan then opened his right eye, and two different scenes transmitted to his brain at the same time.


 His left eye showed the battlefield, letting him be clear on the situation; and his right eye showed the ranch where the wolves were crowded together.


 Fang Yuan summoned all the wolf kings and searched through the Gu worms in their body.


 If there were any rare Gu worms, Fang Yuan would take them so as to not let them be destroyed in the battlefield.


 Naturally, his main focus was the wolf enslavement Gu.


 Wolf enslavement Gu was a one time expendable Gu.


 To capture so many wolf kings, Fang Yuan had used up a lot of wolf enslavement Gu.


 Generally speaking, wolf kings would have corresponding wolf enslavement Gu on them.


 Sure enough, Fang Yuan got a rank three wolf enslavement Gu and five rank two wolf enslavement Gu from these wolf kings.


 As for other Gu worms, they were all ordinary with only one or two being better. But they could not catch Fang Yuan’s eyes, so he left them on the wolf kings to preserve their battle strength.


 Wolf smoke Gu!


 Fang Yuan activated this rank four healing Gu which was especially used to heal the injuries on wolves. Surging smoke enveloped the whole ranch for a long time.


 Fang Yuan’s primeval sea rapidly lowered to the bottom.


 The primeval essence consumption to heal so many wolves at once was very huge.


 When the primeval sea hit the bottom, Fang Yuan took out primeval stones and quickly recovered his primeval essence.


 After healing them twice more, Fang Yuan saw Ge tribe leader lead a group of elders and rush towards the frontlines. Soon, intense explosions sounded out from the frontlines.


 Through his left eye, Fang Yuan saw that the motionless myriad wolf king had also joined the fight. Ge tribe leader and others all went all-out against it.


 With myriad wolf king joining the fight, there was a tremendous influence on the wolves and under its lead, the wolf group began to fight with even more madness.


 The second defensive line of Ge tribe was also thus broken.


 Fortunately, with the canal blocking the way, most of Ge tribe’s Gu Masters could smoothly retreat towards the third defensive line and maintain the defense. For a moment, the atmosphere on the battlefield intensified to the extreme, causing great palpitation in the people.


 The third defensive line was the final defense. Behind it was the weakest mortals, in case it was broken through, the consequences would be unimaginable.


 "There is no time to heal again." After recovering the primeval essence in his aperture to ninety percent, Fang Yuan looked at the surroundings.


 After three rounds of healing, the heavy injuries on these wolves had become light injuries while the light injuries were completely healed.


 Wolf howl Gu!


 Fang Yuan howled towards the sky, letting out a furious howl like that of a wolf king.


 Under the effect of the Gu worm, the wolf group on the ranch faintly enlarged, their energy inflated and their battle strength multiplied!


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly and rode on a hump wolf, with a shift of his mind, the wolf group immediately started howling together.


 Howl---!


 At this moment, when the sky was dyed red with the setting sun, when the wind was starting to blow strongly and when the battle was raging, the wolf howl spread without restrain, travelling a thousand li.


 "Eh? Chang Shan Yin is making his move!" Outside the battlefield, Man Hong and Man Hao’s expression turned grave.


 Ge tribe, however, was jubilant.


 "Chang Shan Yin, it is lord Chang Shan Yin!"


 "We still have lord Chang Shan Yin..."


 "Lord Chang Shan Yin is coming to support us, everyone persevere!!"


 "Step aside, open up a path for lord Chang Shan Yin."


 Instantly, Ge tribe’s troop morale rose rapidly.


 Fang Yuan sat upright on the hump wolf and lightly waved his hand; close to ten thousand wolves surged forward, moving past the simplistic fence around the ranch, but they did not go to rescue the northern side, but instead moved towards the south.


 Just like the collapse of a large dam, a powerful flood burst out! The whole wolf group rapidly charged out of the camp; twelve hundred wolf kings arranged as the arrowhead ruthlessly charged into the battlefield


 The enemy wolf group had fought for a long time and was already exhausted, and now this new battle force attacked them, causing countless deaths in moments.


 With only one assault, Fang Yuan collapsed the offense of the turtleback wolves on the southern side of the camp.


 Wolf enslavement Gu! Wolf enslavement Gu! Wolf enslavement Gu!


 Under the protection of the wolf group, Fang Yuan repeatedly activated three wolf enslavement Gu; the enslavement Gu changed into faint smoke and subdued three hundred wolf kings in moments.


 "Charge to the left!" He willed it and the whole wolf army smoothly changed direction and charged towards the southeast battle.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze scanned the battle like an eagle and soon locked onto the thousand wolf king.


 Thousand wolf king howled and did its utmost to command the wolf group. But most of the wolf group were in deeply locked in the battle in the frontline and would be difficult for them to turn around for a while.


 This thousand wolf king could only mobilize a few hundred wolves which were easily drowned by Fang Yuan’s army.


 Rank three wolf enslavement Gu!


 Fang Yuan caught the chance and a faint smoke drilled down into the thousand wolf king; this thousand wolf king might have been scared stiff as it let out a whimper, its soul did not give any resistance and was quickly subdued.


 This was the fifth thousand wolf king!


 The wolf group that had been fighting with the Gu Masters, under its beckoning, stopped the fight and gathered under Fang Yuan’s army.


 The chaos at the southeast area immediately ceased!



***
Chapter 454: Intense Battle (3\/3)


***





 Chapter 454: Intense Battle (3/3)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The battle that the Gu Masters had been fighting with their lives on the line was settled in the blink of an eye. Their mortal enemies had instead become their allies.


 "Is this the ability of lord Chang Shan Yin?"


 "Terrifying, terrifying..."


 "Leading myriad wolf groups by himself, no wonder he is called Wolf King!"


 Gu Masters looked at Fang Yuan with stupefied gazes. Their gazes looked at his receding figure, leaving this place towards another battlefield.


 Moving unhindered, truly unhindered!


 All those who dared to block his way were completely swept away.


 Under his will, tens of thousands of wolves rushed forward. Under his indication, his troops moved everywhere, unrivalled!


 With just his lone strength, he was overturning the crisis, changing the whole situation; he was the light of the enslavement path!


 Outside the battlefield, Man Hong, Man Hao and the rest all lost color in their face.


 Under their complicated gaze, Fang Yuan’s wolf group rapidly expanded like a rolling snowball, getting bigger the more they killed. Everywhere they moved, they would leave behind ruins and a group of stupefied Gu Masters, before they swaggered off.


 This wolf commanding tactic was simply unreasonable and also extremely domineering!


 Under this huge strength, small hindrances were directly crushed.


 Fang Yuan intentionally avoided the myriad wolf king’s battlefield and circled around the Ge tribe camp, subduing three thousand wolf kings. In total, the number of thousand wolf kings he had reached eight.


 As for the number of hundred wolf kings, they had almost doubled, reaching fifty-nine.


 Fang Yuan’s wolf formation was like a mythical beast, swallowing all turtleback wolves on its path and expanding itself.


 After repeatedly subduing these wolf kings, Fang Yuan’s soul also suffered from backlash; he felt jittery and nauseous.


 Fang Yuan endured this feeling and gathered the wolf group before returning to the ranch.


 The ranch could not hold these wolves anymore.


 There were too many wolves, Fang Yuan also did not know the exact amount clearly, he could only guess the amount had surpassed twelve thousand.


 Fang Yuan did not hurry to join the battle.


 The situation was already determined now. He got off the hump wolf and closed his eyes to rest his spirit.


 Every set interval, he would open his eyes to observe the battlefield through the white-eyes wolf’s vision and keep an eye on the situation of Ge tribe leader and the others. These higher-ups of Ge tribe could not die. If they died, Man tribe might be roused into making a move.


 After resting for a while, although Fang Yuan had not fully recovered, there was no problem in commanding the wolves. He joined the battlefield again.


 This time, he only mobilized the eight thousand wolf kings to the battle. Ordinary wolves was too low of a threat against myriad wolf king.


 On his way, every Ge tribesmen would call out his name loudly.


 "Chang Shan Yin has come to assist!" Hearing such voices, Ge tribe’s higher-ups who were surrounding the myriad wolf king all felt their spirits invigorated.


 "Everyone, please take a step back and rest for a moment, let me handle this!" Fang Yuan reached the battlefield and under his will, the eight thousand wolf kings encircled the myriad wolf king.


 Myriad wolf king already had the intention to retreat, but whether it charged left or right, it could not break through the encirclement.


 "Such wolf manipulation skills!" Seeing the myriad wolf king being played around by Fang Yuan, Man Hao, Man Hong and the rest revealed astonished expressions.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had charged with grand troops, flattening everything on his way, so they were not able to see his wolf manipulating skill. Now, he was commanding the wolves meticulously, revealing the top-tier wolf manipulation skill of the northern plains.


 There were merely eight thousand wolf king, and seven of them could not display their full strength due to the pressure from the myriad wolf king.


 However, under Fang Yuan’s control, the myriad wolf king felt like it was encircled by thousands of soldiers, as if it was a fly that was trapped in spider web.


 Finally, the myriad wolf king was thoroughly exhausted to death by Fang Yuan, and in its final counterattack before death, it took away a thousand wolf king’s life.


 "Wolf King! Lord Chang Shan Yin is truly the Wolf King!" Looking at the myriad wolf king’s enormous body falling down loudly, all the Gu Masters cheered loudly.


 "Wolf King!"


 "Wolf King! Wolf King!"


 With this battle, everyone felt the nickname of Wolf King was truly fitting.


 The shouting surged one after another and soon many joined in, shouting loudly with fervent gazes, and some even had tears falling from their eyes.


 This was a type of emotional feeling, a type of worship towards the heroes, reverence towards the strength.


 "With this person here, it is easier said than done for us to annex Ge tribe!" Man Hong’s expression looked ashen to the extreme, this battle had thoroughly dispelled his ambitions.


 "Wolf King..." Man Hao who had felt contempt towards Chang Shan Yin, absent-mindedly muttered this name. He had never felt how heavy the weight of this name was as much as this moment!


 On the battlefield, Ge tribe leader brought the elders towards Fang Yuan.


 "The might of the former hero still remains! Today’s battle really makes me prostrate in admiration. I, on behalf of the whole Ge tribe, express my utmost gratitude to your favor of helping us!" Ge tribe leader deeply bowed towards Fang Yuan.


 "Brother Ge, you speak too highly of me. Let’s clean up the battlefield quickly." Fang Yuan smiled.


 The myriad wolf king’s corpse was lying on the ground, but Fang Yuan did not take the matters into his own hand to avoid suspicion.


 "If I had a rank four wolf enslavement Gu, I could have taken in this turtleback wolf myriad wolf king, such a pity." Fang Yuan felt regret in his heart.


 Rank four beast enslavement Gu could control myriad beast kings. A myriad beast group was a huge force to a tribe.


 Thus, normally, rank four beast enslavement Gu was not sold in the markets of northern plains.


 For the price of many Gu worms, once they reached rank four, would rise sharply. Beast enslavement Gu was one of them, there was also relic Gu besides this.


 Fang Yuan had only been able to purchase rank two and rank three wolf enslavement Gu in the market, and did not get a rank four wolf enslavement Gu.


 "Right now, I have a large amount of rank two and three wolf enslavement Gu. But it seems I will have to refine the rank four wolf enslavement Gu myself."


 Fang Yuan currently lacked rank four wolf enslavement Gu; with rank four wolf enslavement Gu, he could control myriad wolf king, and the burden on his soul to control the wolf group through the wolf king would decrease by a lot.


 His mutated beast white-eyes wolf was currently an infant and could be enslaved by rank three Gu. But once it matured, it would require rank four enslavement Gu, otherwise it would not listen to commands and could even flee.


 "Lord, we have found a rank four wolf enslavement Gu!" Right at this time, a Gu Master that was searching through the myriad wolf king’s corpse shouted loudly.


 "What?" Ge tribe leader’s eyes flashed brightly and soon after, laughed, "Haha, precious Gu should fit a hero, this Gu should be give to brother Chang."


 Although there was a great probability for a rank four beast enslavement Gu to reside in myriad beast king, Fang Yuan was still happy.


 There might have been some flaws in today’s battle, but the outcome still made Fang Yuan very satisfied.


 It was regretful to have killed the myriad wolf king, but he was still able to obtain a rank four wolf enslavement Gu.


 This Gu worm’s arrival was really at great timing, it had been a long time since Fang Yuan had such a good thing happen to him.


 He carefully accepted this Gu worm and said his goodbye to the Ge tribe’s higher-ups, he did not even join in the celebratory banquet, using the excuse of refining this rank four Gu to evade it.


 Nightfall.


 The celebratory bonfire outside the tents was burning brightly. The victorious shouts and the cries for the casualties mixed together and spread towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on the ground, his mind was calm as he looked in his aperture.


 The ninety percent primeval sea was tranquil, the water shining brightly like gold. Unfortunately, Fang Yuan had still not completely adapted to the northern plains, thus there was still the suppression, causing his cultivation to temporarily stagnate; the true gold primeval essence looked amazing but was useless right now.


 However, cultivation was only one part of strength.


 There were other ways for Fang Yuan to increase his strength.


 For example, the strength of ten jun Gu he was currently holding.


 This Gu was also a rank four Gu, but its price was much lower than a rank four beast enslavement Gu. And because it could be easily refined and the manufacturing costs were also low, it was rather common in the market.


 Strength of ten jun Gu did not look anything special, looking just like a common iron weight.


 Fang Yuan poured primeval essence to it, it then floated above Fang Yuan and let out dreamy light which shone upon Fang Yuan’s whole body, engraving some Dao marks of the strength path on Fang Yuan’s body.


 After a while, the strength of ten jun Gu suddenly let out a slight explosion and broke into pieces, falling down on Fang Yuan’s hair.


 Strength of ten jun Gu was an expendable Gu, this was the third strength of ten jun Gu Fang Yuan had used.


 Fang Yuan shook off the iron pieces and grasped his fists, feeling an increased strength: "The strength increase has reached a bottleneck. Next, I need to enhance my skeleton, skin, tendons and so on, to cause the water bucket - my body - to become deeper, larger and firmer, so it can hold even more strength.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed as he took out a wolf soul Gu.


 "This is the final wolf soul Gu."


 Fang Yuan poured his primeval essence into the wolf soul Gu; the wolf soul Gu burst and changed into a grey wolf soul that smashed into his body.


 Hundred man soul and wolf soul tangled with each other, the difficulty this time was many times more than before. Previously, when Fang Yuan used the wolf soul Gu, he only had over three thousand wolves under him. Now, after today’s battle, he had taken in many wolf kings and thus the burden on his soul was much bigger.


 Fang Yuan’s brows furrowed into a knot, sweat perspired out of his forehead and he gritted his teeth to persevere; finally, the hundred man soul and the wolf soul merged together.


 Boom!


 A soft sound echoed in his ears, the long term quantitative accumulation had brought a qualitative change at this moment.


 Hundred man soul had thoroughly changed into the wolfman soul.


 The wolfman soul looked like a grey color that had been condensed to an extreme. The soul’s appearance was mostly like Fang Yuan’s, except the bridge of the nose was longer, eyes sharper and his body thinner. There were two sharp wolf ears, long hair that reached his waist and a hairy wolf tail that grew out of his butt.


 With the formation of the wolfman soul, Fang Yuan felt relaxed as if he had gotten rid of a very heavy burden.


 In his mind, the connection to the wolves became much more close, and he could even feel a faint familiar feeling from the wolf kings’ souls.


 This was not there when he had the hundred man soul.


 After forming the wolfman soul, Fang Yuan gained the aura of a wolf, causing these wolf kings to think him as one of their species. Thus, it was no longer the pure suppression using the hundred man soul, but also a feeling of approval from the wolves.


 "Hundred man soul was almost reaching its limits after enslaving so many wolves. Now, with wolfman soul, I can take in three times more wolf kings!"


 "It is just that there will probably be few opportunities like today. But the grassland is so big and the wolf group are plenty, I will at least be able to double this wolf group on our way to the heroes assembly."


 Looking at the large amount of rank two wolf enslavement Gu in his aperture, many rank three wolf enslavement Gu and one rank four wolf enslavement Gu, Fang Yuan was full of expectations towards the future.



***
Chapter 455: Night Assault


***





 Chapter 455: Night Assault


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 There were few stars in the sky.


 Bone-chilling wind blew through the grassland at night.


 Two hump wolves were moving through this night; carrying Ge tribe’s investigative Gu Masters, one old and one young.


 "Huff huff huff, so cold." The young Gu Master curled up his body and blew out hot air.


 "I told you to wear some more clothes, but you didn’t want to. This is called suffering from not listening to your elders ." The old Gu Master laughed, he was wearing a thick leather robe with long sleeves and long boots, along with a felt hat; he did not feel the slightest bit of cold.


 "Uncle, this is my first time scouting, I lack experience." The young Gu Master mumbled in a soft voice before swearing, "F*ck, when I go out to scout tomorrow, I will definitely wear the thickest clothes."


 "It should not be overly thick. Overly thick clothes will only affect your movement in battle. Moreover, you are likely to doze off if it is too warm. We are the eyes of Ge tribe, we need to be vigilant at all times. The best would be clothes that will keep you just warm, so you will feel cold if you stay still for long, this will urge you to keep on scouting." The old Gu Master shared his experience solemnly.


 It was already the third day since the battle with the turtleback wolves.


 The old Gu Master’s partner had died in the battlefield, thus the young Gu Master was sent over to make up for the gap; the young Gu Master was still inexperienced and needed the old Gu Master’s guidance.


 "Uncle..." The young Gu Master was just about to open his mouth.


 "Shush!" The old Gu Master suddenly stretched out his hand to signal a stop, his eyes squinted and looked at the light that suddenly emerged far away.


 "What is that?" The old Gu Master was immediately on guard, he used his investigative Gu but could not make out anything.


 "Kid, use your hand-ear Gu to listen!" The old Gu Master commanded.


 "Yes!" The young Gu Master did not dare to be careless, he immediately turned over his body and got off the hump wolf and stretched out his right hand.


 He transferred primeval essence towards his right palm; grass sprouted out from the palm, creating a flesh bud. The flesh bud then opened up to form an ear.


 The young man closely stuck this ear on the ground and attentively listened.


 "There is nothing other than the sound of the wind." The young Gu Master did his best to listen but got no result.


 He laughed: "Uncle, are you trying to scare me? There is not even a fart."


 "The battle just ended, so maybe I was too nervous." The old Gu Master heaved a sigh. He again looked at a distance, but there was nothing unusual; he felt his eyesight might have blurred just before.


 "What is there to be nervous about, there is the old tribe leader here and we also have the Wolf King Chang Shan Yin with us. There is no need to be afraid even if another group of turtleback wolves come." The young man’s gaze flashed when he talked of Fang Yuan, unable to conceal the worship in his eyes.


 "Yes, it is indeed our tribe’s fortune to have the help of the Wolf King." The old Gu Master sighed as he recalled the scene in the battlefield.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh!


 Suddenly, the sound of arrows quickly moving through the air spread towards them!


 "Who?" The old Gu Master shouted, he subconsciously jumped off the hump wolf and smoothly rolled several times.


 Thud thud thud...


 Sharp bone spears pierced the ground one after another.


 "Enemy attack!" The old Gu Master had this thought the first moment. He quickly stood up and hurriedly warned towards the young Gu Master.


 The young man had already been pierced by a bone spear and had died on the spot.


 The old Gu Master’s heart twitched, but he did not have the time to grieve, immediately taking out a signal Gu from his aperture.


 But before he was able to activate it, he was hit by a fatal attack.


 He stiffly stood on the spot like a statue. A line of blood slowly appeared on his neck, becoming clearer and clearer.


 Finally, his head inclined towards the side and fell on the ground, completely separated from the neck.


 Fresh blood spurted out like a geyser from his neck.


 Several figures walked out of the darkness, leading them was Man tribe’s external elder Shi Wu. He looked at the two corpses and proudly said: "These ants, killing them is as easy as flipping my palm."


 "Lord elder is formidable!"


 "With lord elder here, Ge tribe’s investigative Gu Masters are only empty shells!"


 Several Gu Masters following behind flattered.


 Shi Wu narrowed his eyes in joy and looked towards the direction of the Ge tribe’s troops: "Hmph, this Ge tribe could win earlier because of their scouting, being able to make ample preparation in advance. This time, lord tribe leader has dispatched almost all the elders, Ge tribe will not be able to escape the calamity this time! Hehehe, I really want to see the shocked and frightened expressions on these people when ten thousand nights wolves attack them at once."


 Ge tribe might have already been on the move for several days, leaving Hong Yan valley and succeeding in defeating the turtleback wolf group, but Man tribe had no intention to let them go.


 Three days after the attack of the turtleback wolf group, Man tribe Gu Masters secretly led night wolf group to make the second wave of attack on Ge tribe. At the same time, Man tribe’s elders also moved out to kill large numbers of Ge tribe’s investigative Gu Masters.


 A large conspiracy against Ge tribe was already unfolding.


 When this ten thousand wolf group was discovered, they were only hundred li away from the camp.


 "Wolf attack! Wolf attack!" An investigative Gu Master observing from a watchtower shouted.


 Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh...


 Several signal Gu were shot out into the sky, bursting into bright fireworks.


 "Everyone get up, there is an attack, it is a group of ten thousand night wolves!!" The Ge tribesmen who were in a deep sleep were startled awake.


 "Quick, notify the tribe leader!" Investigative Gu Masters rushed about as quickly as they could.


 Human figures gradually appeared from everywhere in the Ge tribe camp; doubts and panicked shouts mixed to form a commotion.


 In the main tent, Ge tribe leader’s expression paled when he got this news.


 "Those damned investigative Gu Masters!" This was the first thought of the old tribe leader.


 But he soon frowned.


 Even if the night wolves were difficult to detect at night, but with so many night wolves, why hadn’t the investigative Gu Masters reported sooner?


 His sharp senses smelled a trace of conspiracy.


 He quickly threw these thoughts to the back of his mind. It was not the time to think of these!


 "The night wolves are already so close to the camp, there is no time to construct defensive lines! What do we do?""


 In this boundless darkness, there was no clear intel on the enemy situation.


 Ge tribe leader only knew this wolf group was large, at least a ten thousand wolf group. But he did not know if there were other wolf group or if Man tribe’s Gu Masters were hiding in the surroundings.


 At this urgent moment, Ge tribe leader could not think of a countermeasure and could only send an order: "Send my command, all Ge tribe Gu Masters shall gather in the main tent!"


 The night wolf group was fast and had reached the camp.


 "The wolf group is here!"


 "Block them, we must block them!"


 "Quick, activate light sphere Gu."


 A Gu Master who was at the frontline shot out a rank two light sphere Gu towards the sky.


 Under the illumination of the light sphere, the densely packed night wolf group showed their appearances.


 These night wolves were thin with strong posture, they had black glossy skin but had no fur. Their black pupils and claws gave off a cruel light.


 A hundred wolf king growled and charged over.


 "My god!" The Gu Master could only shout in shock before he was killed instantly by the wolf king.


 The night wolf group was like a torrent, bursting through the simplistic stakes around the camp, and started their massacre.


 Right now, Ge tribe’s Gu Masters were still gathering towards the central main tent.


 The vast outer camp had already turned into a sight of the netherworld. The wolves were howling excitedly, humans were wailing in grief and the cries of fear bursted forth together.


 Night wolves were fast, and were tearing through the tents. Many mortals who were still in their sleep died cruelly under their claws.


 They used death and blood as a warning.


 The inner camp was in an uproar; the terrified humans surged out and tried to run away, trampling over each other.


 A night raid!


 Ge tribe leader stood outside the main tent; the corners of his eyes were almost tore open at this sight, his heart was bleeding.


 The wolf group’s massacre indeed caused many deaths, but even more deaths were caused by the people trampling on each other. Such a chaotic situation already was already beyond control, causing the Ge tribe leader’s plan to counterattack after organizing the troops to be in vain.


 Most of the Gu Masters were trapped among the chaos.


 Only many of the elders and a few elite Gu Masters were able to successfully gather in the main tent.


 "Our advantage is no more!"


 Ge tribe leader closed his eyes in pain, his body was cold as he fell into deep despair and grief.


 "With this battle, even if we luckily gather in the remaining people, Ge tribe will fall down to a small scale tribe! Ge tribe had fallen in my hands! I am ashamed to face my ancestors! I am Ge tribe’s sinner!"


 In the main tent; some elders were shouting, some had lifeless expressions and some were panicking.


 "Ge tribe is still not finished, everyone, there is only one way left to turn around this situation!" Following the sound, Fang Yuan walked into the main tent.


 Ge tribe leader’s eyes brightened like a drowning person finding a life-saving log.


 "Brother, please speak quickly!" He looked at Fang Yuan and asked hurriedly.


 Fang Yuan got right to the point and said resolutely: "Now, the camp is in chaos, we cannot simply defend, the situation has gone out of control. Only by using offense as defense, can we have a chance at survival."


 "Wolf King, your meaning is?" Ge tribe leader mumbled.


 Everyone looked at each other.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: "Brother Ge, did you forget that I have a rank four wolf enslavement Gu with me?"


 He looked at everyone’s expressions and continued: "The ones here are all Ge tribe’s elites, its strongest battle strength. We will form into a group and immediately move out, flowing against the wolf raid towards the myriad wolf king. In the battle, I will subdue the myriad wolf king, and the whole situation will turn around!"


 Everyone’s expressions changed.


 This was a thoroughly messed up plan!


 One should know, Gu Masters would rely on terrain advantage to resist the myriad beast group and fight a war of attrition, but even this would create huge casualties. Now, Fang Yuan wanted them to use their blood and flesh body to charge against the offense of the myriad beast group and kill myriad wolf king among the countless wolves; this was simply courting doom.


 This method was too risky, if someone else said it, they would have been furiously rebuked and even ruthlessly ridiculed it.


 However, it was Chang Shan Yin proposing it which caused everyone to fall into silence.


 "Madness, this is complete madness." An elder mumbled.


 Others showed hesitant expressions; going against the momentum of the wolf group would result in deaths nine out of ten times. Frankly speaking, it was asking them to give up their lives in exchange for the survival of the whole clan.


 These rank three Gu Masters had been higher-ups for a long time and would normally be living luxuriously. All of them cherished their lives.



***
Chapter 456: A Hero’s Call


***





 Chapter 456: A Hero’s Call


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Ge tribe leader was hesitating, he was not a coward afraid of dying, because at this age, his cultivation was stagnant and he had already stopped caring about life and death.


 His hesitation was, whether to use this method or not.


 Ge tribe’s era was over, but that did not mean it was destroyed completely.


 If mortals died, they can just be replenished through snatching, in a Gu Master’s eye, mortals were just numbers. As long as the Gu masters were intact, and the elders were intact, the tribe’s structure would still be around.


 If they retreated now, and gave up on the rest, only Ge tribe’s higher-ups would be left, they would have to seek refuge with Man tribe.


 But Man tribe had the intention to devour Ge tribe, this night wolf group’s assault was most likely part of their schemes!


 But if they used Fang Yuan’s method, the risks were too great. If they fail, Ge tribe’s higher-ups were finished, and the mortals would only be sheep waiting to get eaten.


 "Father, and all the uncles here, I think that uncle Chang is right, this is the only way to save the tribe!" Ge Guang spoke, seeing the hesitant group, he felt a chill in his heart.


 He was still young, he was hot blooded. At the crucial moment, he saw everyone’s true colors, he had never seen this fragile side of Ge tribe.


 Fang Yuan snickered in his heart.


 When he first heard that the wolves were attacking, he was shocked, but soon he felt great joy.


 If he was able to subdue this myriad beast king here, then his strength would rise once more, it could potentially double!


 This was a one-off opportunity, he wanted to grab onto it. But under such circumstances, to enslave the myriad wolf king, he would need Ge tribe’s help.


 There was danger in charging at the frontlines, but to Fang Yuan, it was not too much of a problem.


 He was a rank four Gu Master with a rank three eagle wings Gu, if the situation turned south, he could fly away to escape easily.


 It was too much of a pity to let Ge tribe decline like this, since he wanted to make use of them, he should maximise their worth.


 "Everyone!" Fang Yuan shouted, attracting everyone’s gazes.


 His words resounded like thunder, as he shouted: "What are you waiting for? Why are you hesitant? Are all Ge tribesmen cowardly and afraid of death?!"


 "Listen, those are the cries of our Ge tribesmen, these vile night wolves are slaughtering our parents, our friends, our wives and children! If Ge tribe is wiped out tonight, you will all be homeless!"


 "Can you bear to see our family die right under our very eyes? I cannot! Although I, Chang Shan Yin, am just an outsider, during these days of living here, I felt warmth, I felt the intense love that the Ge tribesmen had towards each other. For your friends, for the justice of this world, I will charge forward, and fight for a chance of survival for everyone."


 "The males of Ge tribe, are your sabres still around? Your ancestors are watching you. Are cowardice and weakness flowing in your blood?"


 Fang Yuan shouted in a righteous tone, his aura was overwhelming.


 His voice was so long, even the Gu Masters outside the king tent were attracted. The tribe elders looked at him deeply with a shocked gaze.


 What was a hero?


 The ability to turn the tides and overcome difficulty, that was only the hero’s strength.


 But at the crucial moment, at the moment of death, he would step forward and face the difficulty head on, he brought confidence and courage to others. That was the true demeanour of a hero!


 Ge Guang heard Fang Yuan’s words and his body trembled.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan’s image was so majestic, it was deeply engraved in his heart.


 His eyes were shining, his pupils turned red, his heart was pounding, he felt a warm feeling surging inside him.


 Swoosh , Ge Guang activated sabre Gu, holding it in his right hand as he raised it up highly.


 Next, this young Ge tribe leader screamed: "No! The warriors of Ge tribe are still around. Ge tribe’s sabres are still around! Our ancestors are all watching us descendants! Oh Wolf King, others might be afraid of death, but I, Ge Guang, am willing to follow you to the depths of hell!!"


 Saying so, a few hot-tempered elders were so triggered they shouted in shame.


 "So what, the worst result is death, there is nothing to fear!"


 "Those f*cking night wolves, I will kill you all!"


 "Wolf King, young tribe leader, consider me, Ge De, a member of the vanguard troop!"


 These people not only responded, they even gave a disdainful and scornful gaze towards their surroundings.


 Even more people were triggered by this, after all, northern plainsmen were usually very courageous.


 "Kill! Use our blood to prove the bravery of us Ge tribesmen!"


 "Battle to the death, battle to the death!"


 "Count me in, I will battle too!!"


 The overwhelming atmosphere burst out in the tent.


 Even elders who did not want to join this fight shouted out their willingness to participate. They did not want to be called a coward for life. In northern plains, as long as one gains such a bad reputation, they would be despised by everyone.


 The development of this situation was far beyond the hesitant Ge tribe leader’s control.


 He was old, he did not want to take risks.


 He already had the intention to retreat long ago, as long as the higher-up Gu Masters were around, Ge tribe had their foundation and could start all over again.


 If they charged forward, the risks were too great, there was an unknown number of night wolves in the darkness of the night, other than that, Man tribe might even be scheming something, and Chang Shan Yin might not succeed in subduing the myriad wolf king. Even if everyone charged out, if the myriad wolf king refused to fight them head on and chose to escape, what then?


 Fang Yuan’s plans had too many flaws, it was not reliable.


 "Oh no." Old Ge tribe leader saw the surrounding elders’ red eyes and realized that his hesitation was already useless, they had no choice but to fight now.


 "Battle to the death! Battle to the death!"


 "For Ge tribe, for tomorrow!"


 "A battle of life and death, this will show our overwhelming bravery and courage!"


 Outside the main tent, cheers and slogans were resounding as the morale of the troops surged, they were united now.


 Fang Yuan’s words easily turned the situation towards his intended direction.


 Everyone’s heart was united, old Ge tribe leader no choice but to go along with them, he bowed deeply towards Fang Yuan: "Wolf King, you are a true hero! Ge tribe’s future lies in your hands, we will accompany your wolf group in charging forward and taking down the myriad wolf king."


 Everyone accepted the orders.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone, Ge tribe leader’s intention was to sacrifice the wolf group to protect the Ge tribe Gu Masters.


 But a little sacrifice was no big deal. As long as he obtains the myriad wolf king, it would be a huge gain!


 "Everyone, charge with me!" Fang Yuan shouted, bringing all the Gu Masters and left the main tent.


 A few hundred wolf kings and thousand wolf kings also gathered.


 "Brother Chang, why are there only these wolves? Where are your other wolf kings? Where is your wolf army?" Old Ge tribe leader questioned, his heart sinking.


 Fang Yuan snorted in his heart, why did he have to sacrifice his wolf kings to protect these Ge tribesmen?


 All living beings in this world were equal, there were none who were more valuable or royal than another.


 Wolves and men were both living beings, ignoring their standpoint, they were equal lifeforms.


 Why did wolves have to sacrifice their lives for men? Were humans more noble than wolves?


 No.


 Whether one was noble or lowly, that was only a class system. And that system was based off strength.


 Be it Earth or this world, the biggest law was the elimination of the weak, the big fish eats the small fish, the small fish eats the shrimps.


 The so-called nobility was built on the foundation of greater strength. Without this, even the purest and most elegant lady is nothing more than a promiscuous b*tch!


 Fang Yuan needed Ge tribe’s accompaniment earlier because he had few wolves, it was dangerous for him to travel alone, and there were greater difficulties in doing so.


 But now, he had the myriad wolf group, Ge tribe’s value diminished greatly.


 The wolves obeyed him, he could control their life and death at will. But could Ge tribesmen allow this?


 "For an outsider, you want me to sacrifice my closest and most loyal subjects? Did you really think I was a dimwit like all your hot-blooded tribesmen?" Although Fang Yuan felt great disdain in his heart, he showed a confident and warm smile, saying to old Ge tribe leader: "Don’t worry brother Ge, the situation is chaotic now, the ranch was destroyed and the wolves are scattered. I have ordered the wolf kings to assemble, soon, we will have a reinforcement wolf troop coming."


 Old Ge tribe leader looked at Fang Yuan deeply, and was about to speak.


 But Fang Yuan did not give him the chance, he shouted: "Everyone, Ge tribe’s survival depends on this moment, charge with me!"


 Saying so, he squeezed with his legs and ordered the hump wolf below him to charge forward.


 "Kill!"


 "Kill these goddamn wolves!"


 "For Ge tribe, for tomorrow!"


 Everyone shouted in a frenzy, as young Ge tribe leader followed behind Fang Yuan closely.


 Old Ge tribe leader was so angry he pulled his son back, shouting at his ear: "Remember, you are the young tribe leader of Ge tribe!"


 After that, the father and son started to charge towards the night wolves while protected deep inside the formation.


 Two rank four, seventeen rank three, and a great number of rank two elites, it was a great strength, like a sabre that stabbed into the battlefield.


 They had an overwhelming aura, no wolves could stop them, soon, they charged out of the camp and went straight for the myriad wolf king.


 Once out of the camp, everyone’s pressure intensified. Especially the Gu Masters at the outer edge, all they could see were night wolves.


 Wind blades, water dragons, stone fists, golden cones... all sorts of attacks were unleashed like cheap fireworks. The wolves were hit unguarded, and many died in the process.


 Everyone fought and killed, creating a path for themselves.


 Howl!


 Myriad wolf king howled, and twelve thousand wolf kings and tens of hundred wolf kings gathered, attacking Fang Yuan and gang from all directions.


 Myriad wolf king understood Fang Yuan’s intentions, to compete against him, it sent elites to fight the elites.


 Fang Yuan had stealthily gone to the most inner circle of the group, he shouted in a frenzy: "Chaaaaaarge! Faster, if you do not charge faster, we are all dead meat! If we enslave the myriad wolf king, we would overturn the situation!"


 In a moment, hundred wolf kings and thousand wolf kings entered the battle.


 The troop’s advancement became even slower, as many rank two elites were sacrificed.


 "Oh no, my primeval essence is running low, I can only activate the self-detonate Gu... For the tribe!" A tribe elder shouted loudly, going out of the formation and charging into the wolves.


 The wolf king opened its mouth as it bit him.


 This tribe elder snickered as he exploded, killing this thousand wolf king on the spot!


 This was the first tribe elder that died in this battle.


 Old tribe leader saw this and he felt his heart bleeding.


 These elders were the foundation of Ge tribe, they were the main pillars of support. Seeing their deaths, old tribe leader could almost see the collapse of the main tent.



***
Chapter 457: Wolf King, where are your reinforcements?!


***





 Chapter 457: Wolf King, where are your reinforcements?!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The old tribe leader became increasingly dissatisfied with Fang Yuan, shouting: "Wolf King, where are your promised reinforcements?"


 "Brother Ge need not worry, they will arrive soon! Everyone, follow me to take revenge for the elder’s death!!" Fang Yuan roared and moved ahead of everyone towards the frontline.


 "Protect Lord Chang Shan Yin!" Ge Guang immediately shouted.


 "Lord Wolf King, you are our key to victory, please stay within our protection zone!"


 "Kill, kill these beasts!!"


 Everyone in the troop had bloodshot eyes, they forgot any worries of death and entered a berserk state. Even if they died, they would take the wolves with them.


 The ferocious nature of northern plains natives could be seen clearly.


 Ge Guang who was charging towards the front was dragged behind by the old tribe leader: "Stay behind me!"


 Ge Guang shouted and after killing for a while, he moved towards the front again.


 Ge tribe leader angrily grabbed him again and raised his hand: "Stay behind me, don’t forget you are our Ge tribe’s young tribe leader!"


 "This old guy..." Fang Yuan sneered inwardly when he saw this scene. In the whole troop, the old tribe leader and him were the only two people with a clear mind.


 "You guys go ahead, I will pin down these damned wolves!" Battle hall elder shouted.


 His body suddenly inflated and became a giant rockman. He was a Gu Master at rank three peak stage, but now his cultivation suddenly surged to be comparable to rank four stage!


 "Battle hall elder!" Ge tribe leader felt extreme heartache; battle hall elder was Ge tribe’s second strongest expert, but he was sacrificing his life here.


 "Once lord battle hall elder used this Gu, he had already sacrificed his own life..." Everyone felt an intense tragic feeling.


 "Don’t let battle hall elder’s sacrifice be in vain, we will definitely turn the tide!" Fang Yuan shouted.


 "Come, you beasts, let this old man keep you company. Hahaha!" Battle hall elder laughed heartily and with just his own strength, temporarily pinned down almost all the hundred wolf kings and thousand wolf kings.


 With his help, the troop could finally reach the myriad wolf king.


 "Kill!" Since things had already happened, Ge tribe leader charged forward without saying anything.


 The rest also followed behind and sent out formidable killer moves.


 Night wolf king spurted out acidic liquid and shot out poisonous needles, its whole body was covered with a layer of golden light and looked extremely ferocious.


 "This is golden bell shield Gu, we must destroy it, only then can I use wolf enslavement Gu." Fang Yuan shouted.


 Howl....


 The wolf group howled and snarled as they surrounded the troop. Besides the Gu Masters, large numbers of night wolves were near the night wolf king.


 The Gu Masters would have to deal with the night wolf king and also these ordinary night wolves.


 More and more Gu Masters died; they used their life and blood to compose a moving battle song.


 Night wolf king was extremely fast, much more faster than cheetahs. It did not have any fur but its black skin shone like armor and had great defensive power.


 It moved here and there, and every time its strong and sharp claws attacked, an unlucky Gu Master would be torn to pieces. Every time its slender tail flung, the surrounding battlefield would be cleared.


 Gu Masters continued to die and injuries also started accumulating on the night wolf king’s body. But the golden bell shield Gu was still not broken.


 The offense had only continued for a short while when a large group of wolf kings rushed over from behind.


 Battle hall elder was dead and these wolf kings were no longer hindered.


 "Wolf King, where are your reinforcements?!" Ge tribe leader shouted as his heart became filled with worry.


 "Soon, just a little longer!" Fang Yuan hurriedly replied and ordered, "Ge Guang, lead a group and pin down these wolf kings."


 "Understood! Uncle Chang can rest at ease, as long as I have a breath left, I will not let these wolf kings disturb you! Those willing to follow me, come over!" Ge Guang shouted and turned around, valiantly rushing towards those wolf kings.


 Ge tribe leader’s face turned purple with anger.


 Fang Yuan shouted again from the side: "Brother Ge, don’t be dazed, we need to quickly break the golden bell shield Gu. Once I enslave the wolf king, not only us, even the whole Ge tribe will be rescued!"


 "Chang Shan Yin... If anything happens to my son, I will not let you off!" The old tribe leader swore in his heart.


 He did not dare to call back Ge Guang under everyone’s eyes, this would be showing favoritism openly. He could only attack the night wolf king in a frenzy.


 "Tribe leader is mighty!" All the elders felt their morale raise when they saw the old tribe leader showing off his might.


 "This old guy has extraordinary battle strength, he really concealed it deeply." Even Fang Yuan could not help looking at the old tribe leader in a new light.


 Those who were at high positions definitely had some areas that surpassed others. The old tribe leader had led Ge tribe for so long, he was astute, capable and not a simple character.


 The wolf king was ruthlessly beaten by the old tribe leader; it suddenly opened its mouth and shot out numerous eerie blue ghost fire.


 Ghost fire Gu was a rank two soul path Gu. Once it advanced, it would be rank three ghost flame Gu. However, the ones being let out now were from the rank four ghost blaze Gu on the night wolf king.


 The ghost fire surged rapidly, its bone-chilling coldness forced the Gu Masters to retreat; the tight encirclement also loosened.


 Night wolf king thus gained precious time to take a breather and immediately prepared to retreat.


 "Don’t even think about it!" Ge tribe leader shouted and suddenly breathed in violently, sucking in all the ghost fire into his stomach.


 Rank four — swallow fire Gu!


 This Gu was not an attack Gu. Accurately speaking, it was a storage Gu, especially meant to store fire.


 "This old guy has many good Gu worms." Fang Yuan was inwardly surprised.


 Ge tribe leader’s stomach inflated by three times after he swallowed all the ghost fire, appearing quite abnormal.


 At the same time, his skin turned dark-blue, and blood started flowing out of eyes, nose, mouth and ears.


 Rank four — vine claw Gu!


 Ge tribe leader shouted and extended out his left hand.


 His left hand inflated by five times and turned into wooden root. His five fingers turned into strong purple vines and like a snake or a whip, it whipped towards the night wolf king.


 The purple vines grew quickly and bound the night wolf king.


 Night wolf king’s attempt to flee was thwarted, it struggled with all its might and used its enormous brute force to violently tear apart the vines.


 Ge tribe leader’s face turned pale, although he had cultivated strength path as a minor path, how could his strength compare to the strength of the night wolf king.


 The purple vines were roughly torn apart. Ge tribe leader screamed in pain, his left hand turned back to its original shape and his five fingers were all broken!


 "Wolf King..." The old tribe leader snarled.


 Fang Yuan knew he was going to ask ’where are your reinforcements’, thus he walked towards him and said: "Brother Ge, careful!"


 Right at this time, the night wolf king’s tail flung over.


 Fang Yuan activated azure wolf skin Gu and moved towards the tail, appearing like he was blocking the attack for Ge tribe leader.


 Smash.


 A clear sound echoed and he was thrown far away by the wolf tail.


 "This... I could have avoided it!" The old tribe leader was stupefied.


 "Quick, go save Lord Wolf King!" Academy elder furiously shouted and rushed towards Fang Yuan.


 The night wolf king rushed over, it could sense that Ge tribe leader possessed the greatest threat towards it, so it directed most of its attacks towards the old tribe leader.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 The old tribe leader dodged and used his Gu worms to bombard the night wolf king; a man and a beast were fighting a life and death battle.


 "Dragon Head Drill!" The old tribe leader attacked and retreated, before suddenly activating three Gu simultaneously, unleashing his killer move!


 A four clawed wood dragon roared and soared. The dragon head turned into a pike and continuously spiralled, directly smashing against the night wolf king.


 The golden bell shield Gu that had been protecting the night wolf king until now, flickered and finally broke.


 Dragon head drill still had plenty of strength left as it pierced into the night wolf king’s body. The night wolf king let out a painful howl; the sound was so loud that it seemed to tear everyone’s eardrums, even suppressing all the mixed sounds in the battlefield.


 With this heavy injury, the night wolf king’s speed was greatly reduced and blood flowed out of it like a fountain.


 But before the Gu Masters could rejoice, this night wolf king’s eyes suddenly turned crimson, its battle intent surged and it counterattacked madly, forgetting all its pain.


 Its battle strength had not fallen, but instead rose to almost double of its original strength.


 "This is the rank four brave fight Gu, damn it! Chang Shan Yin, where is Chang Shan Yin!" The old tribe leader shouted.


 "Lord Wolf King has fainted, we are currently healing him!" Academy elder and the others were protecting the ’fainted’ Wolf King from the wolf group.


 "Of all times, he chose this moment to faint!" The old tribe leader almost spurted out blood when he heard this. His eyelids fierce twitched and fiercely shouted: "Then, we won’t wait for Chang Shan Yin! We will kill this myriad wolf king. The wolf group will collapse when we kill it!"


 Although the night wolf king’s strength rose, but without the protection of the golden bell shield Gu, it was easily injured.


 The battle turned extremely bitter, almost every moment, there would be rank three Gu Masters being heavily injured or even dead.


 With the intense battle lasting till now, the primeval essence in the Gu Masters were also almost used up. For the victory, they had to use this limited primeval essence to continue to battle.


 Exchanging injuries for injuries, wasting each other’s energy, the side that was able to remain standing at the end would be the victor.


 The night wolf king felt the aura of death and became even more berserk.


 The Gu Masters were all in disorder, only the old tribe leader was holding up a fight.


 "Persevere, hold on!" The old tribe leader moved here and there, working as a rescue worker, and timely saved an elder. He repeatedly shouted, causing his voice to become very hoarse. His speed also became slower and his concentration started to slip.


 He was old after all.


 "Old tribe leader, careful!" An elder shouted from a short distance away.


 The old tribe leader quickly turned his head and saw the night wolf king high in the air, pouncing towards him with murderous intent.


 "Retreat!"


 The old tribe leader had this thought, but his body could only stagger, the exhaustion had accumulated so much that had finally surpassed what his aged body could endure.


 He was out of energy!


 Boom!


 The next moment, the night wolf king pounced and ruthlessly smashed him to the ground.


 "Old tribe leader!!" Everyone shouted and rushed over as they forgot about the danger around them.


 Ge tribe leader madly poured his primeval essence into his defensive Gu, creating a thick wooden shield.


 Boom! Boom! Boom!


 The night wolf king’s claws repeatedly smashed the wooden shield; the wooden shield only lasted for few breaths’ time before it collapsed. The enormous wolf claws then smashed upon Ge tribe leader.


 The old tribe leader had also used Gu worms similar to ancient bronze skin and essence iron bones Gu, but he was not able to resist the tyrannical strike of the night wolf king.


 "Old tribe leader!" Everyone cried out and crazily attacked, trying to draw away the night wolf king’s attention.


 But the night wolf king only had Ge tribe leader in its eyes, it was going to kill the old tribe leader to vent its anger even if it had to endure the attacks.



***
Chapter 458: Death of the Old Tribe Leader


***





 Chapter 458: Death of the Old Tribe Leader


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Father!" Ge Guang immediately let out a wild howl at this scene, his eyes almost splitting open.


 Brave fight Gu’s effect disappeared, the night wolf king’s battle intent disappeared and it got away from Ge tribe leader’s body, pushed back by everyone’s attacks.


 "This is the moment!" Fang Yuan’s heart stirred and he ’woke up’.


 Rank four — wolf enslavement Gu!


 Wolf enslavement Gu turned into a large cloud of smoke and moved towards night wolf king’s head, covering it.


 The night wolf king’s battle intent had disappeared and with its heavy injuries, its consciousness was almost already on the verge of collapsing; and now it had to contend against Fang Yuan’s soul.


 Fang Yuan’s soul already surpassed the strength of hundred man soul.


 Night wolf king had an intense feeling of conflict, but it sensed the aura of a similar species from Fang Yuan’s wolfman soul.


 This feeling of conflict thus rapidly decreased and under the pressure of Fang Yuan’s soul, it did not last for long; the smoke merged with its body.


 "Success!" Fang Yuan’s eyes shone brightly.


 Wolf smoke Gu!


 He quickly hurried to the battlefield and breathed out large amounts of wolf smoke, covering the night wolf king.


 Night wolf king’s critical injuries were soon stabilized.


 It let out a long howl; under this howl, the night wolf group turned chaotic and shortly retreated.


 Ge tribe’s crisis was resolved!


 However, the surviving Gu Masters did not have any happiness of winning. They gathered around a deep pit.


 Inside the deep pit was Ge tribe leader.


 Several Gu Masters were beside him, doing all they could to heal him.


 Ge tribe leader’s body had already become a mushy paste, but under this intensive healing, most of his body was gradually restored.


 However, it was in vain!


 His injuries were fatal, and following the exhaustion of the healing Gu Masters’ primeval essence, the slight hope of bringing the old tribe leader back to life also completely disappeared.


 "Father, father!" Ge Guang kneeled on the ground, grabbed Ge tribe leader’s hand and shouted loudly in heartache.


 "Old tribe leader..." Remaining elders were also filled with tears.


 The old tribe leader’s face suddenly had a trace of red, and before his death, he exerted his last strength to grab Ge Guang’s hand: "My son, be careful of..."


 He was just about to say Chang Shan Yin’s name, but right at this time, Fang Yuan pushed his way through the crowd.


 "Brother Ge!" His face was full of sorrow, his shoulders slightly shook and warm tears trickled down his eyes.


 The old tribe leader gazed deeply at Fang Yuan, his mouth opened and closed a few times but in the end, he had no choice but to change the subject: "Son, from today on, you are Ge tribe’s leader!"


 "Father, you can’t die, I am still lacking by a lot, I still need your guidance. Ge tribe needs you!" Ge Guang replied with tears covering his face.


 The old tribe leader gasped like a fish that was out of water, his vision dimmed and his consciousness rapidly faded like the ebbing wave.


 The aura of death on him was already extremely dense.


 "But I am not at ease! I have too many things I am unable to let go of..."


 The obsession in him allowed the old tribe leader to muster the final drop and trace of strength; he grabbed Ge Guang’s hand, as his blurred vision cleared up for an instant.


 An unknown burst of strength gave him a final breath of life; he shook Ge Guang’s hand: "Son, you need to remember you are Ge tribe’s leader. For the tribe, never let yourself be impetuous and let your emotions affect you!"


 With these words, the old tribe leader’s body stiffened and his raised head also softly fell down.


 Life left his body. This Ge tribe leader who did his utmost for the tribe, becoming the leader at thirty-eight, and dying in battle at eighty-seven. For Ge tribe, he did everything that he could, using every last drop of his blood.


 To protect Ge tribe, he fought an intense battle against the wolf group and bravely sacrificed himself!


 "Father? Father!!" Ge Guang howled, not willing to accept this cruel reality.


 But truth was truth, since it had already happened, there is no way to salvage or change it.


 "Father..."


 "Old tribe leader..."


 The battlefield was engulfed in great sadness and crying voices lingered in everyone’s ears.


 ...


 Dawn gradually approached, in the main tent, bright light had been kept on for the entire night.


 At daybreak, Man Tu finally received a letter Gu from the battlefield.


 "As long as we take over Ge tribe, our Man tribe’s power will double!" With this expectation, he opened the letter Gu and hurriedly skimmed through it.


 His gaze soon dimmed, disappointment appearing on his face.


 "Lord father, could it be that even though we exerted almost all our forces, we still didn’t succeed?" Man Duo was at the side, having waited similarly for a long time.


 Man Tu let out a long sigh: "The night wolf group had already charged to Ge tribe camp, but Ge tribe leader and Chang Shan Yin joined hands to gather all their high level strength and staked everything on a counterattack. Chang Shan Yin subdued the night wolf king and put an end to the desperate battle. Ge tribe made a comeback..."


 "Chang Shan Yin, him again..." Man Duo fell into deep silence.


 Soon after, his eyes brightened as he suggested: "Lord father, we have not lost yet, there is still the final third wave of the wind wolf group. I have a plan."


 "Ah? Speak."


 "Our Man tribe was defeated twice, the real reason being the Wolf King Chang Shan Yin. This person is indeed amazing, as long as we get rid of him, Ge tribe will be ours."


 "What plan do you have, speak up, don’t keep me in suspense."


 Man Duo laughed sinisterly and frankly said: "Chang Shan Yin has subdued the night wolf king, this is his strength but also his weakness. With the night wolf king, he has control over the wolf night wolf group. Such huge battle strength surpasses the whole of Ge tribe. Chang Shan Yin has become a ferocious beast that is lying beside Ge tribe, as long as he has a slightly bad intention, Ge tribe will be in danger. An astute person like Ge tribe leader will definitely be fearful and afraid. We will use this to spread rumors and make Ge tribe suspicious of Chang Shan Yin, driving a wedge between them."


 Man Tu regretfully sighed: "This plan is good, but is no longer useful. I haven’t told you that the Ge tribe leader has already died under the night wolf king. Ge Guang has already succeeded the tribe leader position."


 "What?" Man Duo was stunned, "That old fox actually died? How could it happen so coincidentally?"


 With the Ge tribe leader’s death, the whole Ge tribe only had Chang Shan Yin as a rank four Gu Master, others simply could not compete with him.


 Add in the losses the Ge tribe suffered after two battles, and Chang Shan Yin’s wolf group enlarging to over twenty thousand, the strength between the two sides was already completely overturned. The situation was all up to Fang Yuan now and with his high prestige, no rumors could shake his authority.


 "Ge tribe leader died, but the Wolf King still remains strong and has again subdued a large wolf group. Lord father, does this mean we have no more chance?" Man Duo asked indignantly.


 Man Tu snorted, he put the letter Gu on the table and got up from his seat, pacing across the main tent with his hands behind his back.


 "What more can we do? Are we going to mobilize the tribe and send troops? We have already lost the excuse called Ge Yao, we have no proper reasons left. This time, I listened to your plan and mobilized the elders, that was already overstepping the borders. Chang Shan Yin, our Man tribe lost simply because of this person." Man Tu heaved a long sigh.


 "Then the third wave of wolf group..." Man Duo hesitated before asking.


 A ferocious light flashed past Man Tu’s eyes: "Since we have already reached this stage, then continue luring them. We will create even more losses to Ge tribe. If this wind wolf group is also taken by Chang Shan Yin, then I will wait to see the great Wolf King make a fool out of himself!"


 ...


 Several days later, Fang Yuan let his large army and welcomed the wind wolf group.


 With his exquisite control, he was able to gain a huge victory. Besides killing the myriad wind wolf king, he also subdued large numbers of thousand wolf kings and hundred wolf kings.


 After calculating the results after the battle, Fang Yuan discovered his wolf group had already reached an enormous number of thirty-five thousand.


 It was like doing business, the early stage was the most difficult, once capital was accumulated, it would be easy to expand.


 After three battles, Fang Yuan’s army of wolves had taken its form.


 But to reach this stage, Ge tribe also paid a huge price. Countless mortals died along with large numbers of higher-up Gu Masters. Less than half of the elders remained and even Ge tribe leader had to sacrifice himself.


 "Uncle Chang, it is really thanks to you that our Ge tribe could break away from Man tribe’s control." Several days later, Ge Guang paid a visit to Fang Yuan, bringing a rank four impermanence bone Gu with him.


 "Uncle Chang’s favor to Ge tribe is as great as the mountains and rivers. But Ge tribe is beset with difficulties inside and out, so we are not able to repay your kindness. Junior saw this rank four Gu in the tribe’s warehouse, I thought it might be of use to uncle so I brought it over." Ge Guang calmly said.


 Setbacks force people to mature. With his father’s death, Ge Guang received the position and became the tribe leader. His entire personality seemed to have changed and was much more steadfast.


 "You have only recently assumed the tribe leader position and have been managing the tribe, if you need any help, you can tell me. Maybe there are some disagreements with the other elders, you can tell me." Fang Yuan accepted the impermanence bone Gu and asked in concern.


 "There might be two-faced elders. It is only that the tribe has few primeval stones currently and we also suffered huge losses to our provisions, providing for the injured and so on are emptying the tribe warehouse. The situation has stabilized now, several days ago, some tribesmen even secretly escaped. Sigh, especially the matter regarding food, if this continues, the provisions will be emptied out in half a month and the whole tribe will have to go hungry." Ge Guang said this and looked at Fang Yuan, his gaze somewhat evasive.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: "I know what you want to say, the tribe has to expend a lot to feed my wolf group."


 Ge Guang promptly stood up: "Junior is ashamed, uncle Chang has shown kindness to our Ge tribe, but right now, Uncle you..."


 "Hehehe, no matter. Actually, even if you had not mentioned it today, I would have done so. The wolf group’s number has gone up a lot, I do not wish to trouble your tribe. So I will personally lead the wolf group to hunt for food. At the same time, while hunting, I will intentionally cut down on their numbers. The wolf meat produced can be used as rations for Ge tribesmen." Fang Yuan warmly smiled.


 "Uncle Chang, I don’t know what I can say to express my respect towards you!" Ge Guang was moved, his eyes reddened as he realized a friend in need is a friend indeed.


 "Speaking of it, I am also to blame for your father’s death. After all, I made that suggestion. I will reduce my wolf group to thirty-two thousand, I will move along with your Ge tribe, I’m sure you need this protective force as well, do you understand what I am saying?"


 "I understand."


 Fang Yuan patted his shoulder: "Work hard, don’t let down your father’s expectations. You can leave now."


 "Yes, I will take my leave."


 Looking at Ge Guang’s receding figure, Fang Yuan sneered.


 The young man was so naive and tender, if Ge tribe leader was here, he would already have tried all ways to weaken the wolf group right now.


 After all, Fang Yuan already had the strength to exterminate the whole Ge tribe.



***
Chapter 459: Lang Ya Blessed Land


***





 Chapter 459: Lang Ya Blessed Land


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The sun slowly rose from the east, as rays shone down on the vast, limitless grassland.


 Enormous iron-shelled flowers bloomed at a visible rate. A small pink rabbit jumped out of the flower.


 This was a pink flower rabbit, a common animal in the grassland.


 It did not dig holes, but instead lived in the stamen of the iron-shelled flowers. Iron-shelled flowers had steel like firm petals and could defend against wolves and birds.


 The pink flower rabbit hopped towards a flower. It sniffed first and after sensing there was no poison, it began to eat it.


 Suddenly, the pink flower rabbit’s ears twitched, an intense warning emerging in its heart.


 Whoosh.


 Immediately, an iron feather arrow shot through it and stabbed into the grassland.


 Two investigative Gu Masters were coming over from a distance on their hump wolf.


 "Brother, your iron feather arrow Gu never misses."


 "Sigh, the provisions in the tribe have been decreasing. We have no choice but to hunt down wild animals and provide food for the tribesmen."


 The two were talking about Ge tribe’s recent situation with worried expressions.


 Although Fang Yuan decreased the numbers of his wolves and the dead wolves were also made into dried meat, to Ge tribe that had so many tribesmen, it could only ease a portion of their problems regarding supplies.


 As the provisions decreased further, Ge tribesmen were panicking.


 The two investigative Gu Masters continued forward.


 Not long later, Ge tribe’s troops also moved here like an old beast.


 Most of the mortals were pulling big stomach horses, while some slightly well-off households were letting curved-horn bulls pull handcarts which were packed with goods.


 Gu Masters were mostly riding on hump wolves and because there was no need to battle, a lot of goods were tied around the hump wolves as well.


 Besides these, there were also the lizard house Gu that were very prominent, moving forward like an elephant with their huge legs.


 Fang Yuan was lying in a lizard house Gu, his eyes closed as he rested his mind while meditating.


 After he had taken in large numbers of wolves, the burden on his soul had become very heavy. Every day, he needed to sleep for at least four hours, and also close his eyes to rest his spirits from time to time.


 It was not easy to become an enslavement path Gu Master.


 Every path had its own expertise and advantages. At the same time, there were also disadvantages and difficulties.


 His body followed lizard house Gu’s movement, bobbing up and down. His mind went into his aperture.


 The true gold primeval sea was slightly bellowing in waves, the crystal walls were bright and clear. With such degree of clearness, if he was in Hu Immortal blessed land, he could have already tried advancing to rank five.


 But right now, Fang Yuan was in northern plains and his cultivation was slowed down temporarily.


 He looked at his Gu worms.


 His vital Gu rank six Spring Autumn Cicada was hiding its figure, hibernating at the center of the aperture.


 Above the sea, a lump of dark cloud with the shape of a wolf was floating. This was the wolf smoke Gu, used specifically to heal wolves.


 On the surface of the primeval sea was the rank five battle bone wheel; it still had many cracks and was drifting along with the waves.


 The snow wash Gu was doing the same. It was like a snow willow leaf floating on surface of the sea.


 Hints and clues Gu that looked like a cuttlefish was swimming in the primeval sea.


 At the bottom of the sea were large numbers of wolf enslavement Gu; there were many rank two, few rank three and no rank four wolf enslavement Gu.


 There were also two Strength of ten Jun Gu at the bottom. Fang Yuan had bought five Strength of ten Jun Gu, he had used three and now only two remained.


 A Gu with the head of a wolf and stomach of a fish was lying at the bottom of the sea, roaming around from time to time.


 This was wolf swallow Gu, a rank four storage Gu.


 Fang Yuan had another storage Gu as well. It looked like a cup, it was the rank five moving perspective cup Gu. Naturally, it only had rank four effectiveness in northern plains.


 Besides the ones in the aperture, there was a vague second pupil in Fang Yuan’s left eye; it was wolf care Gu.


 In his throat was wolf howl Gu.


 On the underside of his tongue was ghost fire Gu.


 On his chest was an azure wolf tattoo; it was azure wolf skin Gu.


 On his back was a tattoo of a pair of eagle wings; it was rank three eagle wings Gu.


 He also had bone bamboo Gu and wolf soul Gu, but they were already used up.


 There were two rank four wolf sprint Gu on both his feet, they were used for movement.


 Of course, Immortal Gu fixed immortal travel was buried in poison grassland.


 "I have inherited Chang Shan Yin’s set of Gu worms. Now, I have tens of thousands of wolves, I can say that I already have achieved small success in enslavement path."


 But with this level of strength, bullying the weak was possibly but there were still many glaring weaknesses when fighting against experts.


 Enslavement path’s Gu Master’s greatest fear was ’beheading the leader’ tactics. When Fang Yuan collaborated with Ge tribe earlier, they were dealing with a wolf group that did not have high intelligence. It would be much more difficult to fight against Gu Masters.


 As long as the Gu Master was not stupid, they would target Fang Yuan first.


 Back then, Chang Shan Yin was able to kill off Ha Tu Gu’s group of bandits; besides having thousand man soul, he had several myriad wolf kings, hundreds of thousands of wolves, and even a trump card; a pack of elite wolves made up of mutated white-eye wolves.


 Fang Yuan’s current strength in enslavement path was not even twenty percent of the real Chang Shan Yin.


 "My biggest problem now is that I have hit a bottleneck, my cultivation in all aspects have halted. Regarding my soul, I have already cultivated a wolfman soul, and to further strengthen it, the best method is to use guts Gu. Unfortunately, I am in northern plains and cannot go back to Hu Immortal blessed land. Dang Hun mountain is also dying, waiting for me to save it. Because of Immortal Gu Gruel Mud’s effects, fewer guts Gu are being produced now."


 Several days ago, Fang Yuan used impermanence bone Gu to completely transform his bones into impermanence bones.


 Human bodies were like leather bags where soul was stowed. Impermanence bones allowed Fang Yuan to make this leather bag firmer, containing thousand man soul was no longer a problem.


 "My cultivation has stagnated because of the suppression from the region. My soul has also reached a bottleneck. Regarding strength path, after using three Strength of ten Jun Gu and raising my strength by thirty jun, it had also reached my body’s limit."


 "Besides this, with the explosive expansion of the wolf group, the disadvantage of enslavement path has become prominent. To feed these wolf group, I have to release them every day to let them hunt by themselves or lead them to hunt, and if my luck is bad, they might have to starve. The burden is too heavy and the resource consumption is also a lot. If this task was not entrusted to Ge tribe, it would not be something I can do alone."


 Fang Yuan had taken the initiative to reduce the numbers of the wolf wolf group to reduce the pressure on him.


 Enslavement path Gu Masters consumed a lot of resources and were often only raised by large scale clans. Even super clans could only nurture two to three of them.


 These days, Fang Yuan had been considering how to solve the problem of food.


 Different from others, he had one great advantage; he controlled a blessed land.


 If the wolf group could be sent to the blessed land for feeding and be taken out when he needed them, this problem would be perfectly resolved.


 But Hu Immortal blessed land was in central continent and hole earth Gu’s range was limited to a region. That is to say, hole earth Gu could connect to any place in central continent, but it would be useless beyond central continent.


 Hole earth Gu was of no use, so Fang Yuan thought of stargate Gu.


 This was a new Gu invented during the chaotic battle of the five regions in his past life.


 It was a rank five expendable Gu and had stricter activation requirements than hole earth Gu. It could only be activated using the power of the stars in black heaven, and only during the night when there were many stars in the sky.


 But it had a huge range that traverse the five regions.


 Fang Yuan had the recipe for stargate Gu, but the materials required were rare; it needed many ancient Gu worms and one or two supplementary materials were even from the immemorial era.


 Moreover, the refinement success rate of stargate Gu was extremely low, there might not even be one success out of a hundred refinement attempts.


 A reason as to why Fang Yuan did not try to exchange for the materials to make stargate Gu in his transaction with Immortal Crane Sect was this.


 Another important reason was blue charm lightning shadow.


 After Fang Yuan expelled the blue charm lightning shadow from the blessed land, it had been hovering around Tian Ti mountain, not having the slightest intent to give up entering Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Immortal Crane Sect also did not take care of this problem, the Gu Immortals on Tian Ti mountain also only cared about their own problems and did not bother about other people’s misfortune.


 How was the use of stargate Gu and blue charm lightning shadow related?


 As mentioned earlier, stargate Gu needed time to absorb the power of the stars in black heaven to form. But Hu Immortal blessed land was a world of its own and had neither a sun nor stars.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to absorb the power of the stars, he would have to open the entrance and let the starlight from the outside world enter.


 But if he did this, blue charm lightning shadow would use the chance to break in.


 The trade-off was absolutely unacceptable.


 Dang Hun mountain was dying, its might had greatly reduced; if blue charm lightning shadow entered the blessed land, it would make the current situation many times worse.


 Thus, stargate Gu could not be used.


 "It seems I can only look at Lang Ya blessed land to see if there is a way to resolve this. According to this speed, we will reach crescent lake in about seven days."


 Fang Yuan sighed, placing his hopes on Lang Ya blessed land.


 ...


 In the dark night with sparse stars, the moon shone brightly and cold wind blew.


 On the grassland, there was a crescent moon shaped lake that was fifteen thousand li long and five thousand li wide. The two ends of the lakes were bent and pointed while the middle part was wide like a crescent moon. The lake was tranquil and gave off a crystal-like sparkle. The crescent moon in the sky and the crescent lake gave off their respective light.


 It was crescent lake.


 The aquatic plants were plentiful here, the surrounding was tranquil, and many kinds of living beings lived here.


 There were three-horned rhinos, water wolves, dragon-fish, iron-shelled flowers, steep cliff grass and so on. Horseshoe trees surrounded this lake, forming a sparse woodland.


 Lumps of pitch black dark clouds surged over from far away, bringing a chilling and evil aura.


 The dark clouds blocked the moonlight and casted a dense shadow. The shadow was like an evil beast, crossing across the crescent lake’s surface and stopping at its center.


 "It is here." Several people stood on the cloud, and one of them was cackling.


 He was ugly, his forehead was bulging out, his eye sockets were deep, his eyes were closed, and his ears were big and conspicuous. Having disheveled hair and wearing a black robe, he was giving off a thick evil aura.


 It was none other than the rank six Gu Immortal — Gui Wang.


 "Lang Ya blessed land is hidden here?" Loner Hong Yu casually asked from the side.


 He was also a rank six Gu Immortal; with the appearance of a youth, round face and fair appearance.


 "I personally investigated this, there can be no mistake. Calculating the time, it will soon be the time for Lang Ya blessed land to face its earthly calamity. Kekekek, we will observe the changes first and make our move together when the time comes." Gui Wang’s tone was filled with confidence.



***
Chapter 460: Number One Refinement Path Immortal of All Times


***





 Chapter 460: Number One Refinement Path Immortal of All Times


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Time passed bit by bit. The several figures on the dark clouds waited quietly.


 Other than Gui Wang and Loner Hong Yu, there were also three female immortals.


 Each of these three immortals were beautiful and charming; they were the Hua Hai three immortals.


 The cold looking blue robed immortal was Fairy Qing Suo. The petite and fair girl wearing a yellow garment was Fairy Huang Sha. The coquettish girl wearing a pink skirt was Fairy Fen Meng.


 The three stood together at some distance away from Gui Wang and Loner Hong Yu; like they were on different sides.


 Fairy Qing Suo looked at crescent lake while Fairy Huang Sha and Fairy Fen Meng were conversing softly, glancing at Gui Wang and Loner Hong Yu from time to time with vigilant gazes.


 Not mentioning Gui Wang’s ugly appearance that caused the three beauties to feel revulsion, Loner Hong Yu killed his own parents to refine a Gu, and betrayed his brothers, it caused the three female immortals of the righteous path to feel contempt.


 But Lang Ya blessed land was an extremely important matter, the Gu Immortal that had resided here before was the famous ’number one refinement path immortal’— Long Hair Ancestor.


 This person had rank eight cultivation and was extremely proficient in refinement path, having great talent in refinement path that was rare even during immemorial times.


 He had lived a long life, he lived during the era of two venerables; Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 What did this mean? This meant that these two rank nine Gu Immortals did not live as long as him.


 His refinement path talent even made Thieving Heaven and Giant Sun, two venerables, sigh in admiration countless times, and concede to him. They had both requested Long Hair Ancestor to refine Gu for them.


 In the statistics made by later generations, Long Hair Ancestor had refined at least thirty-eight Immortal Gu in his life; this was only the conclusive summary, it did not account for his many legends and rumors.


 However, such a person also could not fight against the flow of the river of time and finally died of old age.


 According to the rumors, he became a land spirit after death and was still refining Gu incessantly in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Lang Ya blessed land was Long Hair Ancestor’s residence, thus it contained large amounts of Gu worms recipes, including recipes for Immortal Gu!


 Hua Hai three immortals might not like Gui Wang and Loner Hong Yu, but the allure of Immortal Gu recipe was enough to let them set aside their righteous path identity and collaborate with these two demonic path Gu Immortals.


 Time slowly passed.


 Crack.


 Suddenly a soft sound echoed, the space on top of crescent lake cracked open and revealed a shining flash of lightning.


 "The earthly calamity has begun!" Gui Wang shouted excitedly.


 For a while, above the center of crescent lake, lightning rumbled unceasingly.


 This was no doubt the descent of the earthly calamity, having created a hole in the blessed land.


 Loner Hong Yu’s gaze shone as he stared at this scene without blinking.


 Hua Hai three immortals glanced at each other and saw the excitement in each other’s eyes; their breathing also became faster.


 Immortal Gu were difficult to find, none of these five Gu Immortals possessed a single Immortal Gu. Of course, they had rank five Gu, and in large amounts at that, with all of them being top quality Gu.


 But no matter how many mortal Gu they had, it could not match a single Immortal Gu.


 Gu Immortals’ thirst for Immortal Gu were much more greater than a lecherous person seeing an absolute beauty.


 Rumble...


 Thunder rumbled in the air above the lake with lightning smashing down continually, resembling a thunderstorm pouring from above.


 The second hole, third hole... the earthly calamity created hole after holes.


 "This is the earthly calamity — ’Endless Thunder and Lightning Rain’, such terrifying might." Loner Hong Yu expressed shock at this sight.


 "If this occurred in our Hua Hai blessed land, even if we three sisters join forces, we might not be able to resist it. Lang Ya blessed land is indeed worthy of being Long Hair Ancestor’s residence, can we really snatch the Immortal Gu recipe this time?" Hua Hai three immortals looked at each other, their faces were pale.


 Previously, Gui Wang had given them many benefits and thus Hua Hai three immortals came rushing over. Now, the three felt this task would not be easy and forcing their way into Lang Ya blessed land would not be a simple matter.


 Gu Immortals were the elites of the human race with wisdom that far surpassed the norm.


 Be it the Hua Hai three immortals or Loner Hong Yu, they were all cautious and vigilant.


 Gui Wang observed everyone’s expressions and coarsely laughed: "This dogshit world has always been trying to maintain balance! Blessed land has fortune, so the world sends down calamities and tribulations, doing all that it can to wear down this fortune. The better the blessed land is managed, the stronger the calamities and tribulations they will face. Look at the might of this ’endless thunder and lightning rain’, isn’t it comparable to those blessed lands that has forbidden grounds? Everyone, just think of it, how many recipes are stored in this Lang Ya blessed land? There are definitely many Immortal Gu recipes, otherwise why would this shitty heaven send down such a powerful earthly calamity?"


 These words moved the immortals’ heart.


 Desire and vigor appeared in these people’s gaze when they thought of the Immortal Gu.


 "Gui Wang is right. I have also entered some blessed lands before, and those ownerless blessed lands that were on the verge of collapse had earthly calamities that were as weak as a drizzle. But the blessed land is extremely important, which Gu Immortal would not want it to develop well?" Loner Hong Yu laughed bitterly: "The more developed the blessed land, the stronger the calamities and tribulations, it is not easy to be a Gu Immortal..."


 "Kekekekek... cultivation means going against heaven, this shitty heaven wants to weaken us and suppress us, so we have to go against it and progress." Gui Wang added.


 "Both of you are rather extreme. Cultivation is actually following the mandate of heaven. We use Gu worms to study the great Dao and law of the world. We manage the blessed land in order to bring blessings and nurture fortune in place of heaven and earth, for all living things to prosper." Immortal Qing Suo retorted with a clear and pleasant voice.


 Loner Hong Yu did not reply, he did not want to argue about this topic, considering the situation.


 This was the difference in ideals between demonic path and righteous path. Since immemorial times, the difference in perspective had been debated with no conclusion to which is closer to the truth.


 Gui Wang laughed and pointed to the hole below: "The earthly calamity has become even more dangerous. To prevent the land spirit from cutting off these holes, we should strike now."


 "Alright." Loner Hong Yu expressed his support.


 "Please make a move first, Gui Wang." The three immortal fairies reached a consensus.


 Gui Wang snickered and took out a green grape immortal essence bead, he then activated a Gu worm that flew towards the hole while holding the immortal essence bead.


 This Gu worm entered the blessed land, but it was either suppressed or destroyed by the earthly calamity, as Gui Wang instantly lost his connection with it.


 However, Gui Wang’s green grape immortal essence also entered Lang Ya blessed land and immediately exploded, causing the immortal essence in Lang Ya blessed land to be expended.


 To Gu Immortals, every bead of immortal essence was very precious. Normally, the Gu Immortals would always try to accumulate them and would not use them lightly unless absolutely necessary.


 Seeing Gui Wang act act as the example, the other four successively sent out an immortal essence bead.


 Gui Wang sent his second immortal essence bead, and the others also sent their second immortal essence bead.


 After Gu Immortals die, they would form into the land spirit, but will no longer produce immortal essence. The immortal essence left for the land spirit, would decrease the more it was used, while Gui Wang and the group were four people and occupied the advantage in numbers.


 But even after a hundred rounds, this Lang Ya blessed land still had immortal essence to use.


 Besides Gui Wang, the other immortals showed signs of hesitation.


 "That Long Hair Ancestor was a rank eight Gu Immortal, although he died, the immortal essence he left were white litchi immortal essence. One hundred green grape immortal essence beads cannot compare to one white litchi immortal essence." When it was Fairy Fen Meng’s turn, she held a green grape immortal essence bead but did not immediately make a move.


 Gui Wang’s eyes flickered with a dark light and sneered: "What are you afraid of? Long Hair Ancestor is a person from Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s times, and did everything to prolong his life till he was struggling at death’s door during Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s times, and finally died of old age. Although he left behind white litchi immortal essence, but the blessed land has already endured through the eras of Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable. The former Lang Ya grotto-heaven had already fell and became a blessed land. Now, how much white litchi immortal essence would there be left? Probably only some diluted immortal essence paste."


 Loner Hong Yu chuckled: "Gui Wang makes sense. You guys also saw the earthly calamity just before. Lang Ya blessed land holds so many recipes, even including many Immortal Gu recipes, this good fortune is too big and thus the earthly calamity is so strong. Even if it has more white litchi immortal essence left, they would also be quickly exhausted."


 "In this world, the daring are rewarded and the cowards starve! Throw in more immortal essence, having invested so much already, do we give up at this point? We might not be that far from succeeding." Gui Wang enticed.


 The three female immortals glanced at each other, Fairy Qing Suo spoke: "You are correct, but our immortal essence was saved by us bit by bit, and did not appear out of nowhere. Let’s do this, we will throw in fifty more beads and see what happens."


 Like this, after sending immortal essence beads for fifty more rounds, Lang Ya blessed land started to show its inability to keep up.


 Gui Wang laughed heartily as he cackled.


 The three female immortals used to feel that Gui Wang’s laughter was coarse and ear-piercing, but now they felt happiness from hearing it. They could almost see the Immortal Gu recipes beckoning them.


 Thirty more rounds later, the four immortals’ immortal essence entered the blessed land and inflated, mutually affecting each other and creating a chain explosion, but the blessed land had no activity.


 This meant the blessed land’s immortal essence was used up!


 "Everyone, I shall move first!" Gui Wang suddenly laughed, and flapped his blue-black bat wings towards the hole, and was the first one to enter Lang Ya blessed land.


 "Not good!" Loner Hong Yu shouted, and fearing he would fall behind, he turned into a red light and shot ahead.


 "These demonic path Gu Masters are indeed treacherous and crafty!"


 Hua Hai three immortals twitched their nose with anger and quickly followed behind.


 The three immortals entered the blessed land and felt their rank five Gu could be casually activated.


 "Lang Ya blessed land’s immortal essence has definitely been emptied!" Fairy Huang Sha said with excitement.


 The three immortals charged past the endless thunder and lightning rain and arrived at the depths of the blessed land.


 However, what they saw was a scene of white clouds covering the whole area.


 In the sea of clouds, there were twelve buildings, each decorated grandly and was majestic, having the beauty of a thousand years of history. Around the buildings; immortal cranes flew, feathermen hovered in the air, colorful clouds moved around and the fragrance of sandalwood pervaded the air.


 "This is cloud soil, one can step on it like real land and its soil is very fertile, far surpassing the mortal world’s soil." Fairy Qing Suo stepped with her beautiful feet and spoke excitedly.


 "A scene worthy of the Old Ancestor Immortal!" Fairy Fen Meng exclaimed in admiration.


 "Legend has it that within the twelve cloud buildings, there are countless recipes stored! To think I can see them personally today." Fairy Huang Sha felt really fortunate.


 "Hahaha, everything is mine!" Far away, Gui Wang’s ear-piercing voice spread to them, he was flying into a building on the sea of clouds.


 As for Loner Hong Yu, he had already approached a nearby cloud building.


 Hua Hai three immortals frowned and after looking at each other, they flew separately towards three cloud buildings.



***
Chapter 461: Prophecy of Three Venerables


***





 Chapter 461: Prophecy of Three Venerables


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Several days later.


 Carts rumbled and horses neighed.


 Ge tribesmen arrived at crescent lake and set up camp around the sparse horseshoe trees.


 Ge Guang and the Ge tribe’s higher-ups could finally heave a sigh of relief.


 Aquatic plants were plentiful here along with large numbers of beast groups. They could hold a hunting festival and store provisions for their later journey.


 "We finally arrived." Fang Yuan was overwhelmed in his heart.


 At night, he used the excuse of leading the wolf group to hunt to leave Ge tribe’s sight.


 It was a moonless night, but there were many stars.


 The wolf group sprinted against the flow of the night wind as they discovered several small-mid sized beast groups, devouring them one by one.


 The wolf group excitedly howled, they had been in a half-starving state these days and now they could eat to their fill.


 Even if he had a group of thirty thousand wolves, Fang Yuan still carefully maneuvered the wolf group’s movement. The wolf group might be of a large scale, but crescent lake had many dangers, there was an even larger group of water wolves, a three-horned rhino group and a group of a thousand mutated beasts, and finally, a worm group that had hundreds of thousands and even up to a million insects.


 Of course these worm groups and beast groups had their own territory and would not move around everywhere like those on the grassland.


 There was plenty of aquatic plants beside crescent lake; they did not need to move around to search for food.


 As long as Fang Yuan and Ge tribe did not invade their territory, the beasts and worms would not find any issues with them.


 According to his previous life’s memories, Fang Yuan moved along the lakeside towards the east and arrived at a stone forest.


 This stone forest was very common; there were stone pillars which were grey, purplish black, greenish-yellow and so on, quietly standing straight with a precise distance between them.


 There were many stone forests beside crescent lake, but this particular forest was rather special. If someone looked from high above, they would only see grey-white stone pillars and would discover that the stone pillars vaguely formed into a ’thief’ 1 character.


 This stone forest had a really impressive origin; it was personally created by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Back then, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable requested Long Hair Ancestor to refine a Gu for him. Thus, he made a bet with him, he won three rounds out of five; the Long Hair Ancestor had no choice but to accept his loss and agreed to refine the Gu.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable wanted to enter the legendary space door all his life, and requested Long Hair Ancestor to refine the Immortal Gu — Space Escape Gu, an Immortal Gu that could allow a Gu Master to enter the space door.


 He placed all his effort in researching the recipe for it. Long Hair Ancestor was very excited and felt that the recipe was good and proper, but there were some places that could be improved.


 After discussing with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, the Demon Venerable became very happy and exclaimed that Long Hair Ancestor’s refinement path attainment far surpassed his.


 The two immortals cooperated and spent twenty-one years to successfully refine ’Space Escape Gu’.


 However, although this Gu was refined and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could activate it, it was not able to enter the Space Door no matter what he did.


 The Demon Venerable felt discouraged and the proud Long Hair Ancestor also suffered a huge setback.


 Later, Long Hair Ancestor researched with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable but did not make any progress. The space escape Gu became the only failure in Long Hair Ancestor’s life.


 It was said that even at his deathbed, Long Hair Ancestor could not forget this. His good friend Immortal Yi Yan could not endure seeing his old friend pass away like this and expended fifty years of his life to deduce the future.


 He predicted that many years later, after three great eras, three venerables would appear, two men and one woman. The first was Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, second was Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable and third was Great Dream Immortal Venerable. As for the problem regarding the space escape Gu, it would be solved by Great Dream Immortal Venerable.


 Immortal Yi Yan was a rank eight wisdom path Gu Immortal and was proficient in making predictions, he often made accurate one sentence predictions, and was thus known as Immortal Yi Yan 2 . And this deduced prophecy would later be known as the famous ’Prophecy of Three Venerables’.


 Sure enough, the world went through countless changes and continuously moved forward, after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable appeared. After the Demon Venerable died, a rank nine male Gu Immortal appeared in righteous path and was, as predicted, known as Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable.


 Now Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was already dead, ’Prophecy of Three Venerables’ was mostly complete, only Great Dream Immortal Venerable who has yet to be born remains.


 Speaking of it, Long Hair Ancestor was both happy and sad at this prophecy.


 Happy because the problem of space escape Gu could finally be resolved. Sad because he would not be able to see that day.


 Long Hair Ancestor died and turned into a land spirit with only one obsession - to see Great Dream Immortal Venerable. As long as she solved the problem of space escape Gu, the whole Lang Ya blessed land would belong to her.


 "Back then, when Long Hair Ancestor refined the space escape Gu for Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, the result was a failure but they could not find the problem with it. Being greatly embarrassed, he promised to refine nine more Gu worms for Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and he would even provide all the materials required to refine the Gu. Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable later requested Long Hair Ancestor to refine six Immortal Gu. Before Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable mysteriously disappeared, he set up his inheritances in the five regions and made an agreement with Long Hair Ancestor that the remaining three chances for Gu refinement will be left for his inheritor. Long Hair Ancestor agreed and the two made a secret code."


 "After more than a decade from now, one of the Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritances would suddenly activate and be known by everyone. The content of the inheritance is a riddle and the riddle points towards Lang Ya blessed land. From then on, a craze of solving riddles in northern plains with countless people trying to solve it started. The rumors spread endlessly, but no one succeeded."


 "Later, Ma Hong Yun was forced to flee after being defeated on the battlefield and came running to crescent lake. At the lakeside, he encountered a premeditated ambush. Panicked and left with no choice, he ran over to this stone forest and accidentally discovered a passage in the stone forest. Going through this secret passage, he entered Lang Ya blessed land and met the land spirit. After getting the secret code right, Lang Ya land spirit refined three Gu worms for him as per the agreement."


 "Ma Hong Yun obtained these three rank five Gu and after recovering from his injuries, he returned to the stone forest and turned the tide with great might; starting all over again and finally, he obtained the throne of the imperial court for the second time."


 Fang Yuan recalled while slowly moving forward.


 Then, his eyes brightened and he stopped before a purple stone pillar.


 This stone pillar was also common, but a stone that was flat like a stool was near the bottom of the pillar.


 During that time, after Ma Hong Yun was defeated, he was chased by the enemy troops and was already on the verge of death. He fled to this place and had nowhere to run with his injuries reaching a critical state.


 He sat on this stone stool and gazed up at the sky while leaning on the stone pillar.


 Suddenly, he felt that this stone pillar looked like his dear wife.


 His consciousness was on the verge of collapsing, he used his blood-stained hand to gently caress the stone pillar and said with deep love: "Lian Yun, oh Lian Yun... I really regret not listening to your advice. I want to see you, I want to tell you personally: I love you, I was wrong..."


 At this time, the enemies had already arrived and were raising their sabres high.


 But at the next moment!


 Ma Hong Yun suddenly disappeared; he had entered Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan sat at this stone stool, leaning on the pillar and gazing up.


 But he could not see a woman’s appearance anywhere on the stone pillar.


 Fang Yuan laughed uncontrollably: "It seems this Ma Hong Yun was just thinking of his wife when he stared at the stone pillar. His longing was so deep that he could see Zhao Lian Yun on anything."


 This Zhao Lian Yun was also a weird woman, in the future she became a wisdom path Gu Immortal and was a good wife to Ma Hong Yun, helping him strategise. But currently, she was only a little girl.


 Fang Yuan took out a dagger and cut his flesh, letting the fresh blood smear this purple stone pillar.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had put a mysterious Gu worm on this purple stone pillar. Blood was only the first criteria for its activation, there was still the second criteria, that was to say ’I want’.


 When Fang Yuan said these two words, his body instantly disappeared and his vision suddenly changed.


 When he regained his senses, he was in a room.


 In the room, the smell of an alchemy furnace wafted in the air. There were dragon pillars, golden curtains, crane lanterns and vermillion windows.


 A sagely old man was sitting cross legged on a bed of cloud, his eyes closed as if he was meditating.


 He was thin with white hair, having a beard that reached his chest and a ruddy face like that of a baby’s. He was wearing a wide robe and the two sleeves were fluttering in the air.


 "Demon Venerable’s inheritor Chang Shan Yin has come to pay respects." Fang Yuan touched his chest with his right hand and slightly bowed.


 "You are Chang Shan Yin?" The old man slightly opened his eyes, his eyes flashed with bright light as he looked at Fang Yuan with a gaze that seemed to materialized, "This outer skin of yours is quite interesting. Hm... you used human skin along with shame plum, autumn voice grass. Hmm, there is also pill fire Gu, medicine strength Gu, and some..."


 The land spirit frowned deeply and caressed his beard, a hesitant expression on his face.


 He could actually see through Fang Yuan’s disguise and even roughly deduce human skin Gu’s recipe by just observing.


 "Lad, do you want to exchange this Gu worm’s recipe? I will use a similar grade Gu worm to exchange for it. Or you can choose a similar grade Gu worm recipe. Ah, right! Secret code, the secret code!" After speaking for a while, the land spirit suddenly remembered the secret code and smacked his head.


 Fang Yuan shrugged his shoulders: "The secret code that you created with the Demon Venerable back then? Ha, there is no secret code. As for the human skin Gu recipe, I cannot exchange it yet."


 "You don’t want to exchange? Why!" The land spirit was furious, a heavy pressure pressed down on Fang Yuan; he could not budge, his whole skeleton emitted creaking noises under the suppression.


 But he sneered with no concern: "I have my reasons for not doing the exchange. You do not need to know about it!"


 The land spirit laughed sinisterly: "Hehe, you don’t want to exchange, then I shall imprison you here and peel off your skin. After studying it few times, I can reverse engineer the recipe of this human skin Gu."


 "No, you can’t make a move on me." Fang Yuan was confident, "I am Demon Venerable’s inheritor, you can’t do anything to me before the agreement of the three Gu is completed."


 According to Earth’s understanding, the land spirit was equivalent to an artificial intelligence.


 Except that, this land spirit birthed from Long Hair Ancestor had quite a high intelligence and was good at scaring others. In his past life, Ma Hong Yun had been scared by the land spirit and lost the precious opportunity to refine Immortal Gu, refining only three rank five Gu. After that incident, Ma Hong Yun regretted it endlessly. After becoming a Gu Immortal, whenever he thought of this matter, he would wring his hands and sigh.


 "You!" The land spirit blew its beard and opened its eyes which seemed to puff out fire; a posture that seemed ready to kill.


 But Fang Yuan remained unmoved.


 The land spirit kept on staring for a long while before suddenly turning exhausted like a ball that was leaking air.


 He then scowled miserably and got off the bed of clouds, walking towards Fang Yuan and softly pleaded while pulling his sleeves: "Young lad, please do a good deed and exchange this recipe with me, please?!"


 Fang Yuan was speechless!


 This... what was this situation? His attitude change was way too fast!



***
Chapter 462: Exchanging Gu


***





 Chapter 462: Exchanging Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Young lad, please have some tea. This is a high-grade cloud smoke tea, have a taste of it." Lang Ya land spirit sat at the edge of the bed as he brewed a cup of tea for Fang Yuan personally.


 Fang Yuan sat at the spot the land spirit was sitting at previously, looking at this ’peculiar’ land spirit wordlessly.


 In the conversation earlier, Fang Yuan had talked to this land spirit, and understood — this land spirit liked collecting recipes, it will try its best to get its hands on any new recipes it discovers.


 If it were any other person, the land spirit would’ve extorted and threatened him already. But Fang Yuan was a Demon Venerable’s inheritor, he did not dare to do so, thus he could only beg nicely.


 "Handsome young lad, is the tea not nice? Are you happy? For the sake of this tea, exchange that human skin recipe with me please." Lang Ya land spirit showed a smiling expression as he tried to please Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan drank his tea silently.


 The mysterious, strong, and sagely image of Lang Ya land spirit collapsed rapidly.


 "Young lad, do me a favor, pity this old man! I live alone here, I am so lonely, so bored, so thirsty. I can only look at these recipes daily to pass time. Are you so cruel, to reject the request of such a pitiful old man like me?" The land spirit had a grandpa appearance, having white beard, white hair, and white eyebrows, staring at Fang Yuan pitifully.


 "Hey, have some self awareness, you are a land spirit, not a human." Fang Yuan’s eyes were twitching.


 "Young lad, whatever you say, as long as you will give the recipe to me, you can do anything to me!" The ’grandpa’ winked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan controlled his urge to kick this creep, as he shouted: "No means no."


 "Lang Ya land spirit’s body shuddered, as it started crying, rolling on the ground: "No, I want to exchange. I want the recipe, I want the recipe, young lad, you are too cruel, too ruthless, you lack compassion. Why are you not exchanging the recipe with me, will it kill you? Please just exchange it."


 "Seriously, rumors cannot compare to meeting in real life..." Fang Yuan’s head was full of black lines as the image of Lang Ya land spirit that he had broke into pieces, and was stepped into tiny shards on the ground.


 However, this showed Lang Ya land spirit’s innocence and sincerity.


 The land spirit grandpa rolled on the ground and cried for a long time, but Fang Yuan did not relent.


 He had no choice but to stand up, with tears all over his face, even his beard, hair, and eyebrows were wet.


 "Young lad, what’s wrong with your conscience? You are simply too cruel, as expected of the inheritor of a Demon Venerable..." The grandpa complained as he looked at Fang Yuan, like a wife who had just been cheated on.


 Fang Yuan could not stand this gaze, he shuddered as he sighed: "Nevermind, nevermind, I can give you the human skin Gu’s recipe. But you have to wait until the time is right."


 "Young lad, you are awesome, you are the kindest person ever. So when will the time be right?" Land spirit was extremely overjoyed.


 "Hehehe, five hundred years later."


 Land spirit grandpa frowned, and immediately slumped: "That’s so long away..."


 "Hmph, this is the best I am willing to offer, why, you don’t want to exchange anymore?"


 "Of course I want to exchange. It’s just five hundred years, I can wait. Young lad, I will be waiting for you, this is our agreement for a lifetime." The old grandpa said affectionately.


 Fang Yuan held his face, sighing deeply: "I have a recipe here, I want to exchange it for connecting heaven Gu."


 Once he heard Fang Yuan’s request, Lang Ya land spirit’s expression changed, he stood up right and raised his head slightly, showing an arrogant expression: "Oh, you want to get connecting heaven Gu..."


 He spoke slowly and casually: "To tell you the truth young lad, I have an uncountable number of recipes here. If the recipe you produce is already owned by me, I will not take it."


 Fang Yuan laughed confidently: "Old man, your era is long over. Bring me a brush and paper, I will write a portion of it for you."


 Just after he wrote half of the content, Fang Yuan stopped.


 "Write, write it, what else is there?" Land spirit stood at the side, scratching his ears as his eyes shone. He had already confirmed that this was a new recipe, he had never seen it before.


 "This is a rank five recipe, where is your connecting heaven Gu?"


 "Here, here." Land spirit waved his hand and a connecting heaven Gu appeared on the table.


 Fang Yuan finished writing this recipe and refined the connecting heaven Gu, keeping it in his aperture.


 At the side, land spirit looked at this recipe gleefully.


 The Gu worm in the recipe was a new Gu discovered by Gu Masters five hundred years later. During the chaotic five region battle, it was an era of innovation, of all sorts of new Gu were developed and created.


 Every time such a chaotic era appeared, a rank nine Gu Immortal would be born.


 Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, although he forgot a lot of things, he still had a great number of recipes inside his head.


 These recipes, to exaggerate, were ahead of the current times by an era! Of course the land spirit had never heard of them.


 "Do you have divine sense Gu?" Fang Yuan kept connecting heaven Gu and asked.


 "Yes."


 "Exchange?"


 "You still have recipes?" Land spirit grandpa was shocked and overjoyed.


 Fang Yuan smiled as he took the brush and paper, writing once again.


 But this time, halfway through, the land spirit laughed: "Young man, I have the recipe of this Gu worm already."


 "Oh?" Fang Yuan stopped writing, his expression was stunned.


 He did not think that the land spirit was lying. Land spirits were pure, yes means yes, and no means no.


 "If you don’t believe me, you can look at this." Lang Ya land spirit grabbed the air, and a cowhide recipe appeared, landing on the table.


 Fang Yuan took a look, it was the real deal.


 "It seems that the Gu worms in my memories, although they only appeared five hundred years later, might not be new Gu after all."


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan laughed, saying to the land spirit: "No worries, if this is no use, I have another recipe."


 But this time, Fang Yuan only wrote a third of it before the land spirit clapped: "Although I do not have this recipe, I have something very similar, look at this."


 Saying so, he handed Fang Yuan a recipe, it was 90% similar to his.


 Fang Yuan immediately understood: "My recipe might have been improved on by a Gu Master using an ancient recipe."


 "Young lad, this recipe does not have much value, I will not exchange for it." Land spirit said.


 Fang Yuan revised his plans.


 When Long Hair Ancestor was alive, he loved to collect and research on recipes. He was known as the number one immortal of the refinement path of all times. He lived for a long period of time, and collected a vast number of recipes, he could be said to have been an extremely successful collector.


 As for Fang Yuan’s generation of the new age, they had not reached the apex of the time period, at least Great Dream Immortal Venerable had not appeared yet. The Gu worm recipes in Fang Yuan’s memories, compared to Lang Ya blessed land’s accumulation from many eras, seemed to be extremely insignificant.


 "Look at these then." Fang Yuan started scribbling again.


 But for these recipes, either Lang Ya blessed land had it or it was a modified ancient recipe, the land spirit had no intentions to get them.


 Fang Yuan was helpless.


 In his memories, there were some Gu worms that were definitely new, but they had a great importance in the future, each represented a great benefit to him, and could easily change the situation of the regions. Once they get exposed by Lang Ya blessed land, his losses were small issues, but it might potentially alter history, the disadvantages were too great for Fang Yuan compared to the gains.


 "Land spirit, look at this recipe." Fang Yuan thought, and wrote the stargate Gu’s recipe.


 Land spirit took a look and was interested. The more Fang Yuan wrote, the more its interest grew.


 "I’ve never seen these recipes before, they are rather peculiar, very peculiar." The old grandpa muttered as he rubbed his chin.


 This was a rank five Gu recipe, Fang Yuan successfully obtained the divine sense Gu from it.


 "Young lad, this stargate Gu is interesting, it has the effect to cross the five regions. The five regions have their respective barriers at the boundaries, but this can actually make use the power of black heaven. This type of Gu worm, usually only hole earth Gu and connecting heaven Gu are popular classics. But this stargate Gu can compete with the two of them, and is not inferior in any way! Did you create this Gu’s recipe?" Land spirit asked.


 "Of course!" Fang Yuan admitted it without hesitation.


 He had zero guilt in impersonating and taking this glory for himself.


 Next, he started to brag shamelessly: "The few recipes earlier were also devised by me, although I also used some current recipes as the base for my research."


 This act undoubtedly deepened his relationship with Lang Ya land spirit.


 "Little friend, you have talent for refinement path, I am truly amazed!" Land spirit grandpa stopped calling Fang Yuan young lad, but started calling him little friend.


 "But this stargate Gu has its weaknesses. You need to gather starlight at night to activate it. Other than that, this Gu’s refinement success rate is low, but if we add a few supplementary materials into it, we can raise the success rate by 30%."


 Next, the land spirit listed a few materials.


 Fang Yuan frowned as he listened, he had never heard of these materials.


 It seems that they were either materials from the immemorial era, or just simply too rare and unique, with little use normally.


 Land spirit continued: "It seems this stargate Gu is best paired with the starlight fireflies. WIth the starlight fireflies, you will have starlight, and the stargate Gu can be used regardless of time or location."


 "What?" Fang Yuan heard this and his heart pounded, asking quickly: "Starlight firelfies, what are starlight fireflies?"


 "You don’t know about starlight fireflies? That’s true, they were already extremely rare during the immemorial era, and were extinct during the olden era. When the immemorial nine heavens were still around, most of the starlight fireflies lived in orange heaven." Land spirit exposed another ancient secret.


 Fang Yuan was disappointed: "Since it is extinct, there’s no need to mention it."


 "The so-called extinct is merely in the mortal realm, recently, I saw a swarm of starlight firelight when making a transaction in treasure yellow heaven, I think it belongs to Star Lord Wan Xiang." Land spirit recalled.


 "Really?" Fang Yuan’s eyes were shining.


 The reason he exchanged for connecting heaven Gu and divine sense Gu were so that he could impersonate a Gu Immortal and make transactions in treasure yellow heaven, to obtain resources and stop his reliance on Immortal Crane Sect.


 Land spirit’s words greatly increased his interest in the starlight fireflies.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes rolled, laughing craftily: "Land spirit, I still have many recipes here, but I only want starlight fireflies!"


 Land spirit shook its head: "I can’t exchange that."


 "Why?"


 "I do not have starlight firefly Gu." Land spirit said as a matter of fact.


 Fang Yuan said snappily: "If you do not have starlight firefly Gu, can’t you use connecting heaven Gu to buy it in treasure yellow heaven?"


 The land spirit looked at Fang Yuan with a weird expression: "Why do I have to buy starlight firefly Gu?"


 "If you do not buy starlight firefly Gu, how are you going to exchange for my recipe?"


 Land spirit shook its head, adamantly saying: "Your recipe can only exchange for Gu worms I currently have in the blessed land."


 Fang Yuan was speechless, the land spirit was rigid, it could not make such compromises, after all, it was not human, as a land spirit, it could not make flexible decisions.


 In the end, after Fang Yuan talked until his lips were about to tear, no progress was made.


 The land spirit only followed the rules.


 Fang Yuan could only stop his attempt, but suddenly he had a thought: "Wait, you said you will only exchange for Gu that are currently in your blessed land?"


 "Yes."


 Fang Yuan licked his dry lips: "Then I’ll use my Immortal Gu recipe to exchange for your Heavenly Primeval Treasure Imperial Lotus, is that okay?"



***
Chapter 463: Fang Yuan’s awkwardness


***





 Chapter 463: Fang Yuan’s awkwardness


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was a a rank six Immortal Gu, but it was not a natural Gu, instead was invented by Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable.


 Rank three Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus, rank four Heavenly Essence Treasure Monarch Lotus and rank five Heavenly Essence Treasure King Lotus could produce primeval essence, giving an enormous help in a Gu Master’s primeval essence recovery.


 Rank six and above Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, however, produced immortal essence and had extremely huge use.


 Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable relied on this Gu to become the person with the most abundant immortal essence among rank nine Gu Immortals in all history.


 After Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable died, his Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was protected with layers of layers of security, becoming a famous treasure in the world. However, after dozen of years, an extremely daring rank seven Gu Immortal stole it.


 This rank seven Gu Immortal was the venerable after Genesis Lotus Immortal Venerable, the one who became the heavenly thief, Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 After Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable died, this Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus was also destroyed.


 Long Hair Ancestor had many interactions with Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable and after the Demon Venerable went missing for hundreds of years, Long Hair Ancestor tried to refine the Gu. Finally, he succeeded in refining a rank six Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 Later, he developed a preference for it and advanced it to rank eight stage.


 Immortal Gu were one of a kind and their names also remained the same. After they advance to stages beyond rank six , their names would not change.


 For example — Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus and Spring Autumn Cicada; when they advanced from rank six to rank seven, they would still be called Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus and Spring Autumn Cicada.


 After Long Hair Ancestor died, his obsession merged with the heavenly power to form a land spirit. This rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus also remained in Lang Ya blessed land.


 "Lang Ya blessed land would later be accidentally discovered by a soul path Gu Immortal called Gui Wang, leading the first wave of attacks. The result was that they were captured by the land spirit. However, the news regarding Lang Ya blessed land was leaked by Gui Wang and attracted more Gu Immortals. Later, a second wave of attacks came, and later, the third wave and so on. During the seventh wave, the heavenly court dispatched several rank seven Gu Immortals who brought Immortal Gu to the mortal realm."


 "After a tragic battle, Lang Ya blessed land finally collapsed while the Gu Immortals also suffered disastrous losses. Feng Jiu Ge died in this battle. However, Lang Ya blessed land’s great number of recipes were taken by the heavenly court. Central continent’s strength thus rose sharply and with just their strength, they attacked the four great regions."


 With his previous life’s memories, Fang Yuan was clear of the future development.


 At this moment, when Fang Yuan suddenly mentioned the use of Immortal Gu recipe to exchange for Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus, the land spirit refused without hesitation: "This is not possible! Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus can produce immortal essence, it is the reason why I can defend against the calamities and tribulations. At the same time, I need to use these immortal essence to refine Gu. Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus is non-exchangeable."


 "Is that so." Fang Yuan nodded with some disappointment since he had some expectations.


 However, the land spirit’s next sentence ignited his hope again.


 "However, I have other Immortal Gu here. What recipe do you have? Rank seven recipe can only be exchanged for rank six Immortal Gu. Rank eight recipe can be exchanged for rank seven or rank six Immortal Gu."


 Fang Yuan’s eyes let out a bright light.


 He knew Lang Ya blessed land had a rank seven beast enslavement Gu.


 This Immortal Gu could subdue any wild beast in the world; including mutated beasts, myriad beast emperor, even desolate beasts and ancient desolate beasts!


 Long Hair Ancestor used this Gu to subdue many desolate beasts, including several ancient desolate beasts whom he buried under the twelve cloud buildings.


 With these desolate beasts’ protection, the whole Lang Ya blessed land became a fortified castle and was able to resist till the sixth wave of Gu Immortals’ crazed attack, and finally fell at the seventh wave.


 "This beast enslavement Gu is extremely important to the blessed land, the land spirit definitely won’t exchange it. But Long Hair Ancestor has refined many Immortal Gu, he definitely had more than just beast enslavement Gu and Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus."


 Fang Yuan felt a rush and after thinking for a moment, he began to write a recipe.


 The old land spirit looked from the side with his hands behind his back. After observing for a while, he started laughing: "This is the second aperture Gu’s recipe, right?"


 "Eh? You have this recipe too?" Fang Yuan stopped writing.


 "Of course, I have countless recipes here, including thousands of Immortal Gu recipes." The land spirit said proudly.


 ’Such wealth, I see why even the heavenly court decided to attack.’ Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed as he sighed inwardly.


 "In that case..." He contemplated and started writing on another paper.


 He was writing the recipe for the rank six Blood Deity.


 The land spirit’s eyes immediately let out a bright light when he saw the start of the recipe. But the light gradually dimmed.


 When Fang Yuan had written the third line, the land spirit said: "Although your blood path recipe might be amazing, it is only a remnant recipe. Even though some parts were patched up, there are many conflicts in the steps; there is a very small chance of successfully refining it. You cannot exchange this recipe for an Immortal Gu."


 Fang Yuan let out a sigh.


 Back then, this Blood Deity recipe that he obtained was a remnant piece. After his painstaking research and request for other Gu Immortals to repair it, this current recipe was formed.


 He knew, however, this recipe was not accurate. The reason why he did not choose to refine Blood Deity in his previous life was also mainly because of this.


 Later, through a coincidental opportunity, he obtained the accurate recipe for Spring Autumn Cicada. Thereupon, he abandoned the Blood Deity to refine Spring Autumn Cicada.


 However, Spring Autumn Cicada involved his greatest secret of rebirth, even if Lang Ya blessed land did not have this recipe, Fang Yuan would not take it out to exchange.


 He had taken the initiative to expose it in three kings blessed land because he was in dire straits and wanted to gamble for an overwhelming benefit.


 However, right now, he was not in a tight spot and thus did not need to take the risk.


 Since it was like this, Fang Yuan did not continue writing the recipe for the Blood Deity.


 The Immortal Gu recipes he knew was only about a dozen. But most of them was remnant recipes. Blood Deity’s recipe was already the best of these remnant recipes.


 He only had two intact and correct Immortal Gu recipes; second aperture Gu and Spring Autumn Cicada. However, Lang Ya blessed land already had the recipe of the former while Fang Yuan did not dare to expose the latter.


 Fang Yuan fell into silence and after thinking for a while, he asked: "Land spirit, can I use rank five recipe to exchanged for a stargate Gu?"


 The land spirit shook his head: "No. You can only exchange for the Gu worms that I currently have."


 Fang Yuan was unresigned and asked: "Land spirit, could it be that you don’t want to refine stargate Gu? This is a completely new Gu we are talking about here."


 "Of course I want to. Although it is not suitable for me to use, I can put it in treasure yellow heaven to sell. Hmm... but I can refine it whenever I want to, and I am not certain when I will do it." The land spirit suddenly reacted.


 He showed his intelligence at this time.


 "Little friend, you are Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritor. You have three opportunities to ask me to refine Gu. But if you want to refine Immortal Gu, whether it succeeds or fails, it will be counted as one chance. If you want to refine mortal Gu, I will definitely make you the Gu. If you want the stargate Gu, I can refine it successfully for you." The land spirit proposed.


 Fang Yuan suddenly realized that there were these small details.


 No wonder Ma Hong Yun choose to refine three rank five Gu; at that time, when he fell into this place, he was only a mortal and might not know the value of a Immortal Gu. Moreover, a mortal body cannot use Immortal Gu. Thus, he refined three rank five Gu that could immediately increase his battle strength. After returning to the outside world, he turned the tide around, gathering his troops again and turned defeat into victory.


 When Ma Hong Yun later became a Gu Immortal, he realized how precious the opportunity in Lang Ya blessed land was. Unfortunately, he could only regret at that time.


 Ma Hong Yun’s awkwardness became Fang Yuan’s awkwardness too.


 Fang Yuan was only a mortal now, even if he got an Immortal Gu, he could not use it. Little Hu land spirit could use Immortal Gu, but whether it was hole earth Gu, connecting heaven Gu or stargate Gu, they could not support an Immortal Gu.


 That is to say, even if Fang Yuan possessed an Immortal Gu, he could not send it to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Moreover, these three opportunities to refine Immortal Gu also had a precondition, that is Fang Yuan had to provide the recipes for them.


 If there was an error in the recipe, the refinement would fail. Immortal Gu were the only one of its kind, if someone else already possessed that Immortal Gu, the refinement would fail then as well.


 According to the land spirit’s words, if the Immortal Gu refinement fails, one opportunity would be lost.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable could refine six Immortal Gu at that time; one reason was because Long Hair Ancestor was arrogant and refused to fail intentionally, and another reason was Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was brimming with talent with formidable ability and had made sufficient preparation and made use of every opportunity, causing Long Hair Ancestor to lose great amounts of precious and rare Gu refinement materials six times.


 Now, Long Hair Ancestor was dead and had turned into a land spirit, although he would not play tricks when refining Immortal Gu for Fang Yuan, he was after all a land spirit and not Long Hair Ancestor himself, thus his ability in Gu refinement was greatly reduced.


 ’In that case, do I waste one precious opportunity to refine a stargate Gu?’


 Fang Yuan fell into deep contemplation.


 According to common sense, these three opportunities should be sufficiently exploited to refine three Immortal Gu like Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable did back in the day.


 However, Fang Yuan had huge problems in doing so.


 Firstly, he did not have Immortal Gu recipes. Secondly, he did not have the ability of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, and could not guarantee the success of Immortal Gu’s refinement. If the refinement failed, it would mean one chance wasted. It was worse than refining a rank five Gu. The final crucial point was that he was only a mortal and could not use Immortal Gu. Although Immortal Gu had a very high value, it was of no help to him and would instead attract disaster, it would be worse than a rank five Gu.


 Even rank five Gu was not suitable for Fang Yuan; with Fang Yuan’s current situation in northern plains, using rank four was the best.


 "Of course, I can leave these three opportunities for now. Anyway, I have already obtained the opportunities, even if Ma Hong Yun came personally or that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritor appears, there would be no effect. However, I truly need stargate Gu at present!"


 Fang Yuan was hesitating and felt that he was in an awkward position.


 His current strength path cultivation only had thirty jun of strength, he urgently needed Gu worms to reform his skin and flesh. In terms of enslavement path cultivation, there was a great burden in feeding the wolf group and without a tribe to support them, he could only maintain around thirty thousand wolves by himself.


 In terms of soul, the wolfman soul was already formed, he could go to Dang Hun mountain and use guts Gu to strengthen it. In terms of cultivation, he fulfilled the conditions to breakthrough, but because of the region’s suppression, he could not breakthrough to rank five right now.


 His current situation was like a chess player with all the chess pieces in places where they could not be moved. He was stuck in a deadlock, facing a huge bottleneck.



***
Chapter 464: Either Eternal Life or Shit


***





 Chapter 464: Either Eternal Life or Shit


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 If there were no external influences and Fang Yuan could just rely on his own strength, he would be able to accumulate strength and breakthrough when the opportunity comes.


 However, because of Spring Autumn Cicada, what he lacked was time. Not only that, if he wasted time and could not make it to some opportunities, the advantage of his rebirth would also be gone.


 "These three chances are indeed very precious. Although blindly saving these chances for the future may give the impression that I will be able to make full use of these opportunities, it will in fact delay my growth. Specific situations need specific analysis; I cannot blindly follow Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s example, but Ma Hong Yun’s choices also wasted these three chances."


 After deep and careful contemplation, Fang Yuan made his decision.


 "Land spirit, I have thought it through." Fang Yuan spoke slowly, "This time, my request is for you to refine stargate Gu. As for the remaining two chances, I will leave it for later."


 "You really want me to refine stargate Gu? You need to know you are giving up a precious chance to refine Immortal Gu. Maybe, you can take a gamble and use that recipe for Blood Deity." land spirit instead tried to persuade Fang Yuan.


 He liked recipes to an extreme degree, Blood Deity’s recipe might be damaged but he still wanted to collect it.


 Fang Yuan shook his head, when he decided on something, he would not hesitate: "No, refine stargate Gu."


 "Alright. There is no strongest Gu worm in this world, only a Gu worm that is most suitable for oneself. You can’t use Immortal Gu, but looks like this stargate Gu is extremely useful to you. I will refine this Gu for you."


 The land spirit grandpa then willed as he teleported five Gu Immortals over.


 Among these five Gu Immortals; one was very ugly, one had a ruddy face, one wore blue clothes, one wore yellow garments and one wore pink skirt. They were Gui Wang’s group.


 They attacked Lang Ya blessed land, throwing in their green grape immortal essence to expend Lang Ya blessed land’s white litchi immortal essence.


 However, the result was that the land spirit had intentionally shown weakness in order to capture all of them.


 Lang Ya blessed land had rank eight Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus and would never lack white litchi immortal essence. Gui Wang and the group did not have an Immortal Gu, thus the land spirit enticed them into the blessed land.


 It waited till these five rushed into the cloud buildings before confining their rank five Gu.


 Gui Wang and the rest realized the situation was bad, promptly using all their immortal essence but they could not compare to the Lang Ya land spirit.


 The land spirit did not use even a single desolate beast to capture these five immortals.


 Having cultivated to this stage, the five immortals knew to adapt to the circumstances and immediately chose to save their lives by submitting to the land spirit.


 After finding themselves teleported over, they soon reacted and bowed to the land spirit, greeting together: "Subordinates greet Lord Lang Ya land spirit!"


 "Hm..." The land spirit stroked his snow white beard, recovering his sagely demeanor just like when Fang Yua first saw him.


 "This is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritor Chang Shan Yin, greet him." land spirit introduced Fang Yuan.


 "Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritor?!" The five immortals looked at each other, clearly seeing the shock in each other’s eyes.


 Their contempt towards Fang Yuan because of his mortal identity immediately disappeared. Who was Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable? He was a rank nine Gu Immortal!


 Since Immemorial Era to Remote Antiquity Era, Olden Antiquity Era, Medieval Antiquity Era, Early Antiquity Era to present age, only around ten venerable level Gu Immortals had appeared in human history.


 An inheritor of a rank nine Gu Immortal...


 This identity shocked the five immortals before this shock turned into envy and jealousy.


 "Why don’t I have such luck to become an inheritor?"


 "This kid’s luck is too good, simply too heaven defying. He actually became Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritor!"


 "Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had set up many inheritances, it is rumored that his greatest inheritance is in space cave. I wonder how many inheritances did he get?"


 The five immortals’ thoughts surged rapidly while they greeted Fang Yuan.


 The act of Gu Immortals greeting mortals was like an elephant kowtowing to an ant. But the five immortals did not feel any humiliation.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan was extremely indifferent, even if a rank nine Gu Immortal kowtowed to him, he would not feel any honor. If the roles were reversed, even if he had to beg and kneel to a mortal, he would not feel any humiliation.


 In his eyes, all that would eventually die were equal.The only difference was whether they died early or late.


 Be it those with status and social class, whether they were nobles or peasants, they were nothing more than a group of fools waiting to die. All of them live in a fake world with self-imposed rules, by comparing the lives of each other, a portion of these fools would feel that they were living a great life.


 In truth, those fools who think of themselves as nobles or aristocrats were only deceiving themselves. And those fools who think of themselves as lowly are even more pitiful. Are kings given their high status upon birth? All living beings are born equal, why should one bow to others?


 "There is only immortality, only eternal life should be the goal one should pursue! If one cannot live forever, is there any difference between a rank nine Gu Immortal and a pile of shit in the gutter?! I am a huge fool, but I do not wish to be a fool that is made of shit..."


 There was no way to express such mental behavior and aspirations to others, and even more importantly Fang Yuan did not want to express them.


 Fang Yuan indifferently accepted the greetings of the five immortals then looked at Lang Ya land spirit: "Land spirit, are you not going to personally refine the Gu?"


 "Of course I will personally refine it, but having these five as support can be considered making use of trash." Land spirit snickered.


 Being called trash and also being disregarded by Fang Yuan caused these five immortals’ expressions to turn unsightly.


 Rage was burning in them, but they were captives right now and they could not flare out. They could only helplessly hold in this anger and listen to the land spirit’s commands.


 However, the first try at Gu refinement by former Long Hair Ancestor who turned into a land spirit, along with the help of five immortals, ended up in failure.


 "Hmph, this stargate Gu is rather difficult. There was no mistakes from me, but rather the refinement itself has only a fixed success rate." The land spirit explained and said to Fang Yuan, "Don’t worry, stargate Gu is only rank five, I will definitely complete the refinement for you."


 "Hehe, I will be waiting." Fang Yuan lied down on the cloud bed with no hurry.


 The time flow in Lang Ya blessed land was thirty-six times faster than the outside world. Over a month here would only be a day in outside world.


 The land spirit had inherited Long Hair Ancestor’s arrogance and his temperament became bad when he failed.


 He glanced at Fang Yuan and saw that he had already finished drinking the cloud mist tea, he casually pointed to an immortal: "You! Clumsy and having breasts for brains, I don’t need you to refine the Gu, go make tea for my little friend!"


 The female immortal who was scolded and ordered was Fairy Huang Sha.


 She was furious, but did not dare to flare up as her life was in Lang Ya land spirit’s hands. She could only bite her lips and forcibly restrain her anger to steep tea for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan, however, said: "I don’t like to drink tea, do you have wine here? I only like drinking top quality wine, there should be some in your grand Lang Ya blessed land, right?"


 "Hmph! Why would there not be? Celestial horse wine and destitute wine, both are top quality wine, which one do you want to drink?"


 "Bring out both of them for me to taste." Fang Yuan said without batting an eyelid.


 Thereupon, Fairy Huang Sha became Fang Yuan’s serving maid.


 The celestial horse wine was milky white and gave off a thick fragrance of milk; it tasted silky, mellow and soft. Destitute wine did not have any special color, looking like clear soup, and did not have even a bit of wine fragrance; it also tasted flavorless. However, the after-effect was extremely strong, usually only one mouthful would be enough to make one completely drunk for seven-eight days.


 Taking advantage of the land spirit refining Gu, Fang Yuan just took a light sip before openly storing these two vats of wine in wolf swallow Gu.


 The second Gu refinement attempt also failed.


 The land spirit’s expression became even more unsightly as he howled: "Hmph, I don’t believe it, I will continue!"


 The land spirit naturally sensed Fang Yuan storing the wine, but right now because of his self-respect, he chose to ignore it.


 "Young master, please be merciful and save this servant." Looking at the land spirit and the rest going for third attempt at Gu refinement, Fairy Huang Sha implored to Fang Yuan with a soft and weeping voice.


 Her skin was white and tender, like a litchi whose skin had just been removed. Her eyebrows were bluish-black, her eyes were like a lake hiding an amorous gaze. Her breasts were very big and her waist was thin, her figure was endlessly seductive and one could even say it could shock heart and soul.


 Right now, as she talked with eyes that had tears in them, let alone men, even women would be moved.


 "If you can save this servant, I am willing to serve you for my whole life and follow your orders." Fairy Huang Sha implored again with soft voice.


 This was a pleading from a female Gu Immortal!


 If it were any other mortal men, they would already be extremely moved and their little brother would furiously rise up. Men all had a desire to conquer, especially if it was conquering a noble woman.


 But Fang Yuan did not even glance at her. These five immortals were all cannon fodder in his past life, they all died in Lang Ya blessed land. They paid a proper price for their greed and impulse.


 Although Fairy Huang Sha was beautiful, she was no different from a pile of dung in the gutter in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 "But if I cannot obtain immortality, I am also a pile of shit in the gutter... hehehe." Fang Yuan sneered in his mind.


 Fairy Huang Sha was about to plead again. She had complete confidence in her beauty, and right now she had a feeling that this person might be her only chance to escape with her life.


 However how could she know Fang Yuan was even more abnormal than Lang Ya land spirit.


 "You are too noisy, get lost." Fang Yuan directly kicked the half leaning delicate body of Fairy Huang Sha.


 Fairy Huang Sha fell down on the floor, she was baffled and could not react for a long while.


 She was actually rejected? Is he not a man?!


 A strong sense of humiliation struck her proud heart, causing her face to become twisted and her gaze towards Fang Yuan filled with extreme resentment.


 "Hehe." Fang Yuan scoffed, got off the cloud bed and walked towards Fairy Huang Sha, then he lifted his foot in front of her face.


 A dull sound was heard, Fairy Huang Sha was kicked over and her head struck the floor, producing another heavy dull sound.


 Her rank five Gu worms were all taken away. Under the situation where her immortal essence was used up and was under Lang Ya blessed land’s suppression as well, how could she be Fang Yuan’s match?


 "You!"


 Fairy Huang Sha’s lungs were about to burst with anger, her incisor tooth had broken from the kck, causing her mouth to fill with blood. She let out a deep growl and her expression turned malevolent; compared to her weeping and pitiful look just before, they looked like two completely different person.


 "Hmph, how can mere beauty entice me? If you look at me one more time, do you believe I will not smash all your teeth?" Fang Yuan’s dark and deep pupils shone with cruelty.


 Fairy Huang Sha’s delicate body shuddered, she tightly clenched her fists and seemed to exhaust all her strength to stand up.


 But she lowered her head in the end and did not look at Fang Yuan again.


 At the other side, stargate Gu’s refinement failed again.


 The land spirit stomped his foot in anger, his expression turning even worse. He was aware of the situation with Fairy Huang Sha.


 He approached Fang Yuan and smiled: "Little friend, please don’t get angry. I just captured this little thing, so haven’t had the time to teach them properly. You can play with her if you want, make her dance or strip her clothes or do anything you want. Hehehe, materials have been used up, I will go buy them."


 Hearing these words, Fairy Huang Sha seemed to have fallen into an ice hole. An intense feeling of humiliation surged in her heart like a tide.


 "Make me strip my clothes and dance?!"


 This proposal made her feel incomparably cold and afraid. Since young till now, she had never received such treatment. A grand Gu Immortal being played with, Fairy Huang Sha felt it would be better to die instead!


 Gui Wang and Loner Hong Yu at the side seemed to have been stimulated as they licked their dry lips and looked at Fairy Huang Sha with burning gaze.


 The two who were normally close to Fairy Huang Sha like sisters, Fairy Fen Meng and Fairy Qing Suo, remained silent as if they had not heard anything.


 As the tragedy was about to unfold, Fang Yuan sneered: "Strip her clothes, make her dance? No need, what meaning is there in that? Lust? Desire to conquer? Hmph, nothing but pointless urges. What I am interested in now is only stargate Gu."



***
Chapter 465: The night sky is really beautiful


***





 Chapter 465: The night sky is really beautiful


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Gui Wang and Loner Hong Yu were very disappointed.


 Fairy Qing Suo and Fairy Fen Meng let out a breath of turbid air, their expressions were complex.


 The heavy stone in Fairy Huang Sha’s heart fell and her body completely relaxed, almost falling down to the ground. The hatred in her heart towards Fang Yuan and the land spirit deepened by several times.


 "As long as I can escape, as long as I can make a comeback, I will cut your bodies into a thousand pieces to relieve this hatred in my heart!"


 "Hehe... little friend is indeed worthy of being a Demon Venerable’s inheritor." The land spirit let out a forced laughter and took out connecting heaven Gu.


 This connecting heaven Gu turned into a round mirror when it was activated and flew to the top of the land spirit and stayed there.


 The scene of pitch darkness in the mirror suddenly changed, letting out a bright yellow light.


 The land spirit activated divine sense Gu, divine sense was transmitted into the mirror in waves after waves, and exchanged with other waves of divine sense.


 At the same time, the surface of the mirror continuously changed and showed pictures of all kinds of materials.


 The land spirit seemed to have already made an agreement; he took out two immortal essence stones out of nowhere and threw into the connecting heaven Gu.


 The surface of the mirror seemed to ripple; the immortal essence stones went into the mirror and materials were spurted out by the mirror one after another.


 "This time, I have bought twenty sets of materials, I don’t believe the refinement won’t succeed!" The land spirit said fiercely.


 The Gu refinement began again and at the final stage, bright starlight converged to become a pair of oval stones.


 "Success!" The land spirit laughed heartily and handed these two oval blue gemstone like Gu worms to Fang Yuan, "This is stargate Gu, I have finished the agreement."


 "How do I know if it works or not?" Fang Yuan held this pair of stargate Gu and asked.


 The land spirit fumed in anger as if it had received a great insult: "Are you doubting my Gu refinement ability? You can exchange it if it won’t do!"


 "Alright, I shall take my leave then." Fang Yuan was extremely straightforward and expressed his intent to leave.


 The land spirit fiercely stared at his eyes: "Leaving just like that? Then the remaining two chances, you won’t use them now?"


 "I am saving them for now. Where is the exit?"


 The land spirit waved his hand, teleporting the five immortals away. His expression then greatly eased: "What recipes do you have now? Write them all out and let me look."


 "None left. If I had any, I would have exchanged them with you." Fang Yuan shirked.


 "I have a feeling little friend, you have something good still left!" The land spirit looked at Fang Yuan doubtfully and mumbled, "Alright then, I shall wait for your return."


 The land spirit then waved his sleeve.


 Fang Yuan’s vision blurred and when it cleared, he saw he was back at the stone forest. Beside him was the stone stool he sat at before and behind was that purple stone pillar.


 The stars shone brightly at the sky, the temperature was low and one could see their breath coming out.


 Everything before seemed like a dream, causing Fang Yuan to feel like it was all a life-like illusion.


 He looked at the sky, he had spent quite some time in Lang Ya blessed land, but only 1/36 of that time had passed in the outside world.


 Stargate Gu, divine sense Gu, connecting heaven Gu and the two small vat of top quality wine in wolf swallow Gu were clear evidences that allowed Fang Yuan to recall this fortuitous encounter.


 "I had intended to use all the three chances, but who knew I could use recipes to exchange for Gu, thus I still have two chances left. If this stargate Gu can be used, it would make spending a Gu refinement chance worth it!"


 Fang Yuan thought of this as he left the place and returned to the wolf group.


 This was a time where he had to make use of every second to prevent causing any complications. Fang Yuan sat cross-legged at the grassy land under the protection of the wolf kings and began writing a letter.


 The letter was soon finished, he then activated moving perspective cup Gu. After a moment, the moving perspective cup exchanged with the other one through the space cave; and Fang Yuan took out a rank four Gu and a letter from it.


 This Gu was like a dried fish, named dried pond Gu and was a water path Gu worm with a special effect. It is used to boost the effects of other Gu worms.


 Once this Gu arrived in northern plains, it was immediately suppressed to rank three.


 Fang Yuan browsed through the letter and nodded in satisfaction: "During these days when I was not at the blessed land, it seems little Hu Immortal had been extremely diligent and did not forget the task I gave before I left, refining twenty dried pond Gu. Great!"


 Fang Yuan then sent another letter including several praises towards little Hu Immortal.


 "Master praised me, I am so happy." Little Hu Immortal’s face flushed with happiness after she read the letter.


 "Master, I miss you..." Little Hu Immortal lied down on the table and started writing, "When master is not here, I feel anxious. Master, are you okay? I am sending another dried pond Gu there."


 Little Hu Immortal used her delicate small hand to fold the letter properly before putting it into moving perspective cup Gu.


 At the same time, she also added a dried pond Gu.


 After a good while, moving perspective cup Gu leisurely flew up and entered space cave, exchanging with the other moving perspective cup and appearing before Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan immediately took out the dried pond Gu and glanced at the letter. Then he absorbed primeval stones to recover his primeval essence before activating moving perspective cup Gu again.


 After repeating this over and over, he received a total of eight dried pond Gu.


 "If I use the eight dried pond Gu together, their effects should stack up and match a rank four level."


 Fang Yuan crushed these dried pond Gu on the spot; the dried pond Gu turned into eight halos which twisted around moving perspective cup Gu. At the same time, on Hu Immortal blessed land, Little Hu Immortal also crushed eight dried pond Gu and overlaid them on moving perspective cup Gu.


 Moving perspective cup Gu was a rank five Gu, but in northern plains, it was suppressed to rank four. Thus, it could only transport rank four Gu worms.


 Now, after using eight dried pond Gu, moving perspective cup Gu’s ability advanced to rank five and could transport rank five Gu.


 Fang Yuan waited for a while before taking out connecting heaven Gu and gravely put it in moving perspective cup Gu, then transferred his primeval essence.


 After successful activation, the two moving perspective cup completed their exchange in space cave and the cup with connecting heaven Gu appeared in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Little Hu Immortal cheered and took out the connecting heaven Gu.


 Tiny cracks appeared on moving perspective cup Gu.


 Although dried pond Gu could amplify a Gu worm’s ability, it was like draining the pond to get the fish or burning the forest to hunt. Although it greatly raised the power, the Gu worm would perish because of the excessively forced power-up.


 Next, Fang Yuan sent divine sense Gu to Hu Immortal blessed land, and the cracks on moving perspective cup Gu intensified.


 Fang Yuan silently took out primeval stones and quickly replenished his primeval essence.


 He then sent one blue gemstone of the stargate Gu to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fortunately, stargate Gu was not an Immortal Gu, but a rank five Gu, allowing Fang Yuan to be barely able to use moving perspective cup Gu to send it to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 After the stargate Gu was sent to the blessed land, moving perspective cup Gu had already become deformed with cracks all over it and was on the verge of collapse.


 At this point, it could still be used for one last time.


 Fang Yuan stored the moving perspective cup Gu in his aperture and did not use it again.


 He was waiting now.


 Moving perspective cup Gu had been refined by him and possessed his will. But he had already lent it to little Hu Immortal, thus she could also use it.


 The several times before were all him using moving perspective cup Gu.


 It was because Hu Immortal blessed land’s timeflow was several times faster than at northern plains. If little Hu Immortal recklessly activated it from the blessed land, it was very possible Fang Yuan would not have been prepared.


 " Puff ... it is up to little Hu Immortal now. If she fails, she will have to send another moving perspective cup Gu for the final use. Hopefully, she can succeed."


 Before Fang Yuan left, he had refined only one set of moving perspective cup Gu. But he had reminded Little Hu Immortal. For a period of time, Little Hu Immortal and Immortal Crane Sect had made several transactions and exchanged many Gu refinement materials, and had already refined the second set of moving perspective cup Gu.


 Time was becoming somewhat difficult to endure.


 Whether it was connecting heaven Gu or divine sense Gu, they were both rank five Gu and had an extremely huge demand for primeval essence. Even a rank five peak stage Gu Master might only be able to last for several breaths. Thus, usually only Gu Immortals or land spirits would consume immortals essence to use them.


 As for why Fang Yuan did not activate moving perspective cup Gu at Lang Ya blessed land, it was because he did not want to expose them. If it was exposed, the Lang Ya land spirit would definitely demand for its recipe.


 Minutes ticked by, and with several times the speed at Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The chilly night wind made Fang Yuan slightly restless. He stood up and began to pace around.


 The sky was filled with many stars, providing sufficient starlight. The stargate Gu in Fang Yuan’s hand, however, had no movement.


 "Did it fail? Was that group of starlight firefly Gu at treasure yellow heaven bought by someone else?" As time passed by, Fang Yuan’s heart continued to sink.


 He stopped pacing about and stood on the spot for a long while with his hands behind his back.


 He gazed afar, crescent lake sparkled with light in tranquilness. The wolf group beside him; some were standing and some were lying down, all with different postures.


 He could not help thinking back to that scene when he went to capture the liquor worm at Qing Mao mountain.


 He broke out in laughter, his worries gone and his gaze once more became unclouded.


 All the worries, all the pressure, all the impatience since the start till now dispersed with the wind.


 He gazed at the night sky and breathed out all the turbid air in him, and suddenly felt that his current life was so beautiful; giving everything to pursue the greatest goal, having no regrets.


 He came to an understanding, his heart was clear like a mirror that could not be stained by dust, tranquil like this crescent lake.


 Since his rebirth at Qing Mao mountain, he had always been exhausting his mind, and now he suddenly understood something.


 This comprehension was unclear as it lingered around his heart before finally turning into a sentence, he mumbled: "The night sky is really beautiful."


 This was his heartfelt emotion.


 The moment he said these words, Fang Yuan’s body lightened and felt he had unloaded a thousand jin of weight, as if he was about to fly.


 His entire disposition also seemed to have changed. The cold aura disappeared without a trace, turning into a clear and carefree aura. The dark pupils with abysmal depths let out a clear light now, just like a newborn baby or like a star.


 The stargate Gu in his hand slightly shook at this moment and the shaking intensified.


 Fang Yuan opened his hand.


 The blue gemstone-like stargate Gu leisurely flew in the air, large amounts of starlight gathered and condensed towards it. The scene was beautiful and dreamy.


 In an instant, the starlight formed into an enormous oval door.


 Stargate Gu had succeeded!


 Fang Yuan calmly watched it; the corner of his lips slightly curled up into a smile, but his eyes were still calm as water.


 He unhurriedly stepped into the stargate, the starlight in front of him turned into a whirlpool and flew away with his body.


 After a dozen or so breaths of time, he walked out of the stargate and appeared in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 "Master, you are back!" Little Hu Immortal was extremely happy as she leapt into Fang Yuan’s chest.


 Fang Yuan chuckled and rubbed the land spirit’s tiny head.


 "Yes, I am back." He gently said.



***
Chapter 466: There is nothing that cannot be sold


***





 Chapter 466: There is nothing that cannot be sold


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 After several months, Fang Yuan finally returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The little Hu Immortal land spirit became very excited upon his return; the flow of time inside of the immortal land was five times faster compared to the outside world. While Fang Yuan had only spent a few months in northern plains, to her, it had already been a year.


 Fang Yuan looked at the stargate behind him.


 This stargate, compared to the one in northern plains, was much smaller. It was about the height of a person, and barely allowed Fang Yuan to fit through.


 The one at the crescent lake in northern plains was much taller, and was many times wider.


 "Stargate Gu isn’t isn’t split into main and sub Gu, it consumes too much primeval essence, even a rank five peak stage Gu Master cannot sustain it for three breaths’ time, only immortal essence could allow it to be used continuously. If little Hu Immortal land spirit activates it first, while i hold the other half in my hands and activate it along with her, I will not have to consume primeval essence."


 "However, the stargate Gu’s activation not only requires large amount of primeval essence, it also needs a large amount of starlight, in order to form the gate. Northern plains is one of the five regions, stars fill the sky and starlight is abundant. But here in the Hu Immortal blessed land, the starlight is vastly inferior, as the only source comes from the starlight firefly Gu."


 As Fang Yuan was inwardly thought to himself, his gaze rested upon the small swarm of starlight firefly Gu that fluttered about in the air.


 The starlight firefly Gu was a rank three Gu, small in size, almost like a normal firefly, but when they were activated, they emitted genuine azure starlight.


 This swarm of fireflies, originally consisted of more than five hundred, but because of the activations of the stargate Gu, thirty-two of them already died. In order to maintain the activated stargate Gu, one firefly dies in every three breath’s time.


 Five hundred starlight firefly Gu, while it may seem like a large amount, it could not maintain the gate for a long period of time.


 Because of this, Fang Yuan commanded little Hu Immortal to deactivate the stargate Gu.


 The stargate dissipated, and reverted back into a oval sapphire. Little Hu Immortal stretched out her pale and delicate hands, and commanded the precious stargate Gu to return to her.


 "Master, here you go!" Little Hu Immortal cupped the stargate Gu with both of her hands, and looked up with her big watery eyes, offering the stargate Gu to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan gently rubbed her little fox ears, and gave her a soft smile: "I’m leaving it with you, so take good care of it. If I need to use it in the future, I will contact you using the moving perspective cup Gu."


 "Yes, Master! I’ll definitely take good care of it!" Little Hu Immortal solemnly put the stargate Gu within the small pocket of her dress, and patted it with her tiny hand.


 As for the stargate Gu in northern plains, it rested on the grassland, closely guarded by the myriad wolf pack.


 "Master, there are two pieces of immortal essence stones left. I listened to your instructions, using the Immortal Gu recipe to trade for the starlight firefly Gu, this is the excess." Little Hu immortal presented them to him.


 Normal primeval stones, were the size of duck eggs, and were grey in color. Immortal essence stones were also the size of duck eggs, but were not oval in shape, rather, they were round like pearls, and the entire body was glossy, having a translucent and sparkly appearance. They resembled crystals, but had the lustre of jade.


 If normal primeval stones were equated to mortals, then the immortal essence stones could be equated to immortals.


 Immortal essence stones were extremely precious, as it can be used to replenish immortal essence. In addition, it was also used in transactions between immortals, adopted as a precious currency. In the vast Gu world, only the heavenly court could produce immortal essence stones.


 "I see immortal essence stones once again." Fang Yuan smiled with a sigh.


 These two immortal essence stones were incredibly valuable, more valuable than two hundred million primeval essence stones.


 In his previous five hundred years, the most number of immortal essence stones Fang Yuan had held at one point in time was merely over sixty pieces.


 Fang Yuan put away the immortal essence stones, "Good, let’s return to Dang Hun mountain".


 Little Hu Immortal grew delighted upon hearing this, and quickly held Fang Yuan’s hand, and in the next moment they teleported inside Dang Hun palace.


 "Quickly activate the connecting heaven Gu." Fang Yuan commanded.


 There was another stargate Gu was in northern plains, he could not relax.


 Trouble brews as time passes, Fang Yuan should act quickly and efficiently settle the matters of Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Little Hu immortal promptly activated the connecting heaven Gu.


 Hole earth Gu, once planted in the blessed land, could no longer be changed. It was the same for connecting heaven Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s connecting heaven Gu, since it was linked to treasure yellow heaven, it could no longer be altered.


 Little Hu Immortal consumed a slight amount of immortal essence, and the entire body of the Gu worm grew into a round mirror, and floated in the air.


 Reflected in the mirror was a scene of treasure yellow heaven.


 The grotto-heaven was deserted and absolutely empty, with a lemon-like yellow color dying the air slightly. The grotto-heaven was devoid of any mountains, vegetation, and animals which were usually found in ordinary grotto-heavens.


 Above blessed lands were grotto-heavens.


 The most famous grotto-heaven was recorded within <>, it was the famous immemorial nine heavens.


 Verdant Great Sun refined the fixed immortal travel Gu, and flew up to the nine heavens. In azure heaven, he obtained a segment of the jade-green jade bamboo. In blue heaven, he collected the eight-sided diamonds inside the star fragments.


 The immemorial nine heavens consisted of; white heaven, red heaven, orange heaven, yellow heaven, green heaven, azure heaven, blue heaven, purple heaven, and black heaven.


 But later, when Ren Zu’s son caused havoc in heaven and earth, red, orange, yellow, green, azure, blue, and purple, the seven heavens were destroyed consecutively, and all that remained were white and black heavens, with the two alternating between day and night.


 The treasure yellow heaven, was closely related to the yellow heaven of the immemorial nine heavens.


 In the Medieval Antiquity Era, a rank eight Gu Immortal, known as Daoist Countless Treasures, acquired a fragment of yellow heaven by chance. He fused the fragment into his grotto-heaven, and formed treasure yellow heaven.


 Treasure yellow heaven was a very unique grotto-heaven, it was empty without any mountains, trees, or rivers, and there were also no birds, beasts, worms, or fish, there were only precious treasure within.


 There was a rank eight immortal Gu in treasure yellow heaven — treasure light Gu.


 Rank one to rank three treasure light Gu were everywhere, rank four to rank five treasure light Gu were often held in the hands of large forces. Above rank five, the treasure light Immortal Gu, of course, there was only one which was inside treasure yellow heaven.


 Treasure light Gu specialized in assessing the value of an item. The greater the value of the item, the brighter the light of the treasure light Gu.


 In Shang clan city, the battle stage would use the treasure light Gu to evaluate the value of their various Gu worms, and thus assess the strength of the Gu master.


 The main application of treasure light Gu was not merely appraisal, but it could also be used to search for treasure.


 The range of the treasure light Gu was small, and often had to be used in tandem with other Gu worms to boost its detection range.


 In the past, Daoist Countless Treasures used the Immortal Gu treasure light to find countless number of treasures. As time passed, he gained his reputation and title of "Countless Treasures".


 Little Hu Immortal continuously activated the connecting heaven Gu, the image in the mirror changed constantly, as pictures of various objects appeared.


 Gu worms, beast groups, variant humans, vegetation, ore veins, soil, water, quality wine, and other various supplies, all that could be bought was sold.


 Suddenly, the screen displayed a swarm of starlight firefly Gu.


 "Master, this is sold by Starlord Wan Xiang." Little Hu Immortal land spirit used the divine sense Gu to communicate with the merchant.


 "Starlight firefly Gu cannot reproduce, I need a large amount of ordinary starlight fireflies." Fang Yuan nodded as he said.


 Little Hu Immortal communicated for a while, then turned to Fang Yuan: "Master, Starlord Wan Xiang said he’s not selling."


 Fang Yuan was not upset, but instead chuckled: "Hehe, there is nothing that cannot be sold in this world. Not selling merely means the price isn’t high enough, the benefits are not enough to entice them."


 As he spoke, he recalled the remnant recipes of a few Immortal Gu, he wrote them down on a piece of cowhide, and threw it into the connecting heaven Gu.


 The cowhide was completely ordinary, but because it recorded the remnant recipes of Immortal Gu, it was invaluable.


 Once it passed through the connecting heaven Gu and arrived at treasure yellow heaven, all of the cowhide pieces showed three to nine meters of treasure light. This treasure light was rainbow-colored, a beautiful mix of purple and red, it was exceptionally beautiful.


 "Inform him that the price is negotiable." Fang Yuan gave a bright smile, and informed little Hu Immortal.


 He wasn’t afraid of Starlord Wan Xiang’s refusal.


 Immortal Gu were incomparably enticing to Gu Immortals. Although they were just remnant recipes, they were still often in high demand without ample supply.


 Looking at those Gu Immortals who had lived for a long time and had great foundations, which one of them did not have tens of Immortal Gu remnant recipes in their hands?


 But these remnant recipes were rarely sold.


 Similar or closely related Immortal Gu remnant recipes, when combined with each other, would often allow the actual recipe to be discovered. After the Immortal Gu were refined using the recipe, no one else would be able to create them.


 Because of this, the Immortal Gu remnant recipes were rarely traded. Even if they were sold, it would be to exchange remnant recipes for remnant recipes.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had only given the most lacking recipe that he could remember, the treasure light only glowed for one meter, and Starlord Wan Xiang gave him a swarm of starlight fireflies, and two immortal essence stones in exchange.


 Now, with so many secret recipes, the treasure light was at least three meters, Starlord Wan Xiang had to be moved.


 These remnant recipes, once sent in, attracted countless gazes within treasure yellow heaven.


 A large number of divine senses were immediately sent over, little Hu Immortal had to use the divine sense Gu until her little cheeks turned pale.


 "Master, so many Gu Immortals have sent their divine senses over, asking for the price for these remnant recipes!"


 Fang Yuan gave a laugh, "Send a message over, tell them: Each of these recipes can be sold, but they have to queue up one by one. Tell them about the starlight firefly, demand at least a hundred thousand."


 Little Hu Immortal sent her divine sense over, and immediately, someone called ’Fairy Yao Guang’, a female Gu Immortal said that she nurtured a large number of starlight fireflies in her blessed land, and wished to exchange.


 Fang Yuan smiled.


 As expected, Starlord Wan Xiang also changed his attitude, repeatedly approaching him with offers.


 A third Gu immortal, calling himself ’Di Yuan’ , said he possessed a large number of starlight fireflies.


 Fang Yuan paused for a short while, and when he did not see another Gu Immortal making an offer, he could help but let out a sigh of sorrow: these starlight fireflies were immemorial creatures, by the present age, only a small amount were still around.


 With competitors, everything became easier.


 Fang Yuan stayed silent, and let the three Immortals bid against each other. This was an undisguised scheme, but how could there be any morons who cultivated to the level of Gu Immortal? The three immortals did not bid against each other aggressively, instead they negotiated properly, each offering thirty-three thousand starlight fireflies.


 The three groups of starlight fireflies, entered the connecting heaven Gu respectively, each emitting a treasure light.


 Among them, Fairy Yao Guang’s group of fireflies emitted the most feeble light, only three meters in length, Di Yuan’s fireflies emitted a treasure light of five and a half meters, while Starlord Wan Xiang’s fireflies emitted the most powerful light, seven meters in length. This was because there were many starlight firefly Gu mixed in with his group of fireflies.


 "It seem this Starlord Wan Xiang nurtured a lot of starlight fireflies. I remember now, originally after the stargate Gu appeared, Starlord Wan Xiang acted quickly and relied on selling starlight fireflies Gu to earn a large amount of immortal essence stones."


 Fang Yuan suddenly recalled this bit of information.


 Five hundred years of memories contained too much information, many details were not clear, but upon seeing this, his originally obscure memory became clearer.


 After the appearance of the stargate Gu, the price of starlight firefly Gu also rose like a boat riding the tide. In the future, the treasure yellow heaven would not even sell starlight firefly swarms anymore, but only sold starlight firefly Gu.


 Gu worms cannot reproduce, but only ordinary insects had that capability.


 Immediately, Fang Yuan traded three recipes, and obtained over a hundred thousand starlight fireflies. As long as he bred them carefully afterwards, Fang Yuan would be able to produce his own starlight firefly Gu and not need to pay an exorbitant price to purchase them in the future.



***
Chapter 467: Wisdom Path


***





 Chapter 467: Wisdom Path


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Despite having purchased over a hundred thousand starlight fireflies, the trade was far from over.


 Fang Yuan also needed to take care of the issue of feeding these insects.


 "Starlight fireflies consume star fragment grass, I happen to have a large amount of star fragment grass on me, I can sell them to you." Starlord Wan Xiang conveyed his thoughts using divine sense.


 "I need the seeds as well as your farming knowledge. Let’s look at the treasure light intensity first." Fang Yuan spoke through little Hu Immortal, who relayed the information to Starlord Wan Xiang, Fairy Yao Guang, and Di Yuan using divine sense.


 Soon, three documents entered into treasure yellow heaven, each giving off a strong treasure light.


 This time, instead of Starlord Wan Xiang, it was Fairy Yao Guang’s document which had the greatest treasure light, at nearly two meters tall.


 "I am most fond of growing grass, I deliberately migrated a small swarm of starlight fireflies for the production of star fragment grass. If you follow my instructions, you will definitely not suffer losses." Fairy Yao Guang conveyed with her divine sense.


 Fang Yuan contemplated.


 Originally he had already forgotten about it, after all in his previous life, he had had no use for and had never use the stargate Gu.


 Now, through the successive reminders from Lang Ya land spirit, connecting heaven Gu, and Starlord Wan Xiang, his brain gradually began to recall more distinct memories.


 In his memories,once stargate Gu came into the limelight, everything related to starlight firefly Gu became secret, not a single person wanted to sell information.


 "Now that Lang Ya land spirit had obtained stargate Gu’s recipe, perhaps it might refine the stargate Gu, then put it in treasure yellow heaven for sale. Once the stargate Gu is put up for sale in treasure yellow heaven, getting more of such secret information will not be easy."


 Thinking of that, Fang Yuan made his decision, he let little Hu Immortal transmit his thoughts: "I will buy from all three of you, we’ll deal using immortal essence stones."


 The purchasing power of immortal essence stones was very high.


 One piece of immortal essence stone, could purchase all three documents, with a quarter remaining.


 Fang Yuan opened the three documents, and saw many things written on them—


 "Star fragment grass can only be planted in the sky, it grows on clouds. Therefore, it is a good idea to use high quality cloud soil..."


 "Star fragment grass is fond of yin energy, but loathes yang energy, therefore excessive sunlight can kill the star fragment grass. However, it cannot be completely derived of light, the amount it requires is about..."


 "If starlight fireflies live in the star fragment grass, it will aid in spreading the seeds, and possibly increase the area that the grass can grow in as well as its quality..."


 Among the three documents: Di Yuan was simple and brief, Starlord Wan Xiang had innovative ideas, and Fairy Yao Guang was verbose and detailed. Fang Yuan used their knowledge to make up for his shortcomings, and quickly memorized everything. In an instant, he became an expert in cultivating star fragment grass.


 He laughed internally: "With this, I will become the largest seller of starlight fireflies in the future. When the stargate Gu is becomes popular, I will make a fortune!"


 "It’s time to buy liquor." Fang Yuan did not forget the need to purchase top quality wine.


 He had already collected three kinds of top quality wines, this was the last one left.


 Within treasure yellow heaven, naturally, top quality wine was sold. It was primarily used to refine Gu by Gu Immortals, but it was also an excellent beverage for enjoying life.


 But when Fang Yuan wanted to purchase his wine, the whole of treasure yellow heaven erupted, as countless divine senses were stirred up.


 "Immortal Gu, someone is selling Immortal Gu!" Little Hu Immortal land spirit cried out.


 The mirror flashed, and the image of an Immortal Gu appeared.


 "Divine travel Gu!" Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk.


 The immortal Gu that was being sold was exactly the one he needed, divine travel Gu. Someone was one step ahead of him and had already grabbed possession of the divine travel Gu.


 "Sigh, after all is said and done, I was late by one step." Fang Yuan was stunned for a moment, then laughed out loud.


 He wanted to refine second aperture Gu, thus he needed divine travel Gu. But in three kings blessed land, due to the circumstances, he refined divine travel Gu into fixed immortal travel Gu.


 According to the records in <>, consuming four top quality wines was the criteria to obtain divine travel Gu. Fang Yuan had been collecting wine for this purpose, but now, someone was a step ahead of him.


 "Without divine travel Gu, the second aperture Gu would be stuck at the last step, I won’t be able to complete it. Thankfully, there is still a few decades of its lifespan."


 "All in all, it was because I was too high profile on San Cha mountain when I refined the Gu, causing everyone to know about it. It is not strange that someone snatched it from me."


 Fang Yuan shrugged, he had predicted this long ago.


 When he used divine travel Gu to refine fixed immortal travel Gu, it was seen by a lot of Gu Masters. This definitely caused a great commotion, the Gu Immortals in southern border were not idiots, how could they not act?


 But earlier, Fang Yuan was banking on the competition between Gu Immortals, that they would restrict each other and delay their progress, thus he was working hard to collect the wines.


 In life, there were always a few things that one had to work hard for despite a low chance of success so that they would not have regrets. If they did not even work for it, then it would be absolutely hopeless.


 "Regarding matters in this world, most do not go according to one’s wishes, I am used to that. But since this divine travel Gu was put up for transaction here, I have to take a look, there might still be a chance."


 Fang Yuan took it in his stride, he did not worry about losses or boast over gains, his mind was always peaceful and calm.


 Since treasure yellow heaven was the greatest transaction market among Gu Immortals, there were very rare instances where Immortal Gu were sold.


 These transactions were mostly using Immortal Gu to trade for Immortal Gu. But the Gu Immortal who sold the divine travel Gu, Old Man Yan Shi, had a rather peculiar transaction request.


 "I want to use this divine travel Gu to exchange for the second aperture Gu’s recipe."


 The information in this request was too stunning, it created a lot of commotion. In treasure yellow heaven, the divine senses of all sorts of Gu Immortals were interacting with each other, turning the scene into chaos.


 "Divine travel Gu! To think that we will get to see this legendary Gu worm today."


 "Although it is an Immortal Gu, the divine travel Gu’s ability is way too random. Back then, even Ren Zu’s son got into trouble using it, it will be even more dangerous for us tiny Gu Immortals."


 "But divine travel Gu is still an Immortal Gu, keeping it with you, when you are forced into a dead end, you can use it to gamble at the moment of despair."


 "Compared to the divine travel Gu, I am more interested in the second aperture Gu’s recipe!"


 "That’s right, I’ve heard of the second aperture Gu long ago, but to think the recipe really exists?"


 "A second aperture! Hehe, mortals might not understand the full value of this, but to us Gu Immortals, who would not be moved?"


 ...


 Fang Yuan had already stood up, gazing at the connecting heaven Gu in mid air.


 He had the second aperture Gu’s recipe, he just needed a thought to exchange for this Gu.


 But!


 "This Old Man Yan Shi who is selling the divine travel Gu is coming for me. He requested for the second aperture Gu’s recipe... and his timing in selling this Gu was neither early nor late, he picked the exact moment when I was browsing through... impressive! This Gu Immortal is mostly likely on the immemorial wisdom path, he is adept at predictions and deductions. The fact that I had used connecting heaven Gu and was trading in treasure yellow heaven was already foreseen by him!"


 Wisdom path was a very mysterious path among Gu Masters. It had been passed down since the immemorial era, but the numbers were always very small.


 The creator of the wisdom path was Star Constellation Immortal Venerable, the lord of the second generation heavenly court. She lived for nineteen thousand years, and had the second longest lifespan among the rank nine Gu Immortals.


 Before she died, she deduced from the heavenly secret, and obtained the information of all that happened three million years after her death. She found out that after her death, the heavenly court would be without a lord for a long time, causing a long period of turmoil as three Demon Venerables appear.


 She made three arrangements that dealt with each of the three Demon Venerables respectively. Next, she instructed her descendants to follow what she said to ensure that the heavenly court was peaceful for three hundred years.


 After she died, there was a huge turmoil indeed as the era shifted, as during three great generations, three Demon Venerables appeared one after another.


 The three Demon Venerables were invincible during their times, attacking the heavenly court but were obstructed by Star Constellation Immortal Venerable’s plans, failing and causing the heavenly court to stay intact.


 "Wisdom path Gu Immortal... Old Man Yan Shi..." Fang Yuan squinted his eyes, muttering. It was not a good thing to be targeted by a wisdom path Gu immortal.


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals knew about the heavenly secret and were most skilled at making arrangements ahead of time and making predictions about the future. Often, they could scheme against people without them knowing, causing others to fall into traps unknowingly.


 "I gathered too much attention in southern border, and ended up attracting a wisdom path Gu Immortal. Hehehe, in this life I was courageous and made great progress, charging through a dangerous cliff, I went too fast and with just my mortal body, I gained the attention of a Gu Immortal!"


 Such a scenario was like an ant attracting the attention of an elephant.


 At once, Fang Yuan could almost see a pair of wise and scheming eyes piercing through the connecting heaven Gu to observe himself.


 The air was filled with formless pressure.


 But Fang Yuan’s state of mind was no longer like before, he laughed with his head up high, dispelling the pressure in his heart.


 "Good, the schemes of a wisdom path Gu Immortal makes this much more interesting. Hmph, just a mere divine travel Gu, just a mere second aperture Gu, how can that entice me?"


 His five hundred years of experience nurtured a keen instinct that was sensitive to danger.


 Fang Yuan had a vague feeling, this divine travel Gu was likely bait that Old Man Yan Shi was using to attract him.


 "Although an Immortal Gu is good, my goal is eternal life, this so-called Immortal Gu is merely a tool in my cultivation journey."


 ...


 At the same time, in southern border, Sheng Si blessed land.


 An old man, wearing a black robe, gave off the eerie aura of a rank seven Gu Immortal as he sat on the cushion silently.


 His face was wrinkled, his eyes were dark without any white parts in them.


 He stared at the connecting heaven Gu in the sky, feeling the divine senses moving about inside treasure yellow heaven. He was expressionless and motionless.


 It was Old Man Yan Shi!


 Before the old man was the kneeling killer ghost doctor Chou Jiu.


 He looked at connecting heaven Gu for a long time, before showing disappointment: "Supreme Master, it seems that Fang Yuan did not take the bait."


 Old Man Yan Shi smiled, not showing any annoyance: "This tiny fish is interesting, he is able to let go so easily, as a mere mortal, his disposition surpasses a large number of Gu Immortals. But he was too daring, he turned you into his slave and messed with us Shadow Sect. He is simply courting death."


 Chou Jiu quickly bowed: "All thanks to Supreme Master’s return, otherwise, I would’ve suffered the fate of being a slave for life!"


 "Mm..." Old Man Yan Shi raised his head: "Little disciple, I have already altered the slavery Gu on you. I calculated that Fang Yuan would join the righteous demonic battle of Yi Tian mountain, at that time you can be a spy by his side, and wait for a chance to strike."


 "Yes, Supreme Master!"


 "Mm, go down and call your junior sister Bai Ning Bing."


 "Yes, this disciple takes his leave."



***
Chapter 468: Scheme


***





 Chapter 468: Scheme


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 An Immortal Gu was hovering in the air, emitting quiet and exquisite light.


 A lemon colored halo completely covered Bai Ning Bing’s body and sank into her aperture.


 Yellow-green light colored vines had already creeped around her aperture walls, densely attached to the walls.


 After a moment, Old Man Yan Shi took a deep breath and recalled the Immortal Gu back to his aperture: "Alright, I have used everlasting Gu’s ability on your aperture; you will be fine for the next three months. According to your cultivation speed, you must come here after three months to reinforce your aperture again."


 It has already been a long time since the San Cha mountain battle. Bai Ning Bing’s aptitude had already recovered to a hundred percent, restoring one of the ten extreme aptitudes - Northern Dark Ice Soul physique.


 A hundred percent primeval essence emitted an extremely great pressure on her aperture. If not for Old Man Yan Shi using everlasting Gu to reinforce her aperture, Bai Ning Bing would not have survived till now.


 Although Old Man Yan Shi was her life saving benefactor, Bai Ning Bing did not feel any gratitude, instead she stood upright with an ice cold demeanour.


 After Old Man Yan Shi took away the Immortal Gu, she opened her blue eyes, her gaze cold and her expression indifferent.


 She was no more the novice, greenhorn kid from back then.


 By travelling alongside Fang Yuan, she had learned many things.


 Old Man Yan Shi had taken the initiative to look for her after knowing about her through Chou Jiu, clearly to make use of her. Her joining Shadow Sect was also no more than a transaction.


 Old Man Yan Shi smiled warmly: "Bai Ning Bing, as long as you sincerely pledge allegiance to Shadow Sect, and make a new sea oath, I will turn you back to a male."


 "Hmph, no need. You are helping me to suppress my aperture, so I am joining Shadow Sect temporarily to help you deal with Fang Yuan and obtain fixed immortal travel Gu from him; this is nothing more than a fair transaction. As for my male body, I will personally retrieve it, only then can it be spectacular. How could I, Bai Ning Bing, do something like relying on others?"


 Bai Ning Bing then turned around and left.


 Only when she exited the secret room, did Bai Ning Bing’s ice cold expression loosen up, her brows furrowed and her gaze turned cold.


 She did not like this rank seven wisdom path Gu Immortal Old Man Yan Shi; she always felt he had a hidden motive.


 Although the other was a Gu Immortal, Bai Ning Bing had never feared death. As a person who was not afraid of death, why would she be afraid of Gu Immortals?


 However, they had the same objective, both f them wanted to deal with Fang Yuan, so Bai Ning Bing agreed to this transaction and joined Shadow Sect temporarily.


 "Fang Yuan..."


 When she thought of him, Bai Ning Bing could not help thinking back to the scene at three kings blessed land.


 Under countless people’s eyes, Fang Yuan flew towards heaven and with a mortal body, refined an Immortal Gu!


 Shortly after, three kings blessed land collapsed and everyone fell into chaos as they hurried to leave San Cha mountain. Winds of assimilation blew and wiped out the whole San Cha mountain until it was a barren land.


 Little beast king’s name was talked by countless people and soon spread to the whole southern border crazily. Fang Yuan disappeared, and Gu Immortals gave orders to all their forces to look for him.


 Bai Ning Bing who had travelled together with him, naturally became a target all great forces chased after. Whether it was righteous path or demonic path, they all wanted to get her.


 If not for Wei Yang’s sense of brotherhood and thus intentionally let go of Bai Ning Bing, as well as her meeting Chou Jiu while gravely injured, Bai Ning Bing would have been a captive somewhere already.


 After Chou Jiu healed her injuries, he made a proposal to her to join Shadow Sect and deal with Fang Yuan together.


 After Bai Ning Bing’s scheme against Fang Yuan failed, she was even confident of her guess that Fang Yuan had a prediction Gu. And when she heard behind Chou Jiu was a similar predictive wisdom path Gu Immortal, she could not help but be moved.


 Although she did not fear death, she was truly not resigned to losing her life like that and letting Fang Yuan live; it would be her greatest defeat, and was too lackluster.


 Thus, she agreed to Chou Jiu’s request and temporarily joined Shadow Sect, making an oath in front of the Immortal Gu, Sea Oath Gu, with Old Man Yan Shi and Chou Jiu: She was free to leave and regain her freedom once they killed Fang Yuan. At the same time, Shadow Sect cannot directly or indirectly make a move against her.


 When Bai Ning Bing’s receding figure disappeared, Old Man Yan Shi’s expression slowly turned dark.


 Bai Ning Bing had a demonic nature, causing even this wisdom path Gu Immortal Old Man Yan Shi to find it hard to control her.


 "This kid has no care for laws and morality, and is only joining hands with me because of the situation. She is absolutely not someone who will stay under others for long." Old Man Yan Shi’s gaze was extremely profound.


 "But it is not important. I have planned for so many years in my quest for immortality, why would I be afraid of the tiny ripples that this little fish can create? Hmph!"


 Old Man Yan Shi coldly snorted and turned his gaze to connecting heaven Gu’s screen.


 Right at this time, a divine sense was transmitted to him —"I have second aperture Gu’s recipe here, I want to exchange with your divine travel Gu."


 The owner of the divine sense called himself Lang Ya old immortal.


 "Hehehehe..." Old Man Yan Shi laughed heartily.


 The fish has taken the bait!


 Who said this bait could only lure Fang Yuan? Fang Yuan was only a small fish, Lang Ya land spirit was the true big fish.


 "Lang Ya blessed land is rumored to have stored countless recipes. It has dropped from a grotto-heaven to a blessed land, and in the present age, it can be said to be the number one blessed land! Even more importantly, this blessed land has a lot of Immortal Gu as well. Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus is at the top, I must obtain it!"


 Old Man Yan Shi’s eyes flickered with a burning light filled with avarice.


 He had been scheming since a long, long time ago.


 In actual fact, the second aperture Gu recipe that Lang Ya blessed land had was intentionally due to his planning.


 With Lang Ya land spirit’s love for collecting recipes and refining Gu, he would definitely want to refine second aperture Gu!


 "Now I have to wait for a good opportunity!" Old Man Yan Shi sneered at the side while sending out his divine sense to accept Lang Ya land spirit’s offer and began their transaction at Treasure Yellow Heaven.


 Divine travel Gu came out from the mirror, even if the connecting heaven Gu’s ability had been amplified by many other Gu, it still caused the connecting heaven Gu to be filled with cracks, and after several breaths, completely collapsed.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not care about this connecting heaven Gu, there were still many connecting heaven Gu left in the blessed land.


 The land spirit looked at divine travel Gu with a burning gaze and laughed heartily: "I had already wanted to refine second aperture Gu, haha, this is really too good!"


 He took out another connecting heaven Gu on the spot and connected to treasure yellow heaven, looking for Gu refinement materials without restraint.


 "Hehehe, an easy pray!" Old Man Yan Shi laughed heartily as he looked at this scene through connecting heaven Gu.


 A heavyweight transaction relating to Immortal Gu naturally would be noticed by many Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan was also paying attention.


 "Who bought the divine travel Gu?" Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed and immediately asked Little Hu Immortal.


 "It is Lang Ya old immortal." Little Hu Immortal replied with clear voice.


 "Lang Ya land spirit... Just like what I expected." Fang Yuan slightly narrowed his eyes before concentrating on connecting heaven Gu again.


 After a moment, he discovered Lang Ya land spirit wantonly buying Gu refinement materials; his eyes flashed with rays of cold light.


 "Hmph, so many Gu Immortals are dumping precious Gu refinement materials to Lang Ya land spirit. This is clearly a trap. The land spirits have wisdom, but their obsessions are much deeper and can be easily exploited by Gu Immortals. Wait a second..."


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts suddenly shook.


 The immortals selling the Gu refinement materials were metal path Gu Immortal Tie Jia Zi, soul path Gu Immortal Wang Gan Yang, wood path Gu Immortal Fairy Tan Xiang, enslavement path Gu Immortal Great Immortal Xue Xiong... These names were familiar.


 ’Weren’t they the Gu Immortals who participated in the second wave of attacks against Lang Ya blessed land?’


 For a moment, Fang Yuan’s eyes flickered with sharp light, he became aware of an enormous scheme that had not been recorded in the history.


 "So it was like this! In my past life, Lang Ya blessed land endured six waves of attack before finally collapsing in the seventh wave. So there were manipulators behind the scene, they were hatching a sinister plot."


 Before, Fang Yuan was only an audience, but now that he was involved, he discovered this truth.


 "This Old Man Yan Shi’s purpose in selling divine travel Gu is not just to aim at me, his bigger target is Lang Ya blessed land. Out of the seven waves of attack, how many did he organize?"


 "If he is southern border’s Gu Immortal, then why would these northern plains Gu Immortals listen to his arrangements? Is he indirectly making use of them or did he give them a direct order?"


 No doubt, the wisdom path Gu Immortal Old Man Yan Shi had organized a group of immortals; just this information created a formless pressure.


 Fang Yuan did not know right now that this organization was the Shadow Sect he had heard before!


 But this did not hinder him from guessing the strength and the mystery of this organization.


 An organization that spanned across southern border and northern plains, how big would it be? But Fang Yuan had never heard of such an organization, even in the five hundred years of his past life. How mysterious was this organization?


 "Of course, all these speculations are based on the foundation that Old Man Yan Shi is a Gu Immortal of Southern Border. Maybe it is all just a coincidence?"


 "Let me think again, did Old Man Yan Shi plan the first wave of attack? As for the next waves of attack, did he have a hand in them? As for the seventh wave, it was Heavenly Court’s move, that was absolutely not something Old Man Yan Shi could control."


 Fang Yuan was certain of this.


 Heavenly Court was high above others, it originated from central continent and had a formidable background, it was not something an immortal of Southern Border could interfere in.


 Among the five great regions, since ancient times till now, the greatest Gu Immortal organization was only the Heavenly Court.


 Heavenly Court’s might made people feel suffocation. Only rank eight and rank nine Gu Immortals could establish their presence there.


 This point could be judged from the conclusion.


 After the Heavenly Court made their move, they left after taking away all the recipes in Lang Ya blessed land.


 "Where was Old Man Yan Shi at that time in my previous life?"


 Old Man Yan Shi was a mysterious character who had hidden in the depths of the history! Behind him was a mysterious organization that had influence in both northern plains and southern border, two great regions.


 "Wisdom path Gu Immortal, a mysterious organization, Heavenly Court... The path to immortality is truly fraught with danger at every step. When I burst through these obstacles, how great would I feel?"


 The higher the difficulty and stronger the enemies, the more fighting spirit Fang Yuan would have.


 The path he was walking on was destined to be a lonely one from the start, destined to make an enemy of the world. Heavenly Court and the mysterious organization were like two giant beasts blocking this path. At the same time, this dark path was filled with thorns, traps and schemes.


 This was an incomparably difficult path.


 And no one had been able to reach the end since ancient times.


 Fang Yuan, however, was fighting by himself, marching by himself and waging war by himself.


 The source of all his motivation was the simplest, most insatiable, most sneered at and most incomprehensible...


 Dream.


 A seemingly unrealistic dream about eternal life.


 Whether he could succeed or not, Fang Yuan had never considered it.


 He only knew that even if he failed and died, he would have no regrets.


 Today, through a transaction, he discovered the whirlpool that had been hidden in the shadows. Then he looked at the prospects of his own path which was filled with incomparable darkness, incomparable danger and dead ends at almost every step.


 "Since there is no path to walk on, I shall carve out my own path."


 Fang Yuan smiled, his gaze containing a profound light and his disordered thoughts all tidied up as he once again concentrated on connecting heaven Gu.


 It was time to buy relic Gu.



***
Chapter 469: Living Chess


***





 Chapter 469: Living Chess


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Relic Gu can directly increase the foundation of the aperture, raising a Gu Master’s cultivation realm.


 From rank one two five, they were: green bronze, red steel, white silver, yellow gold, and purple crystal relic Gu. Relic Gu were mortal Gu, there were no rank six and above Immortal Gu for it.


 Among them, green bronze, red steel, and white silver relic Gu were widely sold in the market. As for yellow gold and purple crystal relic Gu, because they affected the battle strength of rank four and five Gu Masters, and could influence the status of many forces, they were restricted and controlled by large organisations, and were hardly sold in the market.


 But in treasure yellow heaven, yellow gold and purple crystal relic Gu were available.


 Gu Immortals could not raise their cultivation through purple crystal relic Gu, but they were still very rare Gu.


 Because not only could these two Gu be used to rank cultivation, they were used to refine Immortal Gu as well. In Immortal Gu recipes, they were often used as important catalysts.


 Other than refinement, if a Gu Immortal had descendants, they would collect many relic Gu for their clans or juniors to use.


 Thus in treasure yellow heaven, although rank one to three relic Gu were sold in batches, there were few rank four yellow gold relic Gu, and even less purple gold relic Gu.


 Yellow gold, purple crystal relic Gu, these were widely used in Immortal Gu recipes, when Fang Yuan refined the Spring Autumn Cicada, and the second aperture Gu, he used them in the process. In fact, even the Immortal Gu Blood Deity’s remnant recipe also required large amounts of relic Gu.


 But because Immortal Gu were involved, prices of relic Gu were always sky high. Even so, this situation was way better than the mortal realm’s restrict control.


 Fang Yuan immediately bought three purple crystal relic Gu, and spent a great sum to buy an immediate success Gu.


 This Gu was much more expensive than purple crystal relic Gu, because it could raise the success rate of Gu refinement.


 Thereafter, Fang Yuan bought a large number of low rank Gu and refinement materials, preparing to refine rank five breath concealment Gu and others.


 Although treasure yellow heaven could inspect the treasure light, just the height of the light could not detect whether the Gu worm had been tampered with. Thus, it is not very safe, and Fang Yuan decided to refine the Gu himself to be safe.


 Selling all the remnant recipes in his hand and buying large amounts of resources, after deducting treasure yellow heaven’s processing fee, Fang Yuan had twenty-eight pieces of immortal essence stones left in his possession.


 Of course, he could repeatedly sell these Immortal Gu remnant recipes, but their corresponding treasure light would decrease, only after an amount of time would the treasure light recover.


 Transactions in treasure yellow heaven heavily depended on the treasure light. The stronger the light, the higher the price. When the treasure light weakened, the sale price would fall as well.


 After all, the value of remnant recipes drop when more people know about them. If he continued to sell them, Fang Yuan’s earning will decrease, and the Gu Immortals who bought them earlier would feel that they suffered a loss. Waiting for a period of time before selling it again benefited both parties.


 The seller sells at the original price, while buyers gain a lot of precious time to research on the recipe, after all, Immortal Gu were unique once they were created.


 "This way, the most precious recipes I have left are Spring Autumn Cicada, second aperture Gu, and the remnant recipe of Blood Deity. As for the other recipes, I can sell them again, but only in a few months."


 This time obviously referred to the five regions’ time.


 As for the other recipes like using divine travel Gu to refine fixed immortal travel Gu were known by all. There would be no light if it was placed into treasure yellow heaven.


 "Rockmen, I have to provide them to Immortal Crane Sect, this is to make sure Immortal Crane Sect does not find out the truth, so that I can relieve our tensions and stall for time."


 Now that Dang Hun mountain was dying, the production of guts Gu were decreasing. The number of rockmen in each transaction had been dropping, as Immortal Crane Sect’s patience was running thin. They would fight eventually, but Fang Yuan had to stall for as much time as he could.


 "But thankfully, they would only think that I was defending Hu Immortal blessed land from the inside, and was a trapped fish. They would never expect me to have gone to northern plains, and was even able to return. Even that Old Man Yan Shi would not see this coming."


 Wisdom path Gu Immortals were skilled at deductions and predictions, but they could not gain information out of nothing. They had to use all sorts of clues and traces, to track back to the source and make their deductions.


 Fang Yuan’s vital Gu was Spring Autumn Cicada, his greatest advantage was rebirth. With five hundred years of memories, he had stargate Gu, moving perspective cup Gu, all these were Gu worms that were more advanced than the current five regions by a generation.


 "I can’t sell remnant recipes for the time being, and the rockmen have to be supplied to Immortal Crane Sect, but I have other things to sell!"


 Fang Yuan had a plan long ago, this item was none other than soil.


 The soil in treasure yellow heaven were all rare goods, like cloud soil, rotten soil, salt soil etc. Many blessed land produced soil, and they would sell it inside treasure yellow heaven to exchange for what they needed with other Gu Masters.


 The soil Fang Yuan wanted to sell was not ordinary either, it was the gruel mud.


 Back then, when the earthly calamity struck and Dang Hun mountain was damaged, polluted by the ability of Immortal Gu Gruel Mud, the entire mountain started to turn into rotten mud.


 But in this world, fortune and misfortune came together.


 Although Dang Hun mountain rocks were turned into mud, they contained the gruel mud Immortal Gu’s power, in Gu Immortals’ eyes, this was a must-have ingredient when refining the gruel mud Immortal Gu!


 As expected, after Fang Yuan placed it into treasure yellow heaven, a large amount of attention was garnered.


 "What day is it today, so many good things are on sale?"


 "Gruel mud, this is the real gruel mud, I can feel the intense Immortal Gu aura from it."


 "It is a pity I do not have the gruel mud Immortal Gu’s recipe, I have no use for this mud..."


 The divine senses of the Gu Immortals were moving about as many sent their divine senses to compete for the item.


 "I need the gruel mud Immortal Gu’s recipe, I will not exchange it for anything else." Under Fang Yuan’s orders, little Hu Immortal sent her divine sense over.


 This strict request caused the Gu Immortals to scoff.


 "Using a pile of mud to exchange for an Immortal Gu’s recipe? You are way too greedy."


 "The gruel mud Immortal Gu is a one-time consumable Gu, the recipe is evidently more important than Gu worm itself, you have the face to say you want to exchange it for the recipe?"


 "This is too unrealistic, I advice you to change your condition, otherwise, this pile of mud will stay in treasure yellow heaven without a buyer forever."


 But little Hu Immortal quickly said: "I am not requesting for the complete Immortal recipe, whoever has the remnant recipe with the highest treasure light will get this."


 The Gu Immortals stopped talking, starting to observe this.


 Soon, a Gu Immortal took out a remnant recipe and the treasure light was about four meters.


 This was not up to Fang Yuan’s standards, he stared at the mirror and laughed, instructing little Hu Immortal: "As long as the other Gu Immortals each took out a remnant recipe, we will add one jin of gruel mud."


 "Yes master!" Little Hu Immortal replied quickly.


 In Hu Immortal blessed land, there was a lot of gruel mud.


 From start to end, all the gruel mud were cleared out of Dang Hun mountain by little Hu Immortal, but they did not throw it out of the blessed land, instead transferring it to the west area.


 After these years, through the conversion of the gruel mud inside the blessed land, there was a swamp forming slowly.


 The former disaster was now a resource.


 In treasure yellow heaven, the Gu Immortals’ divine senses were in a commotion.


 With the addition of every remnant recipe, little Hu Immortal would add a jin of gruel mud. Such an act was telling others clearly — we have a ton of it here!


 All the remnant recipes were added in one by one, as the treasure light intensified. From the four meters, it had already rose to about six meters and was still increasing.


 Fang Yuan looked for a while and his smile became wider.


 His soul was from Earth, his marketing skills far surpassed this world. On Earth, enterprises boomed while in treasure yellow heaven, immortal essence stones could barely be used as the currency of trade, most transactions were done using the primitive bartering method.


 Fang Yuan’s method was a form of increasing his exposure, it attracted many Gu Immortals to sell the remnant recipe of the gruel mud Immortal Gu.


 Of course, this was only a tiny trick.


 Next, Fang Yuan instructed little Hu Immortal to handle the other matters one by one.


 "It is about time, I have to go now."


 Fang Yuan was counting the time, dividing the time he spent in Hu Immortal blessed land by five, was the amount of time that had passed in northern plains.


 "Master, goodbye, you have to come back often okay." Little Hu Immortal brought Fang Yuan to the west area of the blessed land, and under the radiance of the starlight firefly Gu, it activated the stargate Gu once again.


 Fang Yuan was carrying many refinement materials, as well as low rank Gu worms as he stepped into the stargate.


 Not long after, he stepped out of the other stargate, back to the crescent lake in northern plains.


 As he had calculated, it was currently near dawn, as the sun was rising, the first ray of sunlight shining on the land.


 The light breeze caused small ripples along the surface of the lake.


 The air was refreshing, there was dew on the grass near him, and there were bird groups gathering on the surface of the lake, spreading their wings like they were dancing.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, his heart was overjoyed.


 Snatching Ma Hong Yun’s fortune by force, Fang Yuan obtained Lang Ya land spirit’s help this time. In Lang Ya blessed land, he used one of the chances to obtain the stargate Gu and others.


 After that, he returned to Hu Immortal blessed land and used connecting heaven Gu to settle the problem of the lack of resources.


 "But after this, all my stagnating chess pieces have room for further development. The entire chessboard is alive once more."


 As the sky turned bright, Fang Yuan returned to Ge tribe camp under the wolf group’s accompaniment.


 "I am going to refine Gu in closed cultivation, nobody is to disturb me." He gave his orders as he locked himself inside the lizard house, starting his Gu refinement.


 Regardless of where the Gu refinement materials came from, the Gu worms created belonged to the region it is born in. That is to say, although the materials in Fang Yuan’s hands came from central continent, as long as he refined them inside northern plains, all of them will be northern plains Gu, and would not be suppressed here.


 The first Gu he was going to refine was the moving perspective cup Gu.


 Moving perspective cup Gu was rank five, the set that was refined in Hu Immortal blessed land was about to break, it could only be used one more time. After visiting treasure yellow heaven, Fang Yuan had the resources now, he was obviously going to refine another set of moving perspective cup Gu.


 At the same time, in crescent lake.


 Yan tribe’s nine Gu Masters were travelling quickly on their hump wolves.


 "Stop, there are wolf footprints here!" Yan tribe leader stopped his wolf, looking at the large number of footprints in front of him, he expressed great shock.


 "So many wolves, this is a myriad wolf group..." The other Gu Masters exclaimed.


 "Ge tribe camp is not too far away, do you think this myriad wolf group is heading towards them?"


 "Not good! Look at these footprints, there are poison beard wolves, wind wolves, as well as turtleback wolves and night wolves and so on."


 "Wild wolf groups only live among themselves, a mix of so many wolves only means that they are being controlled by a Gu Master!"


 Yan tribe leader pondered: "Ge tribe was once a large size tribe, but now that they were forced to migrate, they are no longer as great as before, they have no way of feeding such a huge wolf group. Most likely, this wolf group belongs to a demonic Gu Master, our objective this time is to seek reinforcements from Ge tribe, let’s go see what happens first. If Ge tribe faces trouble, we will retreat quietly. If we can do them a cheap favor, we will help them encircle the wolves."


 "Yes lord tribe leader!" Everyone shouted.


 "Go, let’s go to Ge tribe."


 The hump wolves moved again, bringing these people towards Ge tribe camp.



***
Chapter 470: Water Demon


***





 Chapter 470: Water Demon


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Halt!" The patrolling Ge tribe Gu Master saw the Yan tribe Gu Masters and shouted.


 Yan tribe Gu Masters stopped their hump wolves, as an elder spoke: "The person beside me is Yan tribe leader Lord Yan Tian Ji, we are here to visit Ge tribe leader."


 "Yan tribe?" Ge tribe Gu Master’s expression changed.


 "That’s right, our main tent is about a hundred li away."


 "Please wait here lords."


 According to northern plains time, Ge tribe had just reached crescent lake and had set up camp for just a day. Ge tribe camp was still busy constructing their homes.


 "Lord, the wolf group footprints all entered Ge tribe camp." A tribe elder said softly at Yan tribe leader Yan Tian Ji.


 Yan Tian Ji nodded, his gaze turning firm: "To think this enslavement path Gu master is from Ge tribe. It seems we came to the right place, this is a strong aid in dealing with Water Demon Hao Ji Liu."


 "But Ge tribe might not necessary help us." A tribe elder was worried.


 Yan Tian Ji sneered, acting as if he had Ge tribe dancing in the palm of his hands: "Hmph, Ge tribe wants to attend the heroes assembly. My daughter is Liu Wen Wu’s fiancée, if I use Liu tribe’s name to ask for reinforcements, can this tiny Ge tribe refuse?"


 Saying so, the newly constructed camp gates opened, as Ge tribe’s new leader Ge Guang came out with the band of elders.


 "Yan tribe leader has come personally, it is our honor. Please follow me to the main tent." Ge Guang invited him enthusiastically.


 "Why is he only a rank three Gu Master?" Sensing Ge Guang’s cultivation, the Yan tribesmen showed contempt.


 Bringing the Yan tribesmen into the camp for a banquet, after they had some wine, Yan tribe leader gazed at his elder.


 The elder quickly said: "To speak the truth, Ge tribe leader, we are here today to ask for help from your tribe."


 "Help?"


 The elder continued: "That’s right. Our tribe’s big missy Yan Cui Er was kidnapped by Hao Ji Liu, this person is unscrupulous and shameless, hiding in crescent lake and extorting our tribe. He is a water path Gu Master, he has great battle strength when fighting underwater, our tribe’s few attempts at saving her failed. This time, we would like to ask for Ge tribe’s help."


 "Hao Ji Liu? You mean, that Water Demon Hao Ji Liu?" Ge Guang thought of this person and his expression changed.


 This person was a rank four upper stage Gu Master, he walked the water path and his vile name was famous in northern plains, he was a devious and scheming demon.


 Ge Guang frowned deeply, after thinking about it, he rejected: "Members of the demonic faction deserves to be brought to justice. As a member of the righteous faction, Ge tribe should help out, but right now, we do not have the ability to do so. My father had died in battle, I was tasked to be the tribe leader immediately after. We have already suffered great losses, we have no strength left to exterminate the Water Demon."


 "Why? Ge tribe leader is unwilling to help?" Hearing Ge Guang’s words, Yan tribe elders’ expressions sank.


 An elder sneered: "Ge tribe leader, you are too young, you do not know certain things, let me tell you. Our tribe’s big missy Yan Cui Er had been engaged to Liu Wen Wu, her status is Liu Wen Wu’s fiancée. If you do not help us save her, when Liu tribe pursues the matter, you will not be able to explain yourselves."


 Ge Guang’s expression changed.


 There were a few super tribes in northern plains, among them were Hei tribe and Liu tribe.


 Liu tribe’s third young master Liu Wen Wu, was an expert in both the brush and sword , he had outstanding talent and high aspirations. This time, he brought his supporters from his tribe and separated from Liu tribe, trying to create his own tribe from scratch, he was one of the few most famous competitors for the throne of the imperial court.


 Liu Wen Wu had a huge force, Yan Cui Er was his fiancée, if Ge tribe did not save her, Liu Wen Wu would definitely find trouble with them during the heroes assembly.


 But now Ge tribe was in dire straits themselves, they had just lost a lot of high rank Gu Masters. If they fought the Water Demon, they would have to shoulder a great loss.


 Ge Guang thought about his tribe’s benefits and did not wish to make enemies with the Water Demon for no reason, but if they did nothing, it might attract Liu Wen Wu’s animosity.


 Ge Guang was very troubled.


 Yan tribe leader saw Ge Guang’s hesitation and laughed: "The righteous path had always stuck together, I believe that Ge tribe would not leave us in the lurch. Ge tribe has outstanding strength, you do not need to conceal it. When we came, we found a large number of wolf footprints, as long as Ge tribe mobilizes your enslavement path Gu Master, we are willing to pay three thousand primeval stones in advance."


 Ge Guang was secretly furious.


 Just three thousand primeval stones, were they giving loose change to a beggar?


 He controlled his anger and laughed bitterly: "You might not know, this enslavement path Gu Master is not a member of Ge tribe, I cannot command him. He is Lord Chang Shan Yin."


 "Chang Shan Yin?" Yan tribe leader was stunned, thinking that this name was very familiar.


 Ge Guang then told him what he knew about Fang Yuan’s origins and identity.


 Yan tribe’s gang were overjoyed at hearing the news.


 "Chang Shan Yin, he is alive!"


 "I remember now, he is someone from my generation. He was once famous throughout northern plains, a highly acclaimed genius enslavement path Gu Master."


 "This is great! Even heaven is helping us, Chang tribe had already submitted to young master Liu Wen Wu, if we tell Chang Shan Yin our request, he will definitely help."


 Yan tribe leader was candid: "Tribe leader Ge Guang, lead the way."


 Ge Guang laughed bitterly: "If I can bring you to him, I would have done it long ago. Lord Chang Shan Yin returned this morning and announced he was going into closed cultivation to refine Gu, if we interrupt him, I’m afraid..."


 "What are you afraid of?" Yan tribe leader stood up: "Chang Shan Yin is from the same generation as me, I’ve heard of him long ago. Chang tribe and Yan tribe are already under young master Liu Wen Wu, we are on the same side. Young master Liu Wen Wu is Chang Shan Yin’s master. Furthermore, this matter is so important, it is no big deal even if we interrupt his Gu refinement. Bring me there."


 "This..." Ge Guang hesitated.


 Yan tribe leader’s expression turned stiff: "Ge tribe leader, do not stall for time. If we are too late and my daughter faces mortal danger, when young master Liu Wen Wu blames you..."


 Ge Guang gritted his teeth, conceding: "Alright, I will bring you there."


 ...


 "Water Demon Hao Ji Liu?" Fang Yuan raised his eyebrows, looking at these Yan tribe Gu Masters.


 "Brother Chang, you have been asleep for twenty years, you might not know this. This Water Demon was a rising star from the younger generation, after receiving a mysterious opportunity, he is already rank four upper stage at thirty-five years old." Yan tribe leader explained.


 Fang Yuan nodded, exclaiming: "Northern plains is huge, there are countless heroes and conquerors! Since Yan tribe is asking with their life on the line, I shall make this trip."


 The expression of Yan tribe’s gang changed.


 What was Chang Shan Yin saying! What ’life on the life’, it sounded like they were very feeble and defenseless.


 "Lord Chang Shan Yin, why are you lauding the spirit of the enemy and belittling that of our own? That Water Demon is scheming, hiding inside crescent lake while holding our big missy hostage, that is why we cannot take him down." An elder was indignant.


 "Lord Chang Shan Yin, your Chang tribe has already submitted to young master Liu Wen Wu. This is your opportunity." Another elder spoke as if he was thinking for Fang Yuan’s benefit.


 Yan tribe leader smiled lightly: "Hehehe, brother Chang, with your help this time, what can a mere Water Demon amount to?"


 Fang Yuan snickered: "By logic or emotion, I should help out. I will battle alongside all of you."


 Yan tribe was overjoyed: "Good, let us set off now."


 ...


 "Yan tribe’s old man, I want ten million primeval stones and that backwater battle Gu, did you bring them?" Water Demon stood at the edge of crescent lake as he looked at the people with caution.


 "Of course I brought it. Where is my daughter?" Yan Tian Ji said, taking out two Gu, one was a rank five storage Gu, the other was backwater battle Gu.


 Backwater battle Gu was a rank five Gu, it could greatly boost the power of water path Gu worms, it was very precious with no market supply.


 Seeing these two Gu, Water Demon’s gaze became heated.


 He had a young appearance, his face was pale as he had broad shoulders and a thin waist, he was handsome and had a carefree disposition. His sideburns were already turning white, giving him a mature aura.


 "Return my daughter and I will pass you what you want. Now I want to see my daughter first." Yan Tian Ji said solemnly.


 Water Demon snorted, snapping his fingers.


 Swoosh!


 In the lake water behind him, waves started moving as a giant fanshell appeared from under the water.


 This fanshell was as big as an elephant, the surface was shiny. As the two sides of the shell opened, a young girl could be seen inside.


 The young girl was tied up tightly, her mouth was gagged. When she saw Yan tribe leader she was so agitated that tears were flowing on her face as she struggled.


 Water Demon snorted: "You’ve seen your daughter, now hand over the Gu. Don’t try anything funny, your daughter is in my hands, if anything happens to her, how will you account to Liu Wen Wu? Hehehe..."


 Damn it!"


 "Despicable scum, fight me fair and square if you have the guts!"


 Yan tribe elders gritted their teeth.


 Yan tribe leader’s expression was calm as water as he tossed two Gu towards Water Demon.


 Water Demon received it carefully, he did not use his hand to grab it, but instead let the two Gu fall onto the ground.


 "You did not do anything fishy to these Gu worms right?" Water Demon squinted, looking at Yan Tian Ji sharply.


 Yan Tian Ji’s expression was livid: "Hmph, go ahead and refine it."


 Water Demon snickered: "Step back by thirty steps."


 Yan tribe’s gang had no choice but to comply.


 Water Demon stared at the Yan tribe Gu Masters, before squatting down and picking up the two Gu worms.


 He first inspected them and found no problems with them. Next, he carefully started refining the backwater battle Gu.


 Backwater battle Gu had Yan Tian Ji’s will, as he cooperated with Water Demon, it allowed him to refine the backwater battle Gu easily.


 Water Demon chuckled: "Very good, Yan Tian Ji, you are very tactful. Next, I will inspect the primeval stones, if the amount of correct, I will return your precious daughter to you. Don’t worry, I do not wish to be enemies with Liu Wen Wu, your daughter is still a virgin, I did not even touch her hands."


 "Hmp!" Yan Tian Ji snorted, not saying a word.


 He willed and aided Water Demon in refining the storage Gu.


 Water Demon’s mind entered the Gu as he saw a large amount of primeval stones, unable to control his joy as it showed on his face.


 But at this time, from among these primeval stones, a Gu flew out and crashed onto him at breakneck speed.


 Rank four — immobilization Gu!


 "Strike!" Yan Tian Ji shouted, and the elders surrounded Water Demon quickly.


 "Oh no!!" Water Demon was grabbing the storage Gu, as he was unable to move, he watched himself get surrounded helplessly.


 "Water Demon, today will be your death date." Fang Yuan rode the hump wolf as he and a large group of wolves emerged from a nearby woodland.



***
Chapter 471: Wolf King, are you crazy?!


***





 Chapter 471: Wolf King, are you crazy?!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Kill!" Yan Tian Ji shouted.


 In an instant, Yan tribe’s Gu Masters starting attacking, using an assortment of moves.


 Water flow, starfire, white bone, firebird, all sorts of attacks were unleashed and targeted Water Demon.


 Bright rainbow color lights soon shone on Water Demon’s face.


 These attacks were eye-catching and dazzling, they were like fireworks in the night sky, beautiful and lethal.


 Water Demon was in a dangerous situation, but he did not dodge or evade, instead he showed a cold smile.


 In his eyes, a piercing eerie light burst out, the light was shining brightly as it stunned a Yan tribe elder in front of Water Demon.


 This Yan tribe elder grimaced as he felt his vision blurring.


 This was Water Demon, activating the rank three sight blow Gu, his gaze had a strong attack and could bypass defensive measures, directly attacking the Gu Master’s soul.


 Yan tribe elder who was attacked took three steps back, trying to regain his composure.


 A mere rank three sight blow Gu could only be used as a surprise attack, it caused little damage to Yan tribe elder, it could not change this dangerous situation around for Water Demon.


 But Water Demon’s lips curled into a cold smile.


 He activated his rank four yellow gold primeval essence, injecting it into one of the Gu in his aperture.


 Rank four — Location Swap Gu!


 Swoosh!


 With a light sound, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu’s body vanished, and reappeared at Yan tribe elder’s location. As an exchange, the Yan tribe elder who was attacked appeared at his original location.


 "Oh no!"


 "Oh no, quickly stop!"


 Yan tribe’s Gu Masters shouted, such a change caught them off guard, they were greatly shocked.


 They wanted to hold back on their attacks, but the attacks were already formed, they could not be stopped.


 That Yan tribe elder was scared out of his wits, he frantically activated his defensive Gu, but this Gu only lasted for half a breath’s time before dying.


 "Academy elder!" Yan tribe leader Yan Tian Ji shouted, seeing his tribesmen dying in front of him, engulfed by the assortment of attacks, beaten to a pulp.


 "Hahaha, great, great. It seems that Yan tribe Gu Masters are all dumb pigs, you actually killed yourselves. Hahaha..." Water Demon Hao Ji Liu laughed as he raised his head, saying in a mocking tone.


 "Water Demon, Yan tribe will be enemies with you for all eternity!"


 "Hao Ji Liu, I will tear your tendons apart to relieve this anger in me."


 "Kill, tear this demon to shreds!"


 Yan tribe Gu Masters shouted angrily, their necks turning red from agitation.


 But even though they shouted loudly, none of them attacked.


 Water Demon had a rank four location swap Gu, this was beyond their expectations.


 Rank four location swap Gu was a unique movement Gu. One had to make contact with the other party in order to swap locations. But the use of the Gu worm not only depended on suitability, but also its compatibility with other Gu worms.


 Water Demon Hao Ji Liu used the rank three sight blow Gu together with the location swap Gu. As long as his gaze attack works, it means he made contact with the other party, and he could use the location swap Gu using this exploit.


 Hao Ji Liu had such a Gu worm, he was not afraid of fighting a crowd. This was why he dared to challenge the entire Yan tribe higher-ups, kidnapping Yan tribe’s big missy Yan Cui Er, and extorting Yan tribe.


 Although there were many Yan tribe Gu Masters, the academy elder just died in front of them, everyone was lost and did not have any confidence at the moment.


 "Water Demon, so what if you have location swap Gu? This Gu causes intense primeval essence expenditure. How many times can you still use it? I’ll tell you, we invited the righteous hero Wolf King Chang Shan Yin who had just returned, you are now surrounded by the wolf group, there is nowhere to run." At the crucial moment, Yan Tian Ji stood up, his words were like a tranquilizer that stabilized the people.


 "Wolf King Chang Shan Yin?" Hao Ji Liu’s gaze concentrated on Fang Yuan who was sitting on his wolf.


 Fang Yuan had a broad shoulder and thin waist, his gaze was sharp and divine. He rode the hump wolf as he was surrounded by wolves, like he was standing at the top of a mountain, although he was silent, he gave Hao Ji Liu a strong sense of pressure.


 "Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, I have heard of your name since I was young. You are not dead?" Water Demon Hao Ji Liu concentrated on guarding against the Yan tribe Gu Masters as he tried probing Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was a little more than three hundred steps away from Water Demon, he observed him from far away with a plain expression.


 Water Demon’s heart shook, although the sight blow Gu had a wide attack range and could attack anyone who could be seen with his eyes, the further the distance, the weaker the attack would be. A distance of three hundred steps was the limit of the sight blow Gu, and it had zero threat once the target was further than three hundred steps away.


 Fang Yuan’s location made Water Demon very uncomfortable.


 This was a very peculiar distance, if Water Demon moved a step out, he could hit Fang Yuan, but it felt like Fang Yuan was trying to trick him into doing so.


 Hao Ji Liu’s heart felt greater pressure: "If this person really is Chang Shan Yin, I cannot use the sight blow Gu to attack him. Sight based attacks compete the souls of both Gu Masters, as an enslavement path Gu Master, his soul is definitely extremely strong."


 "Are you really Chang Shan Yin? What evidence do you have? Hmph, your Yan tribe randomly brought one person to impersonate the Wolf King, do you think I am a fool?" Hao Ji Liu purposely snorted.


 Yan Tian Ji laughed coldly: "Water Demon, you really failed to recognise Mount Tai. Is the Wolf King so easy to impersonate? When we battle later, you will feel the Wolf King’s true power!"


 "Lord Chang Shan Yin, it is up to you."


 "Kill this Water Demon, get rid of a great threat to the people!"


 The other Yan tribe elders shouted, trying to make Fang Yuan fight for them.


 Fang Yuan sat on the wolf back, looking around. When he saw that his wolf group was at their planned location, and encircled this battlefield completely, he knew the time was ripe.


 His lips curled, revealing a cold and callous smile.


 He nodded slightly, the killing intent surging in his eyes: "Indeed, you reminded me, it is time to strike."


 As he said that, the wolves howled as they opened their bloodthirsty mouths, flashing their sharp claws and teeth as they charged relentlessly.


 In an instant, ten thousand wolves attacked and starting killing the Gu Masters.


 The grand army caused everyone’s expressions to change.


 "Chang Shan Yin, what are you doing? How can you attack us?" Yan Tian Ji shouted furiously, while feeling shocked and suspicious.


 "Quickly stop! We are on the same side."


 "Wolf King, are you crazy? You dare to attack us? Our Yan tribe and your Chang tribe had already submitted to young master Liu Wen Wu!"


 The other elders blocked the wolves as they shouted frantically.


 "That is exactly why I am dealing with you all. Go in peace, I will send the Chang tribesmen to accompany you soon enough." Fang Yuan said hatefully, his face distorting into a maniacal expression.


 Soon after, he shouted: "Hmph, I swore long ago, I will take revenge for what happened back then one by one!"


 "Back then, when Chang Shan Yin fought Ha Tu Gu and the bandits alone, Chang tribe did not send a single person to help him, there were hidden reasons after all!" Water Demon Hao Ji Liu felt his heart jump as he thought of something.


 He did not expect such a huge change, he dodged the wolves’ attacks as he shouted anxiously: "Wolf King, I do not wish to be your enemy. The enemy of an enemy is a friend right?"


 Fang Yuan gave him a cold glance, saying lightly: "Look at you jumping all over the place, you are simply like a flea, just die together with them."



***
Chapter 472: Power of the Enslavement Path!


***





 Chapter 472: Power of the Enslavement Path!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "What?" Water Demon Hao Ji Liu was furious.


 Ever since he started travelling the world, no one had dared to make such remarks about him or showed such contempt.


 "Wolf King, you are too arrogant! Today, I shall make you pay the price for it!!" Water Demon Hao Ji Liu roared furiously and pushed forward with his palms.


 Rank four — waterfall Gu!


 His primeval essence poured crazily into the Gu, causing water vapor to fill the air, then with a rumbling sound, an enormous water stream appeared out of nowhere.


 The water stream was incomparably fast, just like a waterfall crashing down from a high altitude.


 The light silver rapid stream brought with it an intense chilly might as it fiercely struck the wolf group.


 In an instant, over a thousand wolves died or were injured. The rapid stream spread far away, thoroughly clearing the area around Hao Ji Liu.


 At the same time, Yan tribe’s Gu Masters jointly activated a Gu worm.


 This was a rank five wind barrier Gu; and when activated, it formed an enormous wind. The wind was silky, and brought with it some green threads as it surrounded everyone.


 The wolf group’s assault was all blocked by the formless wind. The wild Gu on many wolf kings attacked the wind barrier, but it was like a pebble falling into a sea as the attacks vanished without trace.


 "How can this be?" On crescent lake, Yan Cui Er who was taken as a hostage looked at the intense battle on the lakeside with a dumbfounded look.


 She had never expected the situation would develop in such a way. She, who had been the main reason of the fight previously, was now a spectator instead.


 Hump wolves retreated, pulling distance from Fang Yuan and Water Demon Hao Ji Liu.


 "Idiots." Fang Yuan sneered as he looked at Water Demon Hao Ji Liu charging over, approaching closer, and Yan tribesmen who were in a defensive formation.


 Water Demon Hao Ji Liu and Yan tribe leader Yan Tian Ji were two rank four Gu Masters. Moreover, there were also Yan tribe’s higher-ups; a dozen or so rank three Gu Masters, their strength could be said to be truly formidable.


 However, an enslavement path Gu Master’s strength was the ability to fight an army alone!


 Back then, Chang Shan Yin led his wolf group and battled higher realm experts, not only killing rank five Gu Master Ha Tu Gu, but even exterminating Ha Tu Gu’s group of valiant generals.


 How?


 Because he was an enslavement path Gu Master.


 At present, the wolf group with Fang Yuan had already taken shape to form a decent size. The wolf group’s scale had reached thirty thousand and above; not only did it contain hundred wolf kings and some thousand wolf kings, there was also a night wolf myriad beast king and a young mutated beast white-eyes wolf.


 This scale might not even be half the size of the wolf group Chang Shan Yin had at his peak period, but it was already enough to annihilate two to three Ge tribes!


 And right now, Fang Yuan only had to deal with just twenty or so Gu Masters, it was like using an ox cleaver to kill a chicken.


 Sure enough, after some time, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu was gasping and his momentum gradually stopped.


 He felt exhausted!


 "Damn it! Such troublesome wolf manipulation skills, there are only some hundred wolf kings and thousand wolf kings..." Water Demon Hao Ji Liu’s gaze towards Fang Yuan had already changed right now.


 It was not that he had not fought enslavement path Gu Masters, but how could those enslavement path Gu Masters he had fought before compare to Fang Yuan?


 "Is this the Wolf King’s wolf manipulation skills... being in it is like falling into a deep swamp, you sink deeper and deeper!" Water Demon Hao Ji Liu’s heart turned cold as he kept on warding off the wolf group’s assault.


 He divided a bit of concentration to look into his aperture and grumbled.


 That intense charge and the activation of many powerful abilities to clear the path had caused his primeval essence to be expended intensely, now there was less than half his total primeval essence left.


 Once the primeval essence was at the point of exhaustion, a Gu Master’s battle strength would start plummeting to the abyss.


 Hao Ji Liu had no choice but to exercise restraint once he considered this to be a long battle. Like this, his momentum thoroughly disappeared and he was firmly surrounded by the wolf group.


 "Water Demon Hao Ji Liu, a rank four Gu Master who uses water path Gu worms, has great offense and is an expert at fighting one against many. He roamed all over northern plains since his early years and has committed many crimes, gaining a bad reputation... After capturing Yan Cui Er and successfully extorting Yan tribe, he then went on to participate in the heroes assembly, offering Yan Cui Er to Hei Lou Lan. Hei Lou Lan was joyous and gave him great status. After entering Wang Ting blessed land and making great merits, Hao Ji Liu became Hei Lou Lan’s number three general."


 Fang Yuan recalled the relevant memories, his gaze flickering faintly.


 In his past life, this Hao Ji Liu was also able to make a name for himself and after living actively for eighty-nine years, he was killed by Chang Shan Yin.


 "Great offense usually means a huge consumption of primeval essence. Hao Ji Liu is nothing to worry about anymore, and right now, he should be secretly making an escape path for himself. He is good at escaping in water, it will not be easy to make him stay today. After all, there are not many water wolves with me. But my main target is not him, but Yan tribe’s Gu Masters."


 Fang Yuan turned his gaze towards the Yan tribesmen.


 Yan tribe’s Gu Masters were experts in defense and were famous for it in northern plains. These Gu Masters sure enough defended extremely well, their rank five wind barrier Gu was simply like a tortoise shell, firmly protecting everyone within it.


 "Hmph, these Yan tribesmen are really naive, they still have the intention to protect their energy and watch from the sidelines when they are trapped. No wonder, history said Yan Tian Ji was extremely conservative, lacking initiative. Even though they want to stall for time, this is also exactly what I want." Fang Yuan sneered inwardly and intentionally slowed down the wolf group’s offense.


 As time passed, Hao Ji Liu and the Yan tribesmen’s primeval essence were also being depleted.


 Suddenly, a large group of shadows emerged from the woods.


 "Lord Chang Shan Yin, we have arrived!" Ge tribe’s current tribe leader Ge Guang arrived with Ge tribe’s Gu Masters behind him.


 "You came quite fast." Fang Yuan indifferently glanced at him with a profound meaning.


 Ge Guang seemed to be pierced by the profound light in Fang Yuan’s eyes as he unconsciously lowered his head and thought with reverence: ’ This is the true heroic nature of the Wolf King, I didn’t think I would see it today!’


 "Yes, after receiving lord’s letter, we immediately hurried over. People need to repay favors; lord, you have helped our Ge tribe time and again, lord’s hatred is our Ge tribe’s hatred too." Ge Guang immediately answered.


 It would not have been good for Fang Yuan to make a move at Ge tribe camp, thus, he agreed to Yan tribe on the surface. After gathering all the wolves, he used a Gu worm to send a letter when they were halfway to the lake.


 When Ge Guang received the letter and read it, his face was immediately filled with shock and horror.


 "Lord Chang Shan Yin wants to attack the whole Yan tribe?" He could not help but cry out on the spot.


 Stabilizing his emotions, he continued reading and saw Fang Yuan’s reason for it.


 It turned out that back then, Chang Shan Yin’s mother had been secretly poisoned and Chang Shan Yin entered deep into poison grassland to search for the Gu worm that could detoxify the poison. On his way, he was ambushed by Ha Tu Gu and his group of experts. The whole matter was a sinister plot, it was due to internal conflict in Chang tribe and a move to suppress Chang Shan Yin.


 In Fang Yuan’s past life, after Chang Shan Yin was saved by Ma Hong Yun, he did not return to his tribe but instead joined Ma Hong Yun; it was also because of this reason. Later, after Chang Shan Yin helped Ma Hong Yun ascend to the position of Lord of the Imperial Court, he targeted Chang tribe, getting rid of all the Chang tribe higher-ups. He then became Chang tribe leader and took revenge for what happened back then.


 Now, Fang Yuan was using this reason to deal with Yan tribe and persuade Ge Guang.


 Ge tribe originally had ties of friendship with Chang tribe. When old Ge tribe leader had first met Fang Yuan, he had said that his second daughter was married in Chang tribe.


 But after Ge Guang read the letter, he immediately made a decision to stand with Fang Yuan.


 "Ge Guang, you have matured, Ge tribe will prosper under your rule." Fang Yuan lightly commented while sitting on a wolf, then waved his hand, "You don’t need to move in this battle. It will be enough for you guys to make a tight encirclement. Remember that every Yan tribe elder that we block means a higher chance of success when we attack Yan tribe camp."


 "Yes, junior shall listen to Wolf King’s instruction!" Ge Guang agreed and brought the group of Gu Masters to outside the battlefield, forming an encirclement formation.


 Seeing Ge tribe Gu Masters coming over to reinforce Fang Yuan, Yan tribe Gu Masters were shocked and furious.


 "Ge Guang, you despicable, shameless scoundrel!" A Yan tribe elder shouted furiously.


 "Ge tribe, you have made a wrong decision. Making our Yan tribe your enemy means you are going against young master Liu Wen Wu. None of you will have a good end!" Another elder cursed.


 Ge Guang sneered, his heart filled with disdain.


 Bringing out Liu tribe’s name when their death was imminent, was there any use?


 "We cannot wait any longer, we need to charge and break through!" Yan tribe elders realized the severity of the situation as they shouted with ashen expressions.


 "Go!"


 Yan tribesmen charged together, attempting to carve out a blood path.


 Pill fire Gu, gold silkworm Gu, frost breath Gu, snowball Gu, tornado Gu, thunderclap Gu, fire claw Gu and other Gu were activated one after another. Fire and snow continually shot out, golden silkworm turned into a light ray and charged, blue frost breath was breathed out, tornado caused havoc, thunder rumbled in all directions, flames formed into claws and attacked...


 Under this fierce assault from Yan tribe’s Gu Masters, Fang Yuan’s wolf group suffered heavy injuries, but they moved forward unceasingly, coming waves after waves disregarding their death.


 "These Gu Masters might be experts among mortals, formed from rank three and rank four, but so what?" Fang Yuan maneuvered the wolf group while sitting on a wolf.


 He had wolfman soul which made it a lot easier for him to maneuver these wolf group than when he had hundred man soul. It was as smooth as a wolf king personally commandeering them.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change at the sight of the wolves dying like flies, he remained aloof and indifferent.


 These wolves were only ordinary wild beasts, if they died, then so be it, there was no heartache over it.


 Instead, using them as cannon fodder to wear down these Gu Masters’ primeval essence would be a great beneficial deal.


 The weakness of these Yan tribe Gu Masters was their low numbers. Although they were experts, they lacked subordinates to share the pressure of the battlefield.


 The battle was already in Fang Yuan’s control and was moving in his intended direction; they simply did not have time to calm down and recover their primeval essence.


 "Terrifying, there is actually such a fearsome wolf manipulation skill in this world!" A Yan tribe’s elder said with ashen face.


 "Could it be that we are going to die like this?" The aura of death was already pouncing upon them.


 "Chang Shan Yin, by killing us, are you not afraid young master Liu Wen Wu would take revenge?!" An elder was hoping to pressure Fang Yuan.


 "Charge, don’t stop!" Yan Tian Ji shouted, his voice had already become hoarse and his primeval essence was less than half of his total amount.



***
Chapter 473: Righteous Path Hero


***





 Chapter 473: Righteous Path Hero


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "It is time." Fang Yuan willed, as the night wolf myriad beast king brought over a dozen night wolf thousand beast kings and entered the battle, blocking the Yan tribe Gu Masters.


 Under the wolf group’s attacks, Yan tribe suffered their first death.


 Wolf howl Gu!


 Fang Yuan howled at the sky, crying like a wolf as his voice spread far and wide, increasing the wolf group’s battle strength.


 Wolf smoke Gu!


 Immediately after, he emitted dense smoke that engulfed the battlefield, healing the wolves’ injuries.


 Yan tribe were shocked.


 Water Demon Hao Ji Liu’s face became pale and white.


 Earlier, Fang Yuan merely dispatched his wolves, now that he joined in, he turned to advantage into a victory.


 Tens of hateful, frightened, furious, and icy gazes shot towards Fang Yuan. Under everyone’s stare, Fang Yuan smiled lightly as he moved backwards with the hump wolf, pulling some distance from Yan tribe’s gang.


 To prevent the ’beheading the leader’ tactic, Fang Yuan had many wolves around him, he even had a white-eyes wolf, although it had not matured yet, it still surpassed ordinary hundred wolf kings in terms of battle strength.


 Seeing Fang Yuan’s movement, the trapped Gu masters felt their hearts sinking as their spirits dampened, they had a feeling of being captured by a demon, and had no way to escape.


 TIme continued to pass, Yan tribe Gu Masters seemed to have fallen into a swamp as they sank deeper as they struggled.


 Fang Yuan had used cannon fodder wolves earlier to expend their primeval essence, the effect was starting to show.


 Yan tribe elders died in battle one by one, as a sad and angry atmosphere took over the battlefield.


 "Chang Shan Yin, I will not let you off even as a ghost!" An elder screamed, cursing before his death.


 But this curse only made Fang Yuan scoff coldly in his heart: "You have no chance to be a ghost, your soul will become fertilizer for Dang Hun mountain."


 "Wolf King, fight me alone if you dare!" Yan tribe’s battle hall elder screamed.


 "Come, you coward, you chicken!" He tried to provoke Fang Yuan, using the last drop of his primeval essence to charge at Fang Yuan for the final time.


 Fang Yuan looked at him expressionlessly, as he willed, the wolves charged over like a wave and ripped the battle hall elder to shreds even before he got near.


 As the wolves dispersed, his broken corpse remained on the ground. His bones were showing as blood poured out, his furious eyes were staring wide towards the air.


 "Battle hall elder..." Yan Tian Ji growled, his body was trembling. With the sacrifice of each elder, an intense pain assaulted his heart every time, he was turning numb from the anguish.


 "Chang Shan Yin, you will die a painful death! In spite of being a righteous hero, you actually assaulted your comrades! You will not have a good ending, young master Liu Wen Wu will take revenge for us!!" Yan Tian Ji’s face was full of hatred, his expression twisting into an ugly sight. If it was possible, he would love to eat Fang Yuan’s flesh and drink his blood.


 "Hmph, the curses of a loser is just like the whimpering of a dog before death. Entrusting your hopes of revenge to others, that is a weakling’s mentality." Fang Yuan evaluated coldly before waving his hand, as the night wolf myriad beast king burst out like a dark lightning, sending Yan Tian Ji flying.


 Yan Tian Ji’s primeval essence was expended, after this blow, almost all his bones were broken.


 He was like a kite with its strings cut, flying far away and drawing an arc of red blood in the air. When he landed, his entire body was smashed as he no longer breathed.


 "Lord!" Ge Guang led a band of elders as he hurried over.


 "Wolf King is mighty! After this battle, Yan tribe’s higher-ups were all exterminated, there was only one rank three elder left in Yan tribe camp. The letter Gu that Yan Tian Ji sent out was obstructed by us, Yan tribe has no idea what just happened now. It is a good time to assault them." Ge tribe’s battle hall elder shouted.


 "It is a pity that Water Demon Hao Ji Liu escaped, Lord Wolf King, do you think we should chase after Water Demon or take down Yan tribe camp?" Ge Guang asked.


 Fang Yuan smiled indifferently: "Of course we attack Yan tribe camp."


 A clam Gu spun its body as it dived in crescent lake rapidly.


 Swoosh!


 The clam drilled out of the water surface as its shells opened, shoot out two people who were inside.


 They were a male and a female, the male was Water Demon Hao Ji Liu, and the female was Yan tribe’s big missy Yan Cui Er.


 "Huff huff huff... " Hao Ji Liu’s breathed roughly as he looked behind with lingering fear. He only relaxed after seeing there was no one chasing him.


 This was a floating island on crescent lake, when Hao Ji Liu was scouting the area, he chose this as his third route to escape.


 "Wolf King Chang Shan Yin..." Hao Ji Liu muttered this name in his heart. Hatred, anguish, fear, and shock were flashing in his eyes as he showed a complex expression.


 Until now, he had never faced such a huge loss.


 With rank four upper stage cultivation, he could roam northern plains freely. But today, he met Fang Yuan and felt an unprecedented weakness, helplessness, and loneliness.


 "This is the strength of an enslavement path Gu Master? This is not even his peak condition. Back then, Chang Shan Yin could kill Ha Tu Gu who was a realm higher than him, and exterminate the entire group of bandits, how great was his strength back then?"


 Hao Ji Liu thought about this as he felt difficulty in breathing.


 Fang Yuan’s wolf manipulation skills made him think of Jiang Bao Ya, Yang Po Ying and Ma Zun.


 "It seems that among the first-rate enslavement masters in northern plains, they would no longer be just three people, but it would be a contest among four. Luckily, he did not have many water wolves with him, otherwise I would be dead meat today."


 Thinking of the dangerous scene when he escaped for his life, Hao Ji Liu felt a great fear.


 "But why do I have the feeling that Chang Shan Yin purposely gave me a way out?" Hao Ji Liu was a vigilant person, when he recalled the scene, he felt a sense of suspicion.


 "A pity that Yan tribe’s higher-ups were all killed by Chang Shan Yin, I can no longer extort them. But forget about that, I have already obtained backwater battle Gu, this trip was a success. Now, I should follow my original plan and escort this Yan tribe missy to young master Hei Lou Lan, as a gift." Thinking so, Hao Ji Liu’s eyes shone with brilliance.


 The ten year blizzard of northern plains, it was a huge challenge even for lone travelling demonic Gu Masters.


 But with the lack of resources, Hao Ji Liu wanted to use the heroes assembly to join a certain force. If he was lucky enough to enter the imperial court, not only will Hao Ji Liu keep his life, his cultivation would even go a step further.


 There were a few favourite candidates in this contest to be the lord of the imperial court.


 Hao Ji Liu thought about it and decided to bet on the most popular person — young master Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan’s lecherous nature was known to all. If Hao Ji Liu gave Yan Cui Er to him, he would be handsomely rewarded. Yan Cui Er was not only beautiful like a flower, she also had a special identity, the fiancée of young master Liu Wen Wu.


 And Liu Wen Wu was one of Hei Lou Lan’s fiercest competitors in this contest for the imperial court.


 Making your arch-enemy’s fiancee part of your harem, this was an irresistible temptation to Hei Lou Lan.


 "If Yan tribe was still around, this gift would be extremely importantly. Unfortunately, after Wolf King killed Yan tribe’s higher-ups, he would definitely deal with Yan tribe." Thinking of this, Hao Ji Liu gave a mocking gaze at the dazed Yan Cui Er, whistling.


 He made fun of her: "Little beauty, you have to thank me. If I did not save you, you would’ve died in the hands of Chang Shan Yin."


 Yan Cui Er’s thick brows moved as she seemed to have woken up from a nightmare: "What do you mean?"


 "Hmph, what meaning is there? Chang Shan Yin killed your father and all the elders with him. He will definitely take over Yan tribe, the wolf group must be on their way to Yan tribe camp already. Hehehe, you were a young missy, but now, you’re going to be alone soon."


 "No, no way!" Yan Cui Er shook her head, her expression was pale. She tried her best to deny it, but her logic told her that Hao Ji Liu’s conjecture was accurate.


 "Chang Shan Yin is a great righteous hero, how could he do something like this?" She refused to face such a cruel reality, her tears fell like pearls as they flowed down her cheeks, onto the ground. The crying of a beauty, the weeping of a lady, it was a painful scene.


 "Righteous hero?" Hao Ji Liu sneered: "Sometimes, righteous heroes are more terrifying than us demonic path cultivators. I only kidnapped you and extorted your tribe, but when Chang Shan Yin strikes, he would destroy and devour your tribe. The worst thing is, he has a proper reason to do so, claiming he is taking revenge, he is the ultimate victor. Once Yan tribe is gone, who can rebuke him? Hmph, this is the truth of this dogshit world!"


 Yan Cui Er was in shock as she listened, suddenly she kneeled on the ground as she grabbed Hao Ji Liu’s pants, begging: "Please, please save my Yan tribe. My father’s letter Gu were all blocked, Yan tribe is without a leader now, and have no clue what is coming, they don’t know the danger waiting for them."


 The world was wondrous and cruel, Yan Cui Er had never thought that one day, she would kneel down on the ground and beg the enemy she had hated the most.


 "My father is dead, I am Yan tribe’s next leader. Hao Ji Liu, help me, send a letter for me and inform them. As long as Yan tribe remains, I am Yan tribe leader, I can decide on this and make you Yan tribe’s external elder, all of our resources will be yours to use!" Yan Cui Er gave her side of the deal.


 The words made Water Demon Hao Ji Liu’s heart jump, external elder? Yan tribe’s resources?


 It was a good suggestion!


 But when Fang Yuan’s figure appeared in Hao Ji Liu’s mind, he shuddered.


 "Hmph, you dare to tempt me?" His expression changed as he gave Yan Cui Er a tight slap.


 Yan Cui Er grabbed her face as her tears fell, completely stunned by this as she looked at Hao Ji Liu blankly.


 "Don’t worry, I have already found a good partner for you. Hehehe..." Hao Ji Liu laughed as he grabbed Yan Cui Er, tossing her into the clam Gu.


 The large clam’s shells closed, as Hao Ji Liu stepped on the water surface, giving the shore one last look.


 At Yan tribe camp’s position, there were huge fires as smoke rose into the air.


 "Yan tribe is finished!" Hao Ji Liu was gloating but he also felt a chill in his heart.


 This world worked on the survival of the fittest, there is one mountain higher than a mountain, and a person stronger than another person. Yan tribe was a huge force to him, but to Chang Shan Yin, it was just a plump juicy meat.


 "In the following competition for the imperial court, northern plains will definitely be shook as heroes and conquerors arise, I wonder how many people will lose their lives?"


 Hao Ji Liu sighed and exclaimed as he travelled west on the large clam.



***
Chapter 474: Surrender


***





 Chapter 474: Surrender


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the fire of war that spread everywhere, the wolf group surged forward with craze.


 The attack on Yan tribe camp had already lasted for four hours. Yan tribe’s Gu Masters were experts at defense, but because of the successful ambush and there being no leader, the Yan tribe camp was already ruined beyond recognition by now. There were broken walls everywhere along with human and wolf corpses.


 "Brothers, hold on, we need to hold on!" In the center of the camp, the remaining forces of Yan tribe stubbornly resisted.


 However, the wolf group surged forward with no end, and the whole defense line was already on the verge of collapse.


 "Kill, kill these invaders!"


 "Despicable Ge tribe, I curse your entire clan to perish!!"


 Besides these curses, there were also the weeping of the old and feeble, the women and the children.


 Seeing their family and friends behind them, the already exhausted Yan tribesmen squeezed out every bit of strength they could muster.


 In their hearts, a thought kept them going, telling them to hold up their defense, that they must defend! Behind them were their wives, children and their parents. If they could not resist, then all their relatives would end up in the wolves’ mouths!


 Suddenly, a thousand wolf king broke through the battle line and charged into the depths of the formation.


 "Nooo!"


 "Careful!"


 "Get away!"


 The Gu Masters at the frontline roared with fury in their eyes, but it was already too late for them to rescue anyone; they could only stare as the thousand wolf king opened its bloody mouth and started slaughtering the old, feeble, women and children.


 "Bastard, you are looking for death!" At this time, a seriously injured Gu Master who was lying on the ground with just one hand and one leg remaining, jumped up with a strength that god knew where it came from and threw himself into the wolf’s mouth.


 The thousand wolf king bit his waist and almost severed him into two.


 The Gu Master foamed from his mouth, and gave a desperate yet satisfied smile.


 He fiercely clenched the wolf’s head and roared: "Evil beast, die with me."


 With that, he self-destructed; blood splashed everywhere and the thousand beast king also died with him.


 The encircling Ge tribesmen all saw this scene; someone sighed: "Yan tribe’s sons are so brave!"


 Fang Yuan lightly nodded.


 Although Yan tribe did not show initiative, they were experts at defense and were extremely united. In this invasion, the number of wolves that died were truly beyond his original estimation.


 However, Fang Yuan did not feel any pain and snorted: "What is the use even if they were to be more brave? Those defeated usually have no hope of reprieve; this is the cruelty of the struggle for Imperial Court. Okay, this is enough, go ask them to surrender."


 These words caused the Ge tribe’s Gu Masters to feel a chill: If they were ever to be defeated, their tribe would be at the same state as the Yan tribe before them.


 However, when their gaze landed on Fang Yuan, their heart relaxed: With the Wolf King beside us, our Ge tribe has a great tree to lean on. We still need to rely on the Wolf King to lead us.


 The intense and fierce battlefield gradually quietened.


 The wolf group stopped their offence and slowly retreated, opening up a path. A Ge tribe elder moved through the path and appeared before Yan tribesmen.


 "Yan tribesmen, surrender." The Ge tribe elder shouted loudly, "Northern plains elites are those who can adapt to circumstances!"


 "Bullshit! I shall never surrender to you shameless sneak attackers!"


 "Come, just cut my head off."


 "Yan tribe’s descendants would rather die than surrender!"


 Some Gu Masters roared furiously, but there were also some whose gaze loosened and showed hesitation.


 The Ge tribe elder sneered: "If you don’t surrender, we won’t lose anything in killing you all. But shouldn’t you consider your wives and children behind you? They will die a cruel death just because of your stubborn resistance. You will be the ones who harmed them."


 These words caused the Yan tribe’s remnant forces to quieten.


 The chilly wind blew across everyone’s faces. Those Yan tribe’s Gu Masters who had been roaring furiously had a sluggish expression now. They looked back and their expressions turned soft.


 Only the Yan tribe elder felt extreme hatred towards Ge tribe’s psychological tactics when he sensed everyone’s fighting spirit crumbling. However, this discontent, when it reached his mouth, turned into a sigh.


 Under everyone’s gazes, he walked forward and said forcibly: "Our Yan tribe... surrenders!"


 "Lord!"


 "Lord elder..."


 Yan tribe’s Gu Masters shouted one after another; some couldn’t believe it, some weeped with grief and some felt relieved.


 At the same time, Ge tribe’s Gu Masters also rejoiced.


 "Victory, victory!"


 "The situation is set, we have annexed Yan tribe!"


 They were both at the same place, but their situation was as different as cloud was from mud.


 "Gather the troops and clean up the battlefield." Ge Guang also had a joy he could hardly contain on his face. Considering their strength, Ge tribe was below Yan tribe, but they were able to swallow this big force in one move!


 "As long as we digest these war spoils, our Ge tribe’s strength will increase by three times, even surpassing the strength we had back at Hong Yan valley. This is all thanks to lord Chang Shan Yin!" Ge Guang could not help looking at Fang Yuan when he thought of this.


 Truthfully, Ge Guang had hesitated when he received Fang Yuan’s letter.


 But this hesitation was only for an instant before it turned into resolution. The fact had proved his choice was a correct one.


 "If I had refused the Wolf King back then, I’m afraid our Ge tribe would have had the same ending as the Yan tribe." Ge Guang’s reverence towards Fang Yuan deepened by another level.


 Fang Yuan sized up the whole Yan tribe camp from above the hump wolf.


 There were broken debris everywhere; fire still lingered, corpses littered the place and blood dyed the ground red.


 All the Yan tribesmen who were hiding were searched and arrested. Yan tribe’s Gu Masters were tied with manacles and leg-irons, their Gu worms seized and their primeval essence locked as they were taken as captives and were strictly watched.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil, he had seen such situations many times. In the great battle of five regions in his previous life, the situation had been much more bitter and terrifying than this.


 "Yan tribe is annihilated, next is the heroes assembly. Before this, I need to return to Hu Immortal blessed land. I also need to go to Lang Ya blessed land once, if my luck is good...."


 Three days later, it was a night where many stars filled the sky.


 Fang Yuan led the wolf group and came upon a remote area. He first used moving perspective cup Gu to communicate with Little Hu Immortal, then used stargate Gu to return back to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 This time, thousands of wolves entered with him.


 These wolves were either injured or old with weak battle strength.


 Ordinary enslavement path Gu Masters’ only choice, in this case, would be to sacrifice them as cannon fodder in battle to stop them from consuming more rations. However, Fang Yuan possessed a blessed land and thus had a better option.


 That was to breed them.


 "These wild wolves can reproduce at the blessed land and several months later, they should be able to give birth to wolf cubs." Fang Yuan moved this wolf group to the western part of the blessed land.


 In this world, the wild beasts’ ability to reproduce were very strong; adding on to the Hu Immortal blessed land’s six times faster time flow than northern plains, Fang Yuan’s troops would from now on be self-replenished.


 With this, Hu Immortal blessed land’s western part became the wolf group’s farming land; the northern part was almost completely cut off by Fang Yuan; eastern part was covered with dark clouds along with tens of lakes which filled the air with moisture; and the southern part was the stonemen’s homeland.


 In the center was Dang Hun mountain which was gradually dying after being struck by gruel mud Gu.


 "Master, master, I have already settled down the starlight worms according to your instructions. Come take a look." Little Hu Immortal was extremely happy at seeing Fang Yuan again, and dragged Fang Yuan to the eastern part of the blessed land.


 "Master, look up!" Little Hu Immortal said with a delicate voice.


 Fang Yuan looked up at the sky, and saw a large expanse of light blue color clouds.


 Threads of starlight shone down like a dreamy gauze and shook gently with the breeze. The scene was very beautiful as if it was carved out of a painting.


 Fang Yuan looked carefully and discovered these clouds were not originally blue color, but rather a large number of star fragment grass were planted on them. Star fragment grass were deep blue in color, and starlight fireflies fluttered among the grass, shining with spects of light. Moreover among the starlight fireflies were starlight firefly Gu that blossomed with true starlight radiance.


 "Not bad." Fang Yuan evaluated.


 Little Hu Immortal immediately squinted her eyes in happiness, rubbing her small head against Fang Yuan’s hand and said with her delicate voice: "Master, pat me."


 Fang Yuan lightly smiled and rubbed Little Hu Immortal’s head.


 Little Hu Immortal’s long snowy tail immediately curled, the two furry ears on her head also lowered gently and her face reddened in happiness.


 Fang Yuan had bought many star fragment grass from treasure yellow heaven. However the grass was extremely peculiar and could not be planted on any mortal soil, only on clouds.


 When they had transacted, Fairy Yao Guang had suggested Fang Yuan to buy cloud soil to raise star fragment grass. But Fang Yuan did not take her suggestion because there were enormous scale of dark clouds in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 These dark clouds were created from the water and fire collision, when Fang Yuan eradicated the earthly calamities’ effects.


 The dark clouds did not dissipate and covered the eastern part of Hu Immortal blessed land, and was a problem that was neither big nor small. It had been obstructing light for a long time and was affecting the whole eastern part’s ecology.


 However, now, Fang Yuan used it to plant star fragment grass and turned this calamity into fortune. Not only was it making use of trash, but it also saved Fang Yuan a lot of expenses in buying large amounts of cloud soil.


 At present, large plots of star fragment grass were already growing on the dark clouds. The starlight firefly worms lived among them, filling the whole eastern land with beautiful starlight.


 "As long as I properly cultivate these star fragment grass, there will be guarantee in the reproduction of the starlight firefly worms. In future, there will be much more starlight firefly Gu to use. If the cultivation raises to an optimum level and there is a surplus of starlight firefly Gu, I can put them at treasure yellow heaven to sell. In the battle of five great regions, starlight firefly worms will be one of the Gu worms with most demand."


 Fang Yuan slightly looked forward to the beautiful future, before returning to Dang Hun mountain with Little Hu Immortal.


 Standing at the peak of the mountain, he grabbed the soul burial toad Gu.


 When he besieged Yan tribe’s higher-ups and during the whole process of attacking Yan tribe camp, he had been using the soul burial toad to collect the souls on the battlefield.


 He released all the souls from the soul burial toad.


 These pitiful souls had just exited when they were shaken up by the mystical power of Dang Hun mountain, and were turned into the purest nutrient, nourishing the whole Dang Hun mountain.


 "Tomorrow, Dang Hun mountain will again be filled with guts Gu." Fang Yuan nodded his head with satisfaction.


 Gathering large numbers of souls was one of the reasons why he killed Yan tribe.


 "Tonight, it is time for me to breakthrough to rank five." Fang Yuan’s cultivation did not receive any suppression when he got back to Hu Immortal blessed land, he was at true rank four peak stage.


 He had already stayed at rank four peak stage for a long time. And with his current A grade aptitude, it was time to challenge the boundaries of rank five realm!



***
Chapter 475: Soaring Cultivation


***





 Chapter 475: Soaring Cultivation


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Rumble...


 The ninety percent primeval sea in the aperture surged with high waves, and true gold primeval essence shone brightly on the aperture walls.


 The aperture walls were also extraordinary; sparkling and clear like crystals, containing life force in them. This was the crystal membrane of rank four peak stage realm.


 Waves continually surged, reaching towards the sky. Then, they crashed towards the crystal membrane wave after waves.


 At first, the crystal membrane was like the reef of a sea, being unmovable. But it gradually became unable to endure the fierce waves and cracks started appearing.


 As time passed, bigger cracks appeared.


 The primeval sea slowly reduced, while the crystal membrane was full of cracks and appeared extremely fragile. However, there was still a little distance left from breakthrough.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on the bed with both his eyes closed, and almost all his attention was on the aperture.


 He possessed ninety percent aptitude which was classified as A grade, and also had very deep accumulation; he could breakthrough to rank five realm just by relying on his own strength.


 Right now, there was about twenty percent left of the primeval sea; the sea waves had also weakened and was getting to the point of being tranquil.


 But suddenly, as if it was accumulating its strength, a huge wave erupted out of the true gold primeval sea.


 This wave was fierce and majestic, surpassing any of the waves from before; it was like a tsunami, soaring up and then fiercely smashing towards the aperture walls.


 Boom!


 A soft sound echoed, and the aperture walls were finally unable to bear the pressure. They were smashed into pieces by this enormous wave.


 The shattered fragments of the crystal aperture walls were like a broken ice mountain, and as they fell into the sea they turned into pure essence before slowly melting down.


 After a while, the fragments on the crystal walls had all fallen down, leaving behind a light membrane that covered everything.


 The light membrane was dazzling with very powerful aura, far surpassing the rank four peak stage crystal wall; this was the appearance of a true rank five initial stage!


 Following it, a trace of light purple primeval essence appeared in the depths of the sea.


 Rank one Gu Masters had green copper primeval essence; rank two had red iron primeval essence; rank three had white silver primeval essence; rank four had yellow gold primeval essence; and rank five was purple crystal primeval essence.


 Although it was only a thread of light purple, it was a qualitative difference.


 From now on, Fang Yuan’s primeval essence would be light purple primeval essence!


 "Since my rebirth, I have wandered around everywhere, drifting miserably. Yet now I am finally a rank five Gu Master." Inside Dang Hun palace, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes and sighed with joy.


 Rank five Gu Masters were the lords in this mortal world, the true peak stage. Those who could cultivate to this stage were not even one in ten thousand.


 If it were others, they might have already become wild with joy. However, Fang Yuan had already experienced this in his previous life. Right now, rather than ecstasy, what he felt was joy towards his future prospects.


 "Compared to my previous life, being able to enter rank five at such a young age is truly a success."


 Fang Yuan was only thirty and so at present; cultivating to rank five at this age was a performance that would only be seen in the absolute top geniuses of the five great regions.


 "But rank five is not my end point; it is only a starting point. Next, I need to once again advance to Gu Immortal!"


 Those genius Gu Masters would feel some hesitation when they talked about charging to Gu Immortal realm. However, Fang Yuan had his previous life’s experiences, thus he had plenty of confidence in advancing to Gu Immortal realm.


 "After becoming a Gu Immortal, the deadly crisis from Spring Autumn Cicada can be completely resolved."


 Fang Yuan looked at Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Since this rebirth, Spring Autumn Cicada had fallen into deep hibernation, continually absorbing the water from river of time and recuperating.


 Right now, it had already mostly recovered and a faint pressure was filling Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 For a long time now, Spring Autumn Cicada was like a guillotine hovering above Fang Yuan’s neck. As time passed, this enormous guillotine would move closer towards his neck.


 Spring Autumn Cicada gave Fang Yuan an enormous death threat, forcing him to risk dangers and do everything he could to advance his cultivation.


 Only by reaching the rank six Gu Immortal realm, could Fang Yuan’s aperture be able to store Spring Autumn Cicada.


 At that time, Fang Yuan would have more freedom and leisure, and not be so repressed like now.


 Light purple primeval essence continually appeared in the aperture, settling down below the remaining gold primeval essence.


 Fang Yuan gathered his concentration and slowly stood up, walking out of this secret room and into another room.


 There were several large vats in this room.


 There was green liquid in the vats and a purple crystal relic Gu was floating on each liquid.


 There were six purple crystal relic Gu. Most of them had been purchased by Fang Yuan or Little Hu Immortal from treasure yellow heaven.


 Purple crystal relic Gu could raise a rank five Gu Master’s cultivation! Fang Yuan had paid a considerable price for them.


 Fang Yuan only required three purple crystal relic Gu to raise his cultivation to the peak stage. But right now, he looked at the vats with various liquids.


 One vat had muddy green liquid; another had a mixture of green and yellow; and the purple crystal relic Gu on two of the vats had tiny purple black hair growing out of them.


 The remaining two vats had clear green liquid with no change.


 Fang Yuan snorted; most of these six purple crystal relic Gu had been tampered with.


 With his five hundred years of experience, Fang Yuan was able to conjecture something wrong with these relic Gu.


 Among the purple crystal relic Gu in these six vats of green liquid, only two could be used. Fang Yuan immediately took out the two purple crystal relic Gu from the clear green liquid and used them.


 Using two relic Gu, Fang Yuan’s cultivation immediately rose to rank five upper stage realm.


 Fang Yuan again took out two purple crystal relic Gu whose bodies were filled with tiny hairs, and repeatedly used them.


 The two relic Gu’s strength combined and was able to raise his cultivation to rank five peak stage!


 In a short period of time, Fang Yuan advanced from rank five initial stage to rank five peak stage, completing an enormous jump. Moreover, relic Gu had no side-effects and would not cause his foundation to weaken.


 Gu Master’s cultivation was extremely focused on resources. As long as there were enough resources, cultivation could make rapid progress.


 Theoretically, as long as one had sufficient relic Gu, a Gu Master’s cultivation could advance in a lightning speed. But in reality, extremely few Gu Masters did this.


 One reason was that relic Gu could only raise a Gu Master’s cultivation by a small realm; every great realm required the Gu Masters to breakthrough by themselves. It was extremely easy to raise cultivation with enough relic Gu, but this would instead cause normal Gu Masters to be reliant on them, and breaking through a great realm would become much harder.


 Second, higher realm did not represent everything. To survive in this cruel world, one still needed planning, wisdom, opportunity, experience and training. A sudden increase in strength without the knowledge to control it was like an infant brandishing a broadsword, they could injure somebody and injure themselves.


 Third, relic Gu were extremely expensive, few Gu Masters could enjoy advancing so lavishly. Even if a Gu Immortal’s descendants could enjoy such treatment, their elders would not allow them to be so spoiled.


 Finally, there was an even more important point, and that was aptitude. Without good aptitude, relic Gu would have no use even if there were more of it. Fang Yuan could smoothly advance to rank five because of his experience and also the great help from A grade aptitude.


 Fang Yuan might be the only one who could could use relic Gu like this repeatedly to sharply raise his cultivation.


 If it were other rank five Gu Masters, even if they were geniuses from the Shang house clan, they would still have to follow the prescribed order. After all, a Gu Master’s cultivation still required long training of Gu worms. High cultivation could not directly indicate the battle strength, it was no more than making oneself look like a fat target.


 Previous life experiences were Fang Yuan’s great wealth that allowed him to smoothly control this burst of strength.


 Unknowingly, a night had already passed while dashing through the cultivation levels. Fang Yuan walked out of Dang Hun palace and onto Dang Han mountain.


 Just like he expected, many guts Gu had grown on the mountain rocks.


 He walked a few steps and crouched, casually kneading one, but it was only a pile of yellow mud.


 Even since Dang Hun mountain was struck by Immortal Gu Gruel Mud, it gradually began to die and a part of the guts Gu created on it would become yellow paste.


 Fang Yuan’s expression did not change as he had already expected this; he again pinched seven to eight guts Gu.


 But in this process, he only got two good guts Gu. Using their strength, his wolfman soul slightly strengthened once more.


 "The Immortal Gu Gruel Mud’s strength has already invaded deep. I remember that four to five guts Gu would be intact out of ten. Now, only three or four are good." Fang Yuan sighed.


 Although these yellow mud were all gruel mud and could be sold at treasure yellow heaven, but compared to the guts Gu, the difference in worth was as different as night and day, and was an enormous loss.


 Fortunately, all these guts Gu belonged to Fang Yuan alone.


 Although six or seven out of ten guts Gu were useless, with their enormous numbers it was still enough for Fang Yuan’s soul to progress greatly.


 "Now, I am at rank five peak stage, and the next step would be to attack the Gu Immortal realm. But this matter is quite difficult and I need many preparations and attempt it slowly." Fang Yuan inwardly planned.


 With rank five peak stage aperture, Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure had greatly resolved.


 The urgent matter was to rescue Dang Hun mountain.


 Though Dang Hun mountain was dying, saving it would be a great help to Fang Yuan’s future cultivation, even after he advanced to Gu Immortal realm.


 After completely cleaning off all the guts Gu on the mountain, Fang Yuan entered Dang Hun palace again and collaborated with Little Hu Immortal to activate connecting heaven Gu.


 Wave after waves of divine sense were mutually tangling up in treasure yellow heaven.


 Just after they opened connecting heaven Gu, a large divine sense rushed was transmitted to Little Hu Immortal, asking about the price of gruel mud.


 Fang Yuan had sold great amounts of gruel mud and this attracted many Gu Immortals’ interest.


 Using these gruel mud for the Immortal Gu recipe, one could refine the Immortal Gu Gruel Mud. Although this Gu could only be used once, it was a genuine Immortal Gu. In this environment where Immortal Gu were scarce, Gu Immortals scrabbled madly for Fang Yuan’s gruel mud.


 As for these gruel mud, Fang Yuan’s price was Immortal Gu Gruel Mud’s recipe.


 Originally, these Gu Immortals brought incomparably damaged remnant recipes that did not have even ten feet of treasure light. But after a few days, the recipes these Gu Immortals brought out had already reached a treasure light of thirty to forty feet.


 Fang Yuan still kept on disregarding them; he had large amounts of gruel mud to sell. In fact, none of the gruel mud recipes that appeared nowadays could satisfy him.



***
Chapter 476: Air Bubble Fish


***





 Chapter 476: Air Bubble Fish


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Connecting heaven Gu inlaid itself in the air, figures of wolves flashed past one after another in the mirror.


 Suddenly, the scene fixed itself on a turtleback myriad wolf king.


 Turtleback wolves possessed broad physique, their whole body was dark-green and they had dark-blue eyes. Every turtleback wolf had shell like that of a turtle.


 This shell was very heavy and about one-third of a turtleback wolf’s weight was due to it. Apart from defensive purpose, it could also store nutrition just like camels.


 This species had the strongest defense among the wolves.


 And the myriad beast wolf king that showed on connecting heaven Gu was no doubt even more enormous, being ten times larger than ordinary turtleback wolves. Its turtle back was towering high, the strong shell shone with bronze color, giving a feeling of abundant strength and power.


 "The scale of the wolf group I have is close to thirty thousand. They can mainly be divided into three wolf groups; turtleback wolves, night wolves and wind wolves. There are around ten thousand wolves in each group. Besides them, there are also few poison beard wolves which were obtained from the poisonous grassland. There are also over a hundred water wolves which I bought because of white-eyes wolf."


 Originally, Fang Yuan had over thirty thousand wolves. But after several battles, the loss accumulated and now he only had around twenty-seven thousand. After he sent the old, weak and injured wolves sent to Hu Immortal blessed land, the number of wolves left was less than twenty-five thousand.


 Thus, they needed to be replenished.


 If ordinary enslavement path Gu Masters wanted to replenish their beast group, they would need to organize a group to hunt, requiring much effort and time, moreover they could not take in too big of a beast group.


 Fang Yuan, however, after possessing connecting heaven Gu, was like standing on a Gu Immortal’s shoulder, he had one more option than ordinary Gu Masters, that is to purchase the beast groups in treasure yellow heaven.


 Most blessed lands would breed wild beasts. However, when the beast population increased a lot, they would influence the ecology of the blessed lands, and the Gu Immortals that controlled the blessed lands would put them for sale in treasure yellow heaven. Like this, not only could it reduce the pressure on the blessed land, it could also provide some revenue.


 Similarly, many Gu Immortals who wanted to nurture the blessed land and replenish the ecology, would purchase some beasts to breed in their blessed lands. Thus, transactions of beast groups was extremely common in treasure yellow heaven.


 There were many dazzling lineups of wolf groups put for sale in treasure yellow heaven.


 Northern plains’ night wolves, wind wolves, water wolves, poison beard wolves, turtleback wolves; southern border’s lightning wolves, azure wolves, blood wolves, two-headed wolves; western desert’s silk wolves, pearl wolves, sand wolves, tyrant wolves; eastern seas’ ink wolves, greed wolves, red wolves, goldback wolves; central continent’s white-eyes wolves, star wolves, color wolves, blood wolves...


 The wolves put for sale were not only common wild beasts, but also mutated beasts like white-eyes wolves, tyrant wolves and greed wolves.


 Of course, there were no desolate beast level wolves which had battle strength comparable to Gu Immortals. But Fang Yuan knew there was a desolate beast peach wolf in Lang Ya blessed land.


 "Among the three greatest wolf groups I have, only night wolf group has a myriad beast king. If my wind wolves and turtleback wolves also had myriad beast kings to unite them, I would not need to control the hundred wolf kings and thousand wolf kings; it will greatly reduce the burden when I command them. By reducing the burden on my soul, I can then take in even more wolf groups."


 Fang Yuan did not intend to replace the wolf groups, that would be a superfluous move.


 He decided to strengthen the wolf group on him.


 Little Hu Immortal sent the divine sense for him and inquired the price of this turtleback myriad wolf king.


 The Gu Immortal who put it for sale called himself South Sea Turtle Immortal. He wanted ten thousand stalks of blowpipe grass.


 Blowpipe grass was the specialty of northern plains, every grass looked like an erect long pipe. When wind blew, the wind would enter the small holes on the grass and produce pleasant pipe sounds.


 Blowpipe grass was a common material used in Gu refinement; at the same time, a large expanse of blowpipe grass would slowly give birth to some sound path and wood path Gu worms.


 Fang Yuan did not have any blowpipe grass, and although he knew their location, this season was not the time for them to grow and they were all just seeds buried under the earth.


 Fang Yuan knew this situation, but did not give up and made Little Hu Immortal ask: "Ask and see if he accepts immortal essence stones."


 Little Hu Immortal conveyed with her divine sense and after communicating for a moment, she reported: "Master, he says he can sell twenty thousand turtleback wolves, but he is asking for two immortal essence stones."


 Fang Yuan scoffed, this was a very expensive price. Immortal essence stones were very precious, turtleback wolves were no more than ordinary wild beasts but transactions required the process of bargaining.


 After some haggling, Fang Yuan used an immortal essence stones to buy thirty thousand turtleback wolves and one turtleback myriad wolf king from South Sea Turtle Immortal.


 After the transaction was finished, Fang Yuan bought another eighteen thousand wind wolves and one wind wolf myriad beast king. He replenished twenty thousand night wolves, five thousand poison beard wolves and six thousand water wolves. Altogether, he spent two and a half immortal essence stones.


 It was not over yet.


 The wolf groups entered Hu Immortal blessed land, bringing a grim ordeal to the original ecology and causing many effects. To say the least, Fang Yuan needed to provide enough food to these wolf groups, otherwise these wolves would starve to death because of insufficient food.


 Hu Immortal blessed land also had many wild beasts like rabbits, pheasants and so on. But these animals were the food sources of fox groups.


 Hu Immortal had cultivated large numbers of foxes in the blessed land; there were red foxes, gold foxes, cloud foxes, wind foxes, autumn water foxes, flowing light foxes and so on.


 These fox groups had suffered disastrous damaged in the sixth earthly calamity, but a number were still preserved. After many years of recuperation, they would also gradually grow into a large scale and recover some of their strength.


 If there were insufficient food, the wolf groups and fox groups were bound to hunt each other and create and extremely severe internal friction; the losses would be more than profits.


 Fang Yuan bought food for these fox groups and wolf groups.


 "Golden koi, blue jade carp, fat mudfish, which would be good... Eh? There are actually fish roes of air bubble fish!"


 Just as Fang Yuan was about to choose one, he accidentally discovered a Gu Immortal was selling fish roes of air bubble fish.


 He immediately decided to buy it.


 However, air bubble fish’s fish roes had attracted some Gu Immortals’ attention, causing there to be a price competition.


 Fang Yuan made prompt decision and raised the price to one immortal essence stone.


 "There are just over twenty thousand fish roes, someone is actually paying one immortal essence stone!"


 "This person is mad, even if they are bred, there would only be around three thousand air bubble fish. Although they are precious but they are only worth less than one immortal essence stone."


 Gu Immortals transmitted divine sense containing their ridicule and contempt.


 Air bubble fish were difficult to incubate, with only around thirty percent chance of survival rate. To them, the price Fang Yuan was paying was too high.


 "If my memory is not wrong, two Gu Immortals would fight over the air bubble sea at the end of this year, the intense poison would invade into the whole air bubble sea and turn it into a death zone. At that time, air bubble fish’s price would sharply rise to over ten folds." Fang Yuan sneered after obtaining these fish roes.


 Those able to become Gu Immortals were no doubt giants among men and great geniuses. Excluding some ignorant and incompetent second generation immortals, most of the Gu Immortals were those with great experiences and wisdom; if Fang Yuan had not started out with such a high price, it would be extremely difficult for him to get these fish roes.


 "In future, when the battle of five regions break out, this air bubble fish’s price would increase to hundred folds of now!"


 Air bubble fish were the specialty of eastern sea, they were quite peculiar with translucent and round belly, like a round and glossy air bubble. Two dark sesame seeds seemed to be sewed in front of the air bubble, they were its eyes. The fins and tail were very small, giving it very weak movement power.


 Air bubble fish were different from other fishes, its movement style was to move by rising and falling. When they were in danger, they would often float out of the surface of the water to the air, to hide from their enemies.


 Some mature air bubble fish could even keep staying at the air throughout the year without needing to enter the water, eating the tiny insects in the air as their food.


 The greatest use of the air bubble fish was to increase the production of Gu worms.


 The worms air bubble fish devoured would be protected and nourished in its belly, gradually evolving into a Gu, then they would pierce out of the belly and fly away.


 Because it could increase the rate of Gu worms creation, air bubble fish became a product sought out by all Gu Immortals during the battle of the five regions.


 "These air bubble fish needs to be slowly raised, although they only have thirty percent survival rate, they just need to be carefully tended to. Dozens of years later, they would reach a scale where they can be self-sufficient. Hundred years later,they would reach at least fifty thousand in numbers. And same as starlight firefly Gu, it will be a highly demanded good in the battle of five regions."


 The fish roes of air bubble fish were an unexpected harvest, and could be considered a small pleasant surprise.


 "With air bubble fish, I can’t choose fat mudfish. Although fat mudfish are the easiest to raise, but they will eat the fish roes of air bubble fish, they can even eat mud to fill their stomach when they are hungry."


 "Comparatively speaking, between gold koi and blue jade carps; one eats gold as food and another eats gemstones. Both have no interest towards the fish roes of air bubble fish."


 Fang Yuan did not lack gold and gemstones because there was a large group of rockmen in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 These rockmen lived underground and ate soil as their food. After a long time, all kinds of gold, gemstones and so on would form on their body.


 "However gold has a harmful influence on the reproduction of air bubble fish and can decrease the reproduction rate. The mild gemstones, however, have no such disadvantages, so I shall choose blue jade carps."


 Fang Yuan pondered and finally decided upon the fish species.


 In his previous life of five hundred years, he had also managed a blessed land. And because of many setbacks he had experienced then, he could now make the most sensible choices.


 After obtaining blue jade carps, the water wolves’ food problem was solved. Fang Yuan then bought a large numbers of pink rabbit and iron-shell flowers as food for night wolves, wind wolves and turtleback wolves.


 And because of poison beard wolves, Fang Yuan also chose some earth skin pigs. These pigs had a high reproduction rate and could eat both meat and grass; they were also put in the eastern part of the blessed land.


 Finally, Fang Yuan bought many Gu worms and large numbers of Gu refinement materials. He spent altogether eight immortal essence stones and hundreds of thousands of primeval stones.


 "At once, eight immortal essence stones have been spent." Fang Yuan would not feel any heartache at common primeval stones, but he still cared about immortal essence stones.


 Previously, he had sold many remnant recipes and obtained twenty-eight immortal essence stones, now only twenty remained.


 "I can still sell the remnant recipes with me, but the more they are sold, the cheaper they will get. I lack means for getting profits, as for the investment in air bubble fish and starlight firefly Gu, they would only show results after a hundred years. I need to use these remaining immortal essence stones carefully."


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh. He handed connecting heaven Gu to little Hu Immortal and let her be in charge of dealing with the residence and various other works regarding wolf groups, fish groups, iron-shell flowers and air bubble fish roes.


 Fang Yuan entered Dang Hun palace and used the materials he bought to refine Gu.



***
Chapter 477: Rank Five Breath Concealment Gu


***





 Chapter 477: Rank Five Breath Concealment Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 After one day and one night, Fang Yuan walked out of Dang Hun palace with an exhausted expression.


 He came to Dang Hun mountain, many guts Gu had been created again during this period of time. But the quantity was half of the first time.


 Fang Yuan pinched some of them, most were of no use because of Immortal Gu Gruel Mud’s powers.


 But Fang Yuan had slaughtered Yan tribe, after collecting many souls, there were lot of guts Gu. Relying on this enormous number, Fang Yuan’s soul managed to advance by a lot.


 "My current soul strength is over five times stronger than before. Unfortunately, there is still a large gap to thousand man soul." Fang Yuan closed his eyes for a while before opening them again with a slightly happy expression.


 This progress was quite big. If it were normal Gu Masters, they would require ten years or more to accumulate such results.


 But because of guts Gu’s help, Fang Yuan could easily accomplish this feat in less than half a day.


 "No wonder Dang Hun mountain was called one of the sacred lands of soul path by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. Among the things in my possession, Dang Hun mountain’s value is only lower to Spring Autumn Cicada. No matter what, I can’t let it die!"


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had once commented that soul path Gu Masters had two great sacred lands in this world. One was Dang Hun mountain to strengthen the soul; another was Luo Po valley to refine soul.


 Soul needed to be strengthened and also required to be refined.


 Fang Yuan used guts Gu to rapidly strengthen his soul. But he did not have Luo Po valley to refine his soul, thus he could only use wolf soul Gu instead.


 Wolf soul Gu could transform a Gu Master’s soul into wolfman soul, having the effect of refining soul.


 Guts Gu’s production continued to drop; by the third time, Fang Yuan only used one hour to pluck them all. Most of the guts Gu had become mud paste, and relying on the small portion of intact guts Gu, Fang Yuan strengthened his soul to six times.


 Little Hu Immortal was busy with her work.


 The stargate Gu was once again activated and Fang Yuan returned to northern plains.


 The moment he stepped out of the stargate, Fang Yuan’s first sight was the loyal guarding wolf group that surrounded the area.


 The stargate was connected to Hu Immortal blessed land; Fang Yuan sent poison beard wolves and water wolves to the blessed land while bringing wind wolf myriad wolf king and turtleback myriad wolf king to northern plains. At the same time, he replenished the three wolf groups, raising the scale of the wolf group to sixty thousand!


 Fang Yuan did not immediately return to Ge tribe, instead he picked up a half-finished product and began to refine Gu.


 After spending a long while, when the first rays of sunlight shone on crescent lake, he obtained rank five breath concealment Gu.


 The heaven and earth of the five regions were different, whether it were Gu worms or Gu Masters, once they went into other regions, they would be suppressed.


 But different from Gu worms, human is the spirit of all living beings and had great intelligence and adaptability. As long as a few years went by, Gu Masters could completely adapt to the environment and obtain the recognition of the region, no longer facing suppression.


 And for the Gu worms to not be suppressed, Fang Yuan refined the Gu at northern plains. No matter where the materials were from or whatever Gu worms were used, the moment the Gu refinement was completed, the new rank five breath concealment Gu was born in northern plains and obtained northern plains’ recognition, not suffering from the suppression.


 Back then, Fang Yuan had obtained rank two breath concealment Gu in Zi You mountain. By refining and ranking up this Gu worm, the rank five breath concealment Gu was finally formed.


 At rank five, breath concealment Gu did not have any huge changes, was still like a purple exquisite tree leaf, it was just that the purple was deeper in color and even had a slight metallic luster.


 After using the breath concealment Gu to hide his cultivation back to rank four middle stage, Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air.


 He was now at rank five peak stage, and even after suffering the suppression in northern plains, he still had rank five initial stage aura.


 If he returned to Ge tribe like this, it was sure to attract suspicion. At the same time, if one day, a portion of the suppression lifts and his cultivation suddenly rose, it would result in conjectures and doubts. Breath concealment Gu could prevent such an accident.


 Fang Yuan returned to Ge tribe with the wolf group. As expected, the Ge tribesmen were shocked and pleasantly surprised.


 But there were many wolf groups in northern plains, crescent lake was also a place filled with spirituality and many beast groups gathered around it; It was not difficult to explain how Fang Yuan gained such a bountiful harvest.


 Fang Yuan placed a part of the wolf group inside the camp and another group outside, letting them move about.


 When he returned to the giant lizard house Gu, Ge tribe leader Ge Guang immediately came over to pay respects, bringing two letters with him.


 "Congratulations to lord for gaining a huge increase in strength after this hunt!" Ge Guang had two dark circles under his eyes, his face however had a joyous expression.


 Throughout this day and night, he had been cleaning up the battlefield with Ge tribe elders, gathering the goods and dealing with those who surrendered, he was so busy that he had no time to sleep. Looking at Ge tribe’s strength expand in his hands, Ge Guang was very excited, causing his respect towards Chang Shan Yin to deepen by another layer.


 He understood clearly that without Chang Shan Yin, this day would not have come for Ge tribe.


 "My luck was quite good and I had some gains." Fang Yuan sat on the seat and lightly nodded at Ge Guang.


 His strength increase did not end with the wolf groups. His cultivation and soul also had huge advancement, Ge Guang and the rest would be terrified if they knew.


 At Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan had used up one chance to refine Immortal Gu, and obtained stargate Gu, thus causing his inactive chessboard to become alive again. Fang Yuan’s strength progressed at an unimaginable speed every time he entered Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Everyone would find it hard to believe such rapid progress. However, it was also very reasonable when one carefully looked.


 Fang Yuan possessed a blessed land, he was growing using the foundation of a Gu Immortal. The difference between immortals and mortals were as different as night and day; adding in his five hundred years of experience that allowed him to absorb the rapid increase in strength, he could grow smoothly without facing any issues.


 Fang Yuan had been risking his life, like walking on a tightrope in between cliffs to obtain these enormous wealth that changed into deep accumulation. Finally, the accumulation was changing into explosive growth in strength.


 "Lord, by devouring Yan tribe we have obtained a total of over six hundred and thirty four thousand primeval stones, one rank five Gu, twenty-seven rank four Gu and many rank three, rank two and rank one Gu. Besides them, there are over two thousand Gu refinement recipes, three hundred hump wolves and many big stomach horses. Lizard house Gu numbers to thousands, hundreds of mush room Gu, and the number of captives are over seven thousand..." Ge Guang excitedly reported.


 Fang Yuan quietly listened; because he had taken down Yan tribe’s higher-ups in one move and also due to the surprise attack, Ge tribe was able to receive huge benefits.


 Especially the amount of captives, it was unexpectedly over seven thousand. Among them were large numbers of rank two and rank one Gu Masters who wanted to surrender; after Ge tribe incorporated them, the tribe’s strength had increased by over two-fold.


 "Lord, this is the inventory list after calculating, please take a look. You can take anything you want." Ge Guang respectfully handed Fang Yuan a list.


 To Fang Yuan, these resources were instead not essential.


 He had Hu Immortal blessed land now, the appeal of primeval stones to him had fallen down to the abyss. The days where he had to scheme for one or two primeval stones on Qing Mao mountain had already left him.


 He lacked immortal essence stones, the more he had the better. Unfortunately, Yan tribe did not have a Gu Immortal, so how could they have immortal essence stones?


 The reason why Fang Yuan assisted Ge tribe was to have a chess piece, to act as a shield for him so that he could meddle in the heroes assembly.


 If possible, he did not want to give up the identity of Chang Shan Yin prematurely. The longer he managed the tribe, the more use it would have for him in the battle of five regions.


 "According to the rules of the grassland, the half of these spoils are all mine. But these things are not suited for me, so I shall leave them with Ge tribe." Fang Yuan gave back the list to Ge Guang.


 "Yes, lord." Ge Guang promptly replied.


 "My wolf groups will be fed by your tribe. Account for the expenses using my share of the spoils." Fang Yuan added.


 Ge Guang, however, shook his head and said with sincerity: "Lord, the reason our Ge tribe can have this day is all because of you. How could I, Ge Guang, be a person who doesn’t know favors? Feeding the wolf groups is our Ge tribe’s responsibility, there is no need for lord to spend your wealth. I understand deeply that my abilities are not enough to manage the whole Ge tribe. I hope senior can guide and give me pointers in the coming days."


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan laughed and took a deep glance at Ge Guang. This young man before him could be considered to have some experience now.


 Although he had only held the tribe leader position for a short time, he had experienced trials and wandered in between life and death, he took risks, and thus progressed rapidly.


 As the saying goes: Heroes emerge in troubled times.


 This Gu Master world had a cruel environment and it was not easy to live. And precisely so, heroes emerged in large numbers and endlessly.


 "Ge Guang, you are pretty good. In that case, I shall become Ge tribe’s external elder."


 Ge Guang’s whole body shook before wild joy emerged in his face.


 He promptly kneeled on the ground: "Junior is presumptuous and sincerely request senior to become the supreme elder of Ge tribe!"


 "Supreme elder?" Fang Yuan muttered.


 Ge Guang raised his head and looked at Fang Yuan sincerely. He knew Ge tribe’s current great situation was closely related to Chang Shan Yin, that is the only way they can move stably and far, while obtaining the most benefits.


 If Chang Shan Yin was not around, just relying on his rank three cultivation would not be enough to suppress the expanding Ge tribe.


 "Alright, I shall accept it." Fang Yuan agreed.


 By this point, Ge tribe’s circumstances was also part of his plan. Ge Guang was only a rank three Gu Master and had just taken the tribe leader position, Fang Yuan made Ge tribe take over Yan tribe, it allowed him to have greater control of this person.


 By controlling this person , he controlled Ge tribe!


 "What? Yan tribe was exterminated by Ge tribe!?" At another place beside crescent lake, Wang tribe leader listened to the news and looked at Bei tribe’s envoy with shock.


 Bei tribe’s envoy was an old rank three Gu Master, his face filled with wrinkles, grey hair, sunken and dark eyes. He was an enslavement path expert with some reputation in northern plains, named Bei Cao Sheng.


 "That is precisely so. Many tribes already know of this, not long later, the news will spread to the whole northern plains. Your tribe is in a remote location and has many large beast groups in the surroundings, thus you were not able to get this news immediately."


 Bei Cao Sheng continued: "I have come here to represent the alliance of Bei, Zheng and Pei tribe to request Wang tribe to join the alliance and punish Ge tribe together!"



***
Chapter 478: Main Pillar


***





 Chapter 478: Main Pillar


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Eh?" Hearing Bei tribe, Zheng tribe and Pei tribe had already allied, Wang tribe leader slightly furrowed his brows.


 In northern plains, it was not strange for tribes to form an alliance. The struggle for the Imperial Court was arriving soon, the appearance of alliances also increased.


 "I have a doubt. Ge tribe was originally weaker than Yan tribe, how could such a small existence swallow a bigger force?" Wang tribe leader questioned.


 Bei Cao Sheng laughed: "Ge tribe could absorb Yan tribe all because of one person. I wonder if Lord Wang tribe leader has ever heard of Chang Shan Yin?"


 "Chang Shan Yin?" Wang tribe leader slightly frowned, this name brought a familiar feeling in the depths of his heart as if he had heard it somewhere.


 Soon after, his furrowed brows relaxed and an astonished look appeared on his face: "Chang Shan Yin... could it be the Wolf King who had killed Ha Tu Gu?"


 "Hehe. I am in admiration of tribe leader’s knowledge." Bei Cao Sheng cupped his fists, "Yes, it is because of this person’s meddling that led to Ge tribe’s victory. Who would have expected that the hero of northern plains would still alive after all this time? No one knows what happened in all these years. He appeared with low profile and with his lone strength, made Ge tribe, a small existence, swallow the big Yan tribe. Of course, this is also because Yan tribe’s higher-ups were schemed against by Chang Shan Yin and were taken down collectively. This allowed Ge tribe to have dominance when they attacked Yan tribe camp."


 Bei Cao Sheng spoke with assurance, he was actually very clear of this inside story.


 In truth, after Yan tribe was exterminated, there were naturally some who were able to escape alive and went to Bei tribe to request protection. With such informants, Bei tribe was naturally very clear of the situation.


 Wang tribe leader’s brows furrowed deeper: "back in those days, Wolf King with his lone strength could bypass realms and kill rank five Gu Master Ha Tu Gu along with his bandit group. Such strength truly intimidates people. How can we deal with such expert with our strength?"


 Rank four Gu Masters were already the leaders of small-mid scale tribes. Rank five Gu Masters were at the peak of the mortal world.


 Long ago, the news of Chang Shan Yin killing Ha Tu Gu had created an uproar in the whole northern plains.


 Reputation, whether good or bad, follows closely like a shadow; Chang Shan Yin’s deeds had spread throughout northern plains for so many years, it was natural for Wang tribe leader to have some apprehension.


 Bei Cao Sheng laughed loudly: "Hahaha, it is natural for lord tribe leader to have worries. Wolf King was indeed an amazing character. But times have changed, today’s Wolf King is no longer as valiant as before."


 "Eh? I would like to hear the details."


 "Everyone knows the strength of enslavement path Gu Masters is determined by their troops. Wolf King has just come back, his wolf group is no longer of the same scale as before, with not even a single mutated beast. There are only ordinary wind wolves, night wolves and turtleback wolves with him. And in the battle with Yan tribe, they already suffered huge losses. His battle strength is not so mighty."


 Bei Cao Sheng continued: "Moreover, Wolf King attacked Yan tribe without rhyme or reason, this is the conduct of the demonic path, slaughtering ordinary mortals goes against northern plains’ rules. He is no longer the hero of our northern plains, but a demon everyone needs to hunt. The one we are punishing this time is a sinner who creates conflicts, an evildoer who invades at will! We have righteousness with us while Ge tribe is at the side of injustice and evil. The heroes assembly has not begun yet, the struggle for Imperial Court has not started yet, but they dared to openly wage a war with another tribe, this is unforgivable. Looking at the history of northern plains, which of the people that violated the bottom line like this has ever had a good ending?"


 Bei Cao Sheng’s words were full of passion, indeed as the political advisor of Bei tribe, his words had the power to incite people’s hearts.


 But Wang tribe leader also was a seasoned character and not someone who could be easily influenced. His gaze flashed and said with hesitation: "Although it is so, Wolf King is after all the Wolf King. In the battle between giants, there will definitely be injuries. After the battle ends, there is bound to be enormous losses."


 Bei Cao Sheng shook his head and smiled without concern: "Hehehe. Wolf King might be strong, but two fists cannot defeat four hands. Ge tribe has just absorbed Yan tribe, they have eaten too much this time and inflated very quickly, they will not be stable for a long time. As long as Wang tribe joins us, why would our four tribes’ alliance be afraid of a puny Ge tribe?"


 Wang tribe leader muttered irresolutely for a while and said: "I am not afraid of Ge tribe, but Wolf King is the Wolf King. He mysteriously disappeared for so many years, who knows what happened, he might have even had fortuitous encounter. He definitely has some plan in making his appearance now. Such a character is sure to have trump cards that he has not shown yet."


 Bei Cao Sheng scoffed: "Reputation usually comes from exaggeration. Wang tribe leader, why should we puff up the enemy and lower our morale? Why are you so afraid of the Wolf King? He is already past his prime, even if he has trump cards, he is no more than an enslavement path Gu Master in the end. Since he is an enslavement path Gu Master, we have ways to deal with him."


 "Truthfully speaking, our Bei tribe also has enslavement path Gu Masters, our tribe’s forest soldier corps which has made its name in northern plains; it can completely face Chang Shan Yin. Besides them, Zheng tribe has the renowned lightning spear battle formation while Pei tribe leader Lord Pei Yan Fei is a famous expert in northern plains and has already advanced to rank four peak stage. Even if Wolf King has much more troops, Lord Pei Yan Fei can move past the troops and directly attack and kill the Wolf King!"


 It was common knowledge that enslavement path Gu Masters feared beheading the leader tactics.


 As long as this tactic succeeded, even a huge army of millions would immediately fall into chaos and flee in disorder.


 Wang tribe leader, however, was still hesitating, and evaded it saying he needed a few days to consider as it was a serious matter.


 Disappointment flashed past Bei Cao Sheng’s eyes: "This is a serious matter, it makes sense for Wang tribe leader to consider it carefully. However, this matter cannot be delayed, if we allow the Ge tribe to recover their senses and digest the spoils of the war, our losses when we fight will be much more larger. Please take note of this, lord tribe leader."


 Wang tribe leader nodded: "At most three days, during this period, you can stay in our tribe and receive our warmest welcome."


 Bei Cao Sheng could only take the initiative to say his farewell after hearing these words.


 When he had just left the hall, a person entered.


 This person was thin with a yellowish face, there were three strands of beard on his chin and a pair of sharp and bright eyes. He was Wang tribe leader’s competent assistant; Wang tribe elder Wang De Dao, an experienced strategist.


 "Lord tribe leader, are we really going to agree to Bei tribe and join this alliance?" Wang De Dao asked with some worries.


 "Hehehe, of course not, you don’t need to worry." Wang tribe leader laughed.


 Wang De Dao let out a breath of relief: "Tribe leader is wise to not be bewitched by others. The power struggle for Imperial Court is arriving, and years of battle will follow it. Preserving strength is our main priority. The thoughts of Bei, Pei and Zheng tribe, these three mid scale tribes, are very clear. Yan tribe is in-laws of Liu tribe, Yan Cui Er is Liu tribe young master’s fiancee. They are thinking of becoming dogs of Liu tribe, to curry favor with Lord Liu Wen Wu, but they want to involve my tribe to share the risks."


 "Yes." Wang tribe leader nodded, "Our Wang tribe is a large scale tribe, we need to make our moves very carefully. The struggle for the Imperial Court is like a battle of dragons and snakes; in the end, who can become the final winner? We need to observe carefully and choose the side we are siding with."


 Every ten years in northern plains, there would be a terrifying and shocking blizzard.


 Only by entering the Imperial Court, could one have protection to not be affected by the blizzard.


 But the quota in Imperial Court was limited; there were too many that wanted to enter, thus they would go through bitter battle, and after eliminating the weak, the master of the Imperial Court would be decided.


 Wang tribe might be a large scale tribe but was classified as those tribes with superficial foundation, having no intents to vie for the throne. They only wanted to side with the correct force and become the one with the greatest contribution, thus entering the Imperial Court and avoiding the disaster.


 "If we can’t enter the Imperial Court, our tribe will definitely suffer disastrous damage during the blizzard. We will fall from our current large scale force to mid scale, small scale or even complete extermination with a high probability. But if we can enter Imperial Court, through the support of the resources of Imperial Court, we can recuperate and if our luck is good, we can have the qualifications to vie for the next rulership of Imperial Court!" Wang De Dao said with a grave expression.


 This matter concerned the survival and prosperity of the whole Wang tribe; every Wang tribesman was cautious and careful.


 "Then, how should we deal with Bei Cao Sheng?" Wang tribe leader asked.


 Wang De Dao stroked his beard and said after a while: "We should properly entertain this person, and three days later, we can tactfully decline their alliance invitation. At the same time, we will send a letter to Ge tribe behind their back, to express our goodwill to the Wolf King and tell them of this matter. Let them fight each other while we will watch safely from the sideline. If there is an opportunity, we can have no worries in benefiting from their conflict."


 "Hahaha, your words deeply resonates with my heart." Wang tribe leader could not help laughing heartily.


 Gazing at the letter in his hand, Ge tribe leader Ge Guang had a worried expression.


 All the Ge tribe elders beside him were also silent.


 The atmosphere had become so heavy in the main tent that it was almost suffocating.


 "Bei, Pei and Zheng tribe have allied to combine their strength and pass judgement to our tribe. They are wantonly attracting more allies now. Wang tribe leader has sent this information secretly, I am afraid not long later, the allied army would make their move. Elders, do you have any good plans?" Ge Guang asked.


 "This matter is not looking good. Our tribe has just absorbed Yan tribe, although our morale is high, we have yet to digest the spoils of the war."


 "If the enemy invades us, it is hard to say if the Yan tribe captives we have won’t rise up in rebellion."


 "At that time, with both external and internal threats, our Ge tribe won’t be far from extermination!"


 "Then should we retreat?"


 "Retreat? Where? We have a camp now and can defend our positions. But if we retreat, there will be nothing to protect us, do we just wait for those tribes to surround us then?"


 The elders started discussing.


 Ge Guang looked at them with a disappointed gaze, the elders were just making random comments with no one giving reasonable suggestion.


 This instead caused the atmosphere in the tent to become more repressing and was vaguely shaking up their battle will.


 "Alright, no need to say anymore." He raised his hand and put an end to the discussion.


 "I won’t hide this from you, few days ago, Lord Wolf King Chang Shan Yin has agreed to become our tribe’s supreme elder. We need to invite him to discuss this matter." Ge Guang revealed the news.


 He had kept this news hidden, now that he said it out, it was like a cardiac stimulant that caused the elders to feel a rush of morale.


 "Lord Wolf King has become our tribe’s supreme elder?"


 "Great, great, this is a cause for celebration!"


 "With Lord Wolf King with us, we have a chance of survival."


 The suppressing atmosphere in the tent was immediately swept clean and the fallen morale rapidly soared. This was the effect of an expert; in times of crisis, they were the main pillar that could hold up the sky and earth.


 Seeing this, Ge Guang realized why only Gu Masters with high cultivation could become the ones in power in tribes.



***
Chapter 479: Good weather to kill


***





 Chapter 479: Good weather to kill


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan was invited into Ge tribe’s main tent.


 "Oh, three tribes are allying to deal with us?" Fang Yuan heard this and his eyes shone, asking: "Which three?"


 An elder immediately replied: "Reporting to lord supreme elder, it is Pei tribe, Bei tribe, and Zheng tribe."


 Pausing for a second, this elder continued: "Pei tribe’s Pei Yan Fei has rank four peak stage cultivation, he is a fierce general famous in northern plains. Although Bei tribe is only a middle-sized tribe, it has two enslavement path Gu Masters. As for Zheng tribe, although they were created not too long ago, their lightning spear battle formation is nothing to be trifled with."


 Fang Yuan nodded, he had heard a familiar name, that was Pei Yan Fei.


 This person was truly a fierce general in northern plains, after joining Liu Wen Wu, he became Liu tribe’s third general.


 In the future battles, he often fought his way into enemy formations alone, assaulting and disrupting their battle formations, as he charged through unstoppably, he aimed for the leader’s head.


 As for Bei tribe and Zheng tribe, although Fang Yuan had no memories of them, it did not obstruct him from estimating their strength.


 Either of these two tribes were equal to Ge tribe back in Hong Yan valley.


 Bei tribe had two enslavement path Gu Masters, this meant that they could resist Fang Yuan’s wolf group head on. As for Zheng tribe, it seemed that they grew to power using the lightning spear battle formation, this was Zheng tribe’s trump card, it could not be underestimated.


 "However, I need large numbers of souls to feed Dang Hun mountain and strengthen my own soul. The alliance of the three tribes will allow me to kill many people right? Hehehe."


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a cold smile.


 "Right now, the three tribes have allied, the situation is precarious, uncle Chang Shan Yin, what should Ge tribe do?" Ge Guang was yearning for an answer.


 Fang Yuan raised his brows, his words oozing with killing intent: "What can we do? Since they want to kill us anyway, we will strike first and attack them immediately! You have to know, the best defense is offense!"


 "What? Attack?!"


 Hearing this, Ge tribe higher-ups were shocked.


 In their earlier discussions, some people suggested retreating, some suggested defending, but no one had suggested attacking.


 This idea was too aggressive and risky. After all, the power of the three allied tribes greatly surpassed Ge tribe. Now that Ge tribe had just assimilated Yan tribe’s captives, they had internal woes as well.


 "Is it too crazy to just attack them now?" The elders looked at each other, sensing each others worry from their expressions. But because of Fang Yuan’s attitude, they did not dare to speak out.


 At once, everyone went silent.


 Ge Guang hesitated for a while, before meekly saying: "Uncle Chang Shan Yin, the enemy is strong while we are weak, but we are going to strike first and give up on defending the camp?"


 Fang Yuan snorted: "If you are thinking like this, so are our enemies. Precisely so, we have to initiate the attack and catch them off guard."


 "Tonight, we shall gather our forces and assault them in the dark! Which tribe is the closest to us?"


 "The closest is Bei Tribe, following by Zheng tribe and then Pei tribe who are the furthest." Ge Guang replied.


 Fang Yuan smiled coldly: "Very good, then we shall wipe out Bei tribe first, before slaughtering Zheng tribe and then find a chance to finish off Pei tribe. This battle will be tragic, be mentally prepared. But we cannot make progress without sacrifices, after we devour the three tribes, our Ge tribe will strengthen even further."


 The tribe elders looked at each other, tongue-tied, shocked by Fang Yuan’s ambition.


 With Ge tribe’s current situation, he still wanted to devour the allied enemies who were two to three times stronger than them. This was unimaginable.


 Seeing the hesitant gang, Fang Yuan waved his hand: "Then that will be the plan, go and prepare for it."


 "Yes." The higher-ups replied.


 That night, the night winds blew and the moon was high in the sky.


 Ge tribe camp opened its gates as the wolves ran out like a flowing river. Countless Gu Masters were mixed in with them, as they charged forward with strong killing intent.


 "What a good weather, this is a perfect weather to kill people." Fang Yuan sat on a mutated beast as he laughed.


 This mutated beast was that white-eyes wolf, it was an infant earlier, but after Fang Yuan used the time path Gu worm to accelerate its growth, it rapidly aged. Now, this white-eyes wolf was several times its original size.


 Having a body of white snow-like fur, its body shape was slim and smooth like water, only slightly smaller than a hump wolf.


 But its current battle strength was only comparable to an ordinary hundred wolf king. There were no wild Gu inside its body.


 Time was needed for wild Gu to live in a beast king. During a beast king’s long period of growth, multiple wild Gu worms would come to seek refuge with them.


 But this white-eyes wolf grew too fast, it lacked the foundation built with time, and because it was always by Fang Yuan’s side, there were no Gu on it.


 Because of that, Fang Yuan used it as his steed and let it accompany him. Sometimes, using its vision, he could scout areas quickly.


 The army moved quickly towards Bei tribe.


 Bei tribe camp was situation on a mound, there were originally many trees on the mound, but now they were all removed and a tall wall was erected all around Bei tribe camp.


 On the wall, there were observational towers that were giving off a bright light, lighting up the dark camp. On the surface of the wall, there were wooden spikes and several Bei tribe Gu Masters were standing at set intervals, giving off a strong impregnable aura.


 "Lord, are we really attacking?" The army stealthily got closer as Ge Guang observed the wall, his heart jumped as he had the urge to retreat.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "We will definitely win."


 "What does lord supreme elder mean?" An elder did not understand and asked.


 Fang Yuan pointed at the wall: "Precise because of the sturdy wall, these Bei tribe Gu Masters are complacent, sending only a few Gu Masters to guard it. The fact that we could get to near to them is proof of this. Furthermore, this light is too bright, it shows Bei tribe’s intention to scare off the weak. Such a false bravado, while attempting to show that they were a stronghold, revealed all their little secrets."


 Hearing this, Ge tribesmen were assured.


 Fang Yuan instructed again: "Later, I will send the wolves to crush the wall, you will send the Yan tribe captives to charge and lead the way, while Ge tribe Gu Masters watch them. If anyone tries to rebel or run away, kill them on the spot!"


 His icy cold voice made everyone shudder.


 The moment he said that, before waiting for the elders to react, Fang Yuan waved his hand as two myriad wolf kings led their wolf groups and rushed out. In a few breaths’ time, they got into the lighted area.


 "Wolves, why are there so many wolves?!" Bei tribe Gu Masters rubbed their eyes, finding it unbelievable.


 "Enemy assault, enemy assault!!" Some people reacted and shouted loudly, using their Gu worms to send signals.


 "Block them, reinforcements are coming!" The Gu Masters shouted with all their strength.


 But Fang Yuan’s attack was ferocious and overwhelming, it was like two iron fists that had been storing energy for a day.


 The battle strength of a myriad wolf king was not to be underestimated, often, a rank four Gu Master and multiple rank three experts were needed to deal with one.


 Two myriad wolf kings, under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, unleashed their strongest attacks without hesitation.


 Bam! Bam! Bam!


 Every impact was soul shaking. The study wall swayed in the wind like a flimsy paper.


 Especially the turtleback myriad wolf king, it had a thick skin and a strong body, it caused the most damage to the wall.


 Bei tribe Gu Masters were busy retaliating, but their scattered attacks were blocked by the myriad wolf king’s defensive Gu.


 When Bei tribe’s reinforcements arrived in a hurry, they saw the collapse of an entire segment of the wall. Two myriad wolf kings led their endless wolf armies as they charged into the camp.


 "Night wolf myriad beast king! Turtleback myriad wolf king!" Bei tribe leader saw this sight and he was shocked out of his wits.


 These were two types of wolves, as wild wolf groups, they will never work together. This situation only meant one thing, there was someone controlling them.


 Who was the culprit?


 Bei tribe leader did not need to think twice before a name appeared in his heart — Wolf King Chang Shan Yin!


 "Chang Shan Yin..." Bei tribe leader gritted his teeth and fire almost spewed out of his eyes.


 But his fury could not stop the attack of the wolf group.


 So be it if they were ordinary wolves, but under Fang Yuan’s control, strength and knowledge became the best companions.


 Bei tribe tried resisting, and formed many defensive formations, but the wolf group charged without worry for casualties, it was an all-out attack.


 The Ge tribe Gu Masters behind the wolf group were like spectators.


 Rank four — grass puppet Gu!


 Bei tribe leader injected his primeval essence into the grass below his feet.


 The grass grew to the size of a person, turning into a grass puppet, holding a green leaf long sword.


 This was the grass sword elite soldier!


 Large numbers of grass sword elite soldiers charged towards the wolf group.


 The grass sword elite soldiers successfully resisted the wolf group’s attack, they formed a formation near the main tent and blocked the wolves like a green monolith.


 But this situation was only temporary, when Bei tribe leader’s primeval essence was used up, the grass sword elite soldiers were out of steam and the monolith became smaller, submerged by the wolves.


 "Retreat, we will retreat to Zheng tribe! As long we are alive, Bei tribe will have the hopes of returning one day." Bei tribe leader saw that the defeat was set in stone and resolutely decided to retreat.


 "Hahaha." Fang Yuan rode the white-eyes wolf as he looked at the escaping Bei tribesmen, laughing loudly.


 "Lord, we won!" Ge Guang said excitedly.


 "We’ve only won the first out of three battles. Leave some people behind to clean up the battlefield, we will chase them!" Fang Yuan waved and the tens of thousands of wolves howled and changed directions towards Zheng tribe.


 "They are chasing us!" The Bei tribe Gu Masters who were escaping saw such a grand army and were scared till their souls trembled.


 "No wait, Chang Shan Yin’s next target is Zheng tribe." Someone understood.


 "Not only did he take down our tribe, he also wants to take down Zheng tribe?!" Someone furiously screamed.


 "Tribe leader, what do we do? My primeval essence is almost used up, soon, they will catch up." Someone shouted frantically.


 Bei tribe leader hesitated for a moment, he did not have much primeval essence left, he could only change directions and enter the forest near him.


 Fang Yuan led the army and ignored these people, charging straight for Zheng tribe.


 "He did not chase us, he went to Zheng tribe after all." Bei tribe’s higher-ups breathed roughly, standing in the forest, they watched the stampede of over ten thousand wolves.


 Bei tribe leader’s expression was solemn, the veins on his fists were about to burst, the hatred in his heart and the flames of fury almost incinerated him, but there was nothing he could do!



***
Chapter 480: Go die, go die


***





 Chapter 480: Go die, go die


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Prepare the lightning spears!" Zheng tribe leader shouted furiously as he went to the frontline.


 After crushing Bei tribe, Fang Yuan led his army without stopping towards Zheng tribe camp.


 A bitter battle erupted instantly.


 Fang Yuan commanded two myriad beast kings to attack together, breaking through Zheng tribe’s two defensive lines in moments. However, at the third line, they were finally stopped.


 The ones who stopped the wolf tide was Zheng tribe’s renowned trump card — the lightning spear corps.


 These rank two Gu Masters stood in a row on the walls, emitting strong elite aura; forging a wall made of flesh and blood.


 Hearing the tribe leader’s shout, these Gu Masters immediately pushed forward their right hand and poured their primeval essence into the lightning imprint on their right palm.


 This was the imprint of the lightning spear Gu.


 Next, Ge tribesmen saw lightning emitting out of these Gu Masters’ palms before forming into silverish blue colored spears.


 These spears were four feet long and were completely condensed from lightning; lightning flickered and emitted a soft sizzling sound.


 "Shoot!" Zheng tribe leader shouted.


 Whoosh!


 In an instant, five hundred and eighty lightning spears flew together and drew a dense arc in the sky.


 The shining lightning illuminated the battlefield for a moment. The blue light shone on everyone’s faces.


 The difference was Ge Guang and his group had ashen expressions, while Zheng tribe leader had a proud smile.


 Lightning spears rained down upon the charging wolf group.


 Even though turtleback wolves had strong shells, they were still pierced by the lightning spears. Let alone the wind wolves and night wolves who were weak in defense.


 The volley of lightning spears showed an extraordinary might, instantly clearing up a large area of the battlefield.


 The densely packed wolf group also became thinner.


 Over five hundred wolves fell, dead. The offense of the wolf group had slowed down.


 "Hahaha, look, this is our tribe’s lightning spear corps!"


 "With such strong troops, who dares to look down on our tribe?"


 "This is the strongest blood and flesh wall of our tribe, what could happen to us even if there were more wolves?"


 Zheng tribe’s Gu Masters shouted in excitement at this sight, their morale increasing rapidly. In contrast, Ge tribesmen had grave expressions.


 "Chang Shan Yin." Zheng tribe leader used sound amplification Gu to amplify his voice, suppressing all the chaotic noises of the battlefield.


 "You invaded my tribe without rhyme or reason, the heroes assembly has not started yet but you are recklessly starting a war with no care for law and order. Your brutal massacre will be punished by all the tribes of northern plains. You have not made a great mistake yet, you still have a chance at redemption, retreat quickly! Otherwise, I shall let the world know of your evil nature, you and the Ge tribe behind you shall be called rats by all northern plainsmen!" Zheng tribe leader berated and warned.


 "Lord supreme elder..." Ge tribe’s elders looked towards Fang Yuan with hesitation on their faces.


 Fang Yuan’s mad war campaign was indeed violating the rules. Although the three tribes allied to deal with Ge tribe, they had yet to act. Just relying on the evidence gathered by Ge tribe, they could not prove anything.


 Northern plains Gu Masters liked to battle but they did not battle recklessly and everything was based on proper reasons.


 The more sensible and grand the reasons were, the better it was.


 Moreover, the struggle for the Imperial Court had not begun yet, so the tribes were mutually restraining each other. Back when Ge tribe was at Hong Yan valley, Man tribe clearly had more strength than Ge tribe, but they still did not make a direct move. Instead, they used schemes to create a wolf tide. This was because Man tribe did not have a proper reason to swallow Ge tribe.


 This was the rule of the righteous path, the game rule between the tribes of northern plains.


 Fang Yuan leading Ge tribe to invade the three tribes alliance was clearly breaking this rule. They were attacking without appropriate reasons which meant their actions lacked righteousness.


 Ge tribe’s invasive conduct which reeked of demonic nature would cause them to be isolated; other tribes might be vigilant towards them or even attack them.


 Thus, Ge tribe’s higher-ups were worried. But because of Chang Shan Yin’s strength and prestige, they did not openly oppose him.


 Right now, the wolf group’s offense was obstructed and the Ge tribesmen were starting to show the first signs of worries.


 Fang Yuan sat indifferently on the mutated beast white-eyes wolf, gazing at those Gu Masters on the wall.


 "The lightning spear corps are indeed extraordinary."


 His gaze continued to flash as he saw the ingenuity behind this


 In the entire lightning spear corps, there were over five hundred offensive Gu Masters, but the truly important characters were the hundred or so support Gu Masters who were hiding in the corner and were strictly defended.


 These Gu Masters used their Gu worms to strengthen the power of the lightning spears or condense the force of the lightning spears into an even stronger attack.


 Fang Yuan then looked at the night wolf myriad beast king as well as turtleback myriad wolf king.


 These two wolf kings were obstructed by Zheng tribe leader personally along with the lightning spear corps’ combined strength, so they had no choice but to retreat.


 Their bodies were riddled with wounds. Turtleback myriad wolf king was slightly better, but the night wolf myriad beast king’s defense Gu was killed, its entire body was covered with blood and some wounds were so deep, one could even see the bone.


 Even though Fang Yuan used wolf smoke Gu to heal most of these wounds, the night wolf myriad beast king’s strength had dropped by a level.


 Retreat?


 Does retreating mean that the others won’t pursue?


 Fang Yuan sneered, retreating was the fastest way to die.


 Only by advancing without stopping, charging forward, defeating the three tribe alliance, annihilating the survivors, could the bad influence of breaking northern plains rules be reduced to the minimum.


 Right now, Ge tribe was like a drawn bow, there was no other option but to press on.


 Ge tribe’s higher-ups were short-sighted, so they could not see the situation clearly. But Fang Yuan, with his five hundred years of experience, naturally was a seasoned veteran and could clearly see the situation.


 "Everyone, we are at the most crucial moment now. Ge tribesmen, charge forward, fight to the death, whoever dares to retreat a step shall be killed without question!" Fang Yuan shouted coldly while actively mobilizing all the remaining forces with him.


 Howl!


 Wind wolf myriad beast king lead the wind wolf group and rushed to the battlefield. Fang Yuan had been intentionally hiding this myriad wolf king outside. He had not brought it to Ge tribe camp and did not use it even when attacking Bei tribe.


 "The third myriad wolf king!" Ge tribe and Zheng tribe’s Gu Masters changed expression at the sight of this wind wolf king.


 Ge tribe’s higher-ups revealed joy, while Zheng tribe’s Gu Masters felt like a heavy stone had landed on their hearts.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with cruel killing intent; he waved his hand and the three wolf kings rushed forward together.


 Seeing three myriad wolf kings charge together, Zheng tribe leader’s expression paled and furiously attacked.


 Killer move — Thunder Bird!


 The primeval sea level in his aperture violently dropped as three Gu worms were activated together, forming an enormous lightning bird in the air.


 The giant bird flew towards the turtleback myriad wolf king and obstructed it.


 "Lightning spear corps, shoot together!" Zheng tribe leader hastily shouted.


 Hundreds of lightning spears were shot to the sky. Support Gu Masters acted together, converging the flying lightning spears together. In the blink of an eye, the lightning spears combined to form into a lightning snake.


 Eagle claw Gu!


 A rank three elder suddenly activated his Gu at the lightning snake. The lightning snake immediately grew out two sharp and steel-like claws.


 Rhino horn Gu!


 Another Zheng tribe elder activated his Gu; a sharp golden horn grew out of the lightning snake’s head.


 Silver scales Gu!


 Another elder added bright silver colored, firm scale armor on the lightning snake’s body.


 This completely armed lightning spear made a circle in the air, looking like a divine dragon descending into the world. Next, it charged down valiantly towards the wind wolf myriad beast king.


 "This move again." Fang Yuan’s eyes twitched; previously, the night wolf myriad beast king had been obstructed by this killer move and suffered serious injuries.


 This was the killer move — Gold and Silver Lightning Dragon!


 Gu Masters nurtured, used and refined Gu; each aspect was a deep field of study. There was the killer move in the aspect of using Gu.


 Some Gu Master experts would exquisitely activate many Gu worms’ abilities consecutively in a very short period and fuse them into an even stronger attack. This was a killer move.


 Normal killer moves were activated by one Gu Master. Like Zheng tribe leader’s killer move thunder bird.


 The gold and silver lightning dragon, however, was a killer move formed from the cooperation of hundreds of Gu Masters. It condensed the strength of hundreds of Gu Masters as well as rank three experts into an extremely terrifying attack.


 As it was obstructed by gold and silver lightning dragon, the wind wolf myriad beast king had no hopes of advancing further temporarily.


 However, Fang Yuan was not discouraged.


 He still had a myriad wolf king!


 Night wolf myriad beast king began a crazed assault under his control.


 "Block it, block it!"


 "Hold it back even if you die."


 "Tribesmen, our parents, wives, children, brothers and sisters are behind us, we absolutely cannot lose!"


 "This myriad beast king no longer has its defense Gu, we still have hope!!"


 Zheng tribe’s Gu Masters raised their morale and attacked fiercely.


 Countless attacks shone brilliantly like fireworks as they landed on the night wolf myriad beast king’s body.


 This night wolf myriad beast king’s defense Gu had already died. The attacks easily caused its flesh to lacerate, causing it to howl bitterly in pain.


 The intense pain agitated the night wolf myriad beast king; its eyes reddened, its killing intent burst out and its offense became fiercer.


 "Damn it!" Seeing the night wolf myriad beast king kill the lightning spear corps, destroying Zheng tribe’s most precious trump card, Zheng tribe leader almost spurted out blood in anger.


 However, he could not go to stop it, as right now, he was using all his strength to pin down turtleback myriad wolf king.


 To protect their home and family, Zheng tribe’s Gu Masters burst out with much greater strength.


 "Die beast!" A rank three elder dashed out without a thought for his safety and flew towards the night wolf myriad beast king’s eyes, fiercely piercing forwarding with his hands.


 The night wolf king had no time to dodge and its eyes were pierced.


 Amidst the incomparable pain, it opened its mouth and bit this rank three elder apart.


 The rank three elder’s body was split into two; but he had a smile on his face before dying.


 He used his final trace of primeval essence to inflict heavy injuries on the night wolf king.


 Such a situation was not rare. To block the night wolf king, many Zheng tribe’s Gu Masters chose to sacrifice themselves and protect their home.


 "Truly brave warriors!" Fang Yuan praised while laughing coldly.


 In his mind, Fang Yuan sensed the night wolf king’s intense desire to retreat. But he did not allow that and forcibly made it continue attacking.


 Lightning spear corps suffered serious losses in the intense fight with the night wolf king, not even ten percent survived. With there being no decent resistance, Ge tribe’s Gu Masters charged out and created an opening rapidly.


 The scales of victory tilted towards Fang Yuan.


 Time passed, gold and silver lightning dragon dissipated in the air and the wind wolf king became free; under Fang Yuan’s control, it started killing Zheng tribe elders.


 Next, the wolf group charged inside Zheng tribe camp like a tide, mercilessly killing the old, the weak, women and children.


 Wretched screams, despairing shouts and shrieks resounded throughout the battlefield.


 "Die, go and die, the more deaths there are, the more souls I can obtain." Fang Yuan looked expressionlessly at this living hell, as he secretly used his storage Gu.



***
Chapter 481: Bei Cao Chuan


***





 Chapter 481: Bei Cao Chuan


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In a distant dark corner, close to ten people were gazing at the battlefield; they were the higher-ups of Bei tribe who had escaped.


 "Zheng tribe is done for." Bei tribe leader Bei Cao Chuan sighed.


 "Who would have thought Chang Shan Yin had a third myriad wolf king!" An elder exclaimed in shock, expressing everyone’s inner thoughts.


 They had never expected Fang Yuan to be hiding his strength. In the attack against Bei clan, this myriad wolf king had been hidden all along and never made its appearance.


 "With three myriad wolf kings, it is normal for Zheng tribe, a mid scale tribe, to be defeated even if they have the lightning spear corps."


 "However, Chang Shan Yin is really sinister, he could actually wait so patiently to this degree. Such temperament is terrifying!"


 "Hehe, so what? Zheng tribe leader killed night wolf myriad beast king before his death. Now, Chang Shan Yin only has two myriad wolf kings left."


 Some of the remnant Bei tribe elders sighed with sorrow while some sneered.


 Capturing a myriad beast king was not an easy matter. Fang Yuan’s loss appeared to be very disastrous to them.


 But in fact, replenishing the myriad wolf king was only a thought away for Fang Yuan who could connect to treasure yellow heaven.


 "This Chang Shan Yin is crazy and cruel, he could have made the night wolf myriad beast king retreat temporarily, but he kept on pushing it firmly, leading to its death." An elder said with a chill in his heart.


 Bei tribe leader narrowed his eyes, recalling the battlefield that was vivid in his mind: "If he had not pushed this strongly, they might not have been able to settle the battle so quickly. Ge tribe is unable to sustain a battle of attrition when attacking a large group with their small group. Chang Shan Yin’s move was very wise."


 "It is a pity Zheng tribe leader also died. He was a rank four upper stage expert, if he could have lived..." Bei tribe elders sighed.


 The reason for this was also because Zheng tribe leader was overly fond of battles, using all his strength to fight with the enemy. After a long battle, his primeval essence was greatly consumed, but when he wanted to escape, his path was cut off by night wolf myriad beast king and in the end, did not manage to escape.


 And Zheng tribe’s lightning spear corps were almost completely exterminated with only two to three small-fry remaining.


 These two matters were fatal strikes to Zheng tribe’s morale.


 Their tribe leader sacrificed himself and the corps was exterminated; Zheng tribe lost resistance and was utterly destroyed.


 Ge tribesmen charged into the camp and unfolded an unrestrained massacre. Zheng tribe showed no intent to battle and did their best to escape; cries of agony and pleading could be heard endlessly.


 There even appeared scenes where a rank one Gu Master chased after two to three rank two Gu Masters.


 It was not that these rank two Gu Masters did not want to fight, but their primeval essence had been severely consumed in the battle with the wolf group.


 Without primeval essence, a Gu Master’s battle strength would fall to the abyss.


 The remnant Bei tribesmen fell into silence as they saw Zheng tribe’s miserable state.


 They could not help thinking back to the scene where their own camp was attacked; everyone of them gnashed their teeth and clenched their fists, their heart filled with fury and also a bleak feeling.


 Chaos was descending!


 Every ten years in Northern Plains, a disastrous blizzard would appear, causing great unrest where heroes rose and vied for supremacy.


 At that time, the unrest would spread to the entire Northern Plains; this situation was no more than a prelude of it.


 Human lives would be cheap as grass as tribes wandered around without a home. Small or mid scale tribes would be like duckweed, being involuntarily swept up by the whirlpool of the battle; they could be crushed if they were in the slightest bit careless.


 Even large scale tribes had to be extremely cautious and careful. Only those super tribes who had Gu Immortals and possessed blessed lands had the foundation to remain standing for ages.


 "Lord tribe leader, our primeval essence is already recovered. Originally, we wanted to rescue Zheng tribe, but they are already defeated now. Why don’t we go back and take down the Ge tribesmen at our camp and save our tribesmen!" At this moment, an elder suggested.


 "Right, Chang Shan Yin’s appetite is too big. He broke through our camp, then went on to destroy Zheng tribe. According to his crazy momentum, he might even be going to Pei tribe. We need to take the opportunity to go back and kill them."


 "The people Ge tribe left behind there might be more in number, but they are all rank one and rank two Gu Masters, with only one rank three elder."


 The elders could not help being agitated as they looked at their tribe leader.


 Although they had fewer numbers, all of them had rank three cultivation while their tribe leader was at rank four realm. With such strength they had a huge chance to go back and save their tribe.


 However, the young Bei tribe leader shook his head and resolutely refused: "We cannot! Although Ge tribe left behind very few people and we can go to seize back our camp, but what happens after that? We are too few in numbers, information about our return will definitely leak. After Chang Shan Yin obtains the news and if he returns, would we be able to defend? Can we escape safely with our tribesmen?"


 The group of elders went mute.


 Bei Cao Chuan was correct.


 When they had been defending before, they were at full strength, yet they were still broken by the wolf tide, let alone now.


 "Let them become captives. Relax, you saw that after the battle ended, Ge tribe bound the tribesmen and did not kill them. They want to expand their strength, hmph, their appetite is too big!"


 Bei Cao Chuan snorted and continued: "We will leave our tribesmen with them for the moment. In a short period of time, this will cause their rations to be consumed and they will have to use more manpower and divide more energy."


 An elder’s eyes suddenly brightened: "Then why don’t we directly attack their nest? Ge tribe is only a mid-sized tribe now and they have brought out almost all their forces; their camp definitely has poor defenses right now. We will kill and loot, empty their rations and increase the burden on them, and let them have a taste of being attacked!"


 "Good idea!"


 "Right, this is a good way!"


 "I will definitely let Ge tribe taste the pain of being homeless!!"


 The elders discussed in excitement.


 "Fools!" Bei tribe leader slammed the suggestion and looked at everyone with a chilly and sharp gaze, "Do you all have pig brains? If we destroy their rations, the ones who would suffer would be our tribesmen. You think they won’t kill the captives to reduce the consumption? If someone recognized us, what will we do if they kill the captives to vent their anger?"


 Bei Cao Chuan let out a breath of turbid air, his eyes shining with wisdom as he said in a heavy voice: "True revenge is not indulging in quick pleasure. Attacking Ge tribe camp is a small thing, we can’t hurt their foundation with it. Only by killing Chang Shan Yin, removing Ge tribe’s main source of power, can we overturn the situation! We need to fight."


 These words enlightened all the elders.


 "Lord tribe leader is wise!"


 "With lord tribe leader with us, our tribe has hope."


 "We will listen to tribe leader’s arrangements!"


 The elders looked at Bei tribe leader with respect and admiration.


 Bei tribe leader Bei Cao Chuan was also an outstanding person!


 He had been pushed aside by his siblings when he was young; the most unlikely candidate to the young master position.


 He took less actions, disguised his strength and showed a low cultivation, thus he would be taunted and ridiculed by his siblings in banquets and gatherings.


 Bei Cao Chuan was an expert at enduring silently, he restrained himself from making a move. His brothers had internal conflicts while he silently accumulated his strength.


 When the old Bei tribe leader was critically ill, he finally got the opportunity.


 The old Bei tribe leader was injured because of a backlash from a Gu worm and required a specific Gu to heal. However, the tribe found that this Gu was residing in a spirit rhino myriad beast king.


 The spirit rhino beast group had about eighty thousand in numbers, the tribe could do nothing and gave up all hope; but Bei Cao Chuan infiltrated the beast group’s dwelling by himself.


 After several days of observation, he discovered this spirit rhino myriad beast king would occasionally leave his group to roll and play in a mud swamp. After it played to its fill, it would sleep soundly.


 The mud was as smelly as dung and many maggots lived in it; Bei Cao Chuan buried himself in the mud for seven days and seven nights without moving.


 Hard work paid off; the spirit rhino myriad beast king finally came again to play. However, spirit rhino myriad beast king was huge and when it rolled about, it stepped on Bei Cao Chuan’s leg, crushing it immediately.


 Bei Cao Chuan silently endured the pain and did not even let out a groan!


 When the myriad beast king played to its fill and was sleeping soundly, he quietly stole that wild Gu worm from the myriad beast king’s body.


 Bei Cao Chuan obtained the wild Gu worm; and he narrowly escaped this dangerous place, moving without stopping, hopping back to the tribe with his one leg and saved the old tribe leader.


 The whole tribe was in an uproar!


 Bei Cao Chuan’s actions contained shocking filial piety, outstanding courage and meticulous planning; causing the whole tribe to look at him in a new light.


 His siblings were also extremely surprised when he revealed his rank three peak stage cultivation.


 After the old tribe leader survived, he emotionally shed tears: "The number of times I have cried in my life can be counted by my fingers. Today, I am crying not because I managed to escape from death’s door, but because I have a son like this; as a father, I am moved by his filial piety, and as the tribe leader, I am happy for the future of my tribe!"


 On the spot, Bei Cao Chuan was appointed as young tribe leader.


 Bei Cao Chuan did not conceal himself anymore, he started to deal with all the tribe affairs and fought for everyone’s approval. On another hand, he suppressed his siblings and fortified his position, not giving any opportunity to his competitors.


 In the end, he became the tribe leader and made vigorous efforts to gradually expand Bei tribe. After repeatedly overcoming several difficulties, he had finally walked to this day.


 Although Bei Cao Chuan was only about thirty or so, he had established deep prestige within the tribe and was trusted by all the elders!


 .......


 "Lord supreme elder, lord tribe leader and elders, we have already finished controlling Zheng tribe camp and have gained a lot of resources!" The elder who was in charge of cleaning the battlefield reported excitedly.


 "From our initial estimations, we have obtained at least eight million primeval stones. We have obtained thousands of Gu worms with a hundred rank three Gu among them. There is also a Gu house secret room which we are opening right now."


 Listening to such spoils of war, Ge tribesmen had extreme joy in their face.


 The gains from Zheng tribe was much more than from Bei tribe.


 Zheng tribe was a mid-sized tribe, but was a tribe with deep foundation. Even though there were much losses in the battle, the resources that were preserved were still enormous.


 "Lord supreme elder, lord tribe leader, what should be our next course of action?" This elder asked after he finished reporting.


 All the Ge tribesmen looked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan said expressionlessly: "Continue attacking, our next target: Pei tribe!"



***
Chapter 482: Pei Yan Fei


***





 Chapter 482: Pei Yan Fei


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The night wind whistled and the wolf group howled.


 Pei tribe and Ge tribe were fighting an intense battle around the walls.


 Flames, golden light, lightning, vines, all kinds of attacks converged to become a scene of brilliant fireworks, lifting the veil of the night.


 "Kill, break the walls, then we can destroy the Pei tribe!"


 "Fight them, kill these Ge tribe thieves!!"


 The two sides roared with all their might to boost up their morale.


 Thick blood smell was lingering around the battlefield.


 Large numbers of cut limbs and bodies were everywhere. The normally respected Gu Masters had lives as cheap as grass here. Of course, there were even more corpses of wolves.


 Seeing the turtleback myriad wolf king being repelled back again, Fang Yuan sighed to himself.


 Because they had charged through Bei and Zheng tribe one after another, information was inevitably leaked; when Fang Yuan led Ge tribesmen to attack Pei tribe, the other side had already made tight defensive preparations.


 After losing the night wolf myriad beast king, Fang Yuan only had two myriad wolf kings left - turtleback myriad wolf king and wind wolf myriad wolf king.


 Originally, the attacks from both kings would pose threat to Pei tribe’s defensive formations. But because of one person, Fang Yuan could only send one myriad beast king to attack.


 This person was Pei tribe leader Pei Yan Fei!


 He was the focus point of this battlefield, being in even more limelight than Fang Yuan’s two myriad beast kings.


 Pei Yan Fei was eight feet tall with a stately appearance. His eyes were sharp and full of power, his back wide and his waist thin; right now, he was charging through the wolf group, sweeping everything in his path and revealing the demeanor of an unparalleled general.


 The characteristic that was the most focused on was his black eyebrows that shone with a dark luster. The eyebrows were thick in the middle and sharp in their two ends with the tip raised slightly, like a swallow’s wings.


 This was not a natural characteristic but the imprint of two rank four swallow wings Gu.


 It was precisely because of this person rampaging around the battlefield with no one able to hold him down that Fang Yuan had to make one myriad wolf king stay for protection to defend against Pei Yan Fei’s sudden attack.


 With this, only turtle back myriad wolf king went to battle in the frontline, causing the charge towards Pei tribe to decrease by a lot.


 "Ahh!" One Ge tribe elder let out a bitter scream before death.


 Following his scream, his head flew to the air; cut by Pei Yan Fei.


 "Another elder died under Pei Yan Fei’s hands!" Ge tribesmen’s eyes twitched at this scene.


 Pei Yan Fei did not directly attack Fang Yuan, but instead rampaged in the wolf group and had already killed three Ge tribe’s elders.


 With this way, he was not entangled by the myriad wolf king and had his hands free. He was also indirectly restricting wind wolf myriad wolf king from fighting. One could see his wisdom along with his bravery.


 "Is there anyone else?!" Pei Yan Fei used swallow wings Gu to fly in the air and shouted majestically.


 His voice suppressed the wolf howls, and spread clearly to all parts of the battlefield.


 Ge tribe was silent while Pei tribe’s Gu Masters’ morale was greatly increased.


 "Truly a fierce general!" Fang Yuan lightly praised.


 Pei Yan Fei possessed extremely strong flying techniques, being an expert in low altitude flying. Although he was not at master level, he was not too far from it.


 He was a metal path Gu Master; his attacks were very sharp and ordinary Gu Masters would find it hard to block them, and he also possessed outstanding movement ability. He was moving all over the battlefield with a very fast speed, like a celestial horse going wherever it wanted. Usually, those that were stronger than him did not have a movement ability like his; while those that could catch up to him, did not have a battle strength that could match his.


 Several times Fang Yuan tried to mobilize wind wolf myriad beast king towards the frontline but Pei Yan Fei would detour and charge towards him.


 Ge tribesmen were unable to block him, so Fang Yuan could only make wind wolf king return.


 This wind wolf myriad beast king was slightly stronger than Pei Yan Fei, but it was a wild beast after all and did not have enough intelligence. Even if it was controlled by Fang Yuan, its flexibility could not match with Pei Yan Fei.


 "I have very few myriad beast kings, it is getting so difficult just to deal with one Pei Yan Fei. The wolf group’s scale is also not big. A truly mature beast group would have at least hundred thousand beasts. The current three enslavement masters of Northern Plains - Ma Zun, Yang Po Ying and Jiang Bao Ya - have beast groups of hundreds of thousands of beasts. They even have a small group of mutated beasts as their trump card."


 Fang Yuan’s mind was on expanding the beast group as he observed the battlefield.


 His beast group might have had taken shape, but its strength had clearly weakened after repeatedly fighting three battles. Most of all, the main battle strength was not powerful enough.


 The ones that truly decided the war in the Gu Master world were still the high rank Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan pondered while mobilizing thousand wolf kings and hundred wolf kings to lead the wolf group to form a wave of concentrated attack towards the Pei tribe camp.


 The wolves howled and charged forward aggressively like a tsunami, causing the Gu Masters on the walls to tense up and hurriedly mobilize everything.


 "The attack this time is really fierce, bring the reserve troops here quickly to defend!"


 "Earth path Gu Masters, restore the walls fast!"


 "Hold on, we must hold on, don’t stint on your primeval essence!"


 BOOM BOOM BOOM.....


 Large amount of flames shot down and exploded towards the wolf group. Golden spears and arrows flew like dense school of fish, striking down on the wolf group, causing massive casualties.


 Several elders joined hands and created two-three small scale tornado that that sent the wolves flying fifty-sixty feet high; the wolves fell to their death.


 "Let’s attack!" Ge tribesmen also started their offence.


 Ghost flame Gu!


 Two-three balls of eerie blue ghost fire smashed towards the wall, hitting a group of Gu Masters; the Gu Masters’ whole bodies were covered with the chilly ghost fire.


 They let out the most tragic shouts. The ghost fire did not injure their body, but directly burned their souls; such pain was extremely intense.


 Fist stone Gu!


 An enormous stone that looked like a clenched fist whizzed through the sky, producing a rumbling sound like that of a lion or tiger, then it heavily smashed on the wall.


 A deep crater immediately formed on the wall and the cracks quickly spread towards all directions; the Gu Masters on the wall could not maintain their balance and fell down.


 Lightning net Gu!


 A large net formed from lightning current flew towards the sky and fell down towards a part of the wall.


 The Gu Masters on that part of the wall were paralyzed by the lightning; some stubbornly resisted with their defensive Gu, while some were scorched like coal - dead.


 ...


 The fierce explosions caused huge numbers of casualties within a short period of time, and also quickly consumed the Gu Masters’ primeval essence. Thus, after a while, they had to stop.


 Pei tribe’s and Ge tribe’s Gu Masters stopped attacking and retreated. Some directly sat down on their spot and grasped every second to recover their primeval essence.


 "Now is the time." Fang Yuan’s eyes brightened as he saw this while sitting on the white eye wolf.When the two sides were gasping for breath, he made his move.


 Wolf smoke Gu!


 Wolf smoke surged, covering the battlefield and quickly healing the wolf group’s wounds and recovering their battle strength.


 Wolf howl Gu!


 Fang Yuan let out a long howl towards the sky, and after the mournful howl, the wolf group also roared, their battle strength raising rapidly.


 Another portion of wolf group rushed to the battlefield, joining with the remaining wolf group in the battlefield, forming a new wave of attack.


 This offensive was directed towards a specific part of the wall.


 This part was already on the verge of collapse after being smashed by the giant fist stone.


 Howl!


 The turtleback myriad wolf king also rushed forward!


 The Gu Masters on the wall struggled to stand up and used all kinds of attacks, but turtleback myriad wolf king forcibly resisted the attack and smashed the wall into pieces.


 The wall collapsed; a hole appeared in the defensive line. Countless wolves rushed through the hole and started killing Pei tribe’s Gu Masters. Pei Yan Fei immediately activated swallow wings Gu to quickly go back.


 Rank four golden coat Gu!


 His whole body shone with a golden light which then dimmed down and formed an armor.


 Rank four swallow wings Gu!


 Another pair of swallow wings grew out from his back, and with two pair of wings, his speed was doubled.


 Rank four rainbow transformation Gu!


 CLAP , he put his two palms together and raised them above his head, his whole body like a straight pencil, then like a golden arrow, he made an arc through the air.


 With the activation of the rainbow transformation Gu, his two pairs of wings and his whole body gradually turned into a golden halo.


 Three rank four Gu activated together to form into a killer move.


 Pei Yan Fei’s killer move - Golden Rainbow Strike!


 Like a rainbow, his whole body turned into a golden meteor, letting out dazzling light like a fragment of the sun, forcing people to narrow their eyes.


 Golden rainbow carved out a stunning arc through the air before instantly striking turtleback myriad wolf king.


 Under Fang Yuan’s control, in the moment of imminent crisis, turtleback myriad wolf king turned its body and faced Pei Yan Fei with its shell.


 BOOM!


 The golden rainbow struck the turtleback, producing a huge sound and also giving off infinite golden light.


 For a moment, the Gu Masters on the battlefield had no choice but to close their eyes, but even so, the dazzling light caused their eyes to tear up.


 The golden rays of light dimmed down, and the Gu Masters slowly opened their blurred eyes.


 The turtleback myriad wolf king’s shell was unexpectedly pierced through by Pei Yan Fei, creating a hole from where one could see the right side of the wolf king from its left.


 The turtleback myriad wolf king let out a mournful howl; with such injuries, its battle strength had fallen to the bottom.


 Meanwhile, Pei Yan Fei’s expression paled as he hovered in the air.


 Many shocked sounds echoed at this moment.


 Ge tribe’s Gu Masters looked stifled, while Pei tribe’s morale soared, shouting the might of their tribe leader.


 "Lord, Pei Yan Fei has battled intensely for so long and now has used his killer move to injure myriad wolf king; his primeval essence should be exhausted. Now is the time to go in for the kill!" Ge Guang excitedly shouted.


 Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes. Ge Guang was right, Pei Yan Fei had battled for so long, he should not have much primeval essence left.


 Fang Yuan naturally knew this clearly.


 But with his five hundred years of memories, Fang Yuan knew Pei Yan Fei had a mysterious Gu called do or die Gu. This Gu was a rank five Gu that could provide the Gu Master with large amounts of primeval essence instantly, but its after-effect was a decrease in their cultivation stage.


 Of course, just this point was not enough for Fang Yuan to give up. But...


 "Is there any bad news from our camp, Zheng tribe camp and Bei tribe camp?" Fang Yuan asked.


 Ge Guang promptly replied: "Not yet."


 Fang Yuan immediately knew something was up and sneered, before sending the command: "Our tribe’s battle strength has fallen and Pei tribe has suffered even more casualties. We shall retreat."



***
Chapter 483: Safely Retreat


***





 Chapter 483: Safely Retreat


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bei Cao Chuan had been observing the development of the battle situation.


 Beside him, there were eleven Gu Masters. Other than the Bei tribe elders, there were also several Zheng tribe elders, they are all summoned by Bei Cao Chuan.


 Their only motive was to kill Chang Shan Yin, to reverse the outcome of this battle.


 "Ge tribe is nothing but scattered sand, we do not have to worry about them. The only problem is Wolf King Chang Shan Yin. As long as we kill him, victory is ours! We can still win!!" Bei Cao Chuan’s eyes shone brilliantly as he observed the battle while raising the morale of the people around him.


 Zheng tribe elders were all convinced by him: "Bei tribe leader is right, but when do we attack?"


 Bei Cao Chuan squinted his eyes: "We have to wait! Wolf King is very vigilant, he only sent the turtleback myriad wolf king to lead the attack, while the wind wolf myriad beast king was always near him. He has ample defensive forces around him, although we are strong, there is only one chance for us to attack him. Once we fail, we can only force our way through. By then, we would be in a hopeless situation, being surrounded by the wolf group, there will be little chance of killing Chang Shan Yin."


 At this moment, the most intense clash happened on the battlefield.


 All sorts of attacks, in all shapes and colors, filled the battlefield. The loud sound of explosions occurred continually.


 Seeing this, everyone’s hearts shuddered. In such a battlefield, even a rank three Gu Master was cannon fodder. Only rank four or five Gu Masters were the main force.


 "Lord, now is the best time to attack." An elder suggested.


 "No hurry." Bei Cao Chuan waved his hand.


 After the attack persisted and eventually ended, an elder could not stand it anymore: "Lord tribe leader, now is the time. While Ge tribe Gu Masters are recovering their primeval essence, we can charge in and catch them unguarded."


 "No! Our target is only Chang Shan Yin. Although they had an intense battle, the number of wolves near Chang Shan Yin had increased in numbers instead." Bei Cao Chuan rejected solemnly.


 Next, Fang Yuan struck and made good use of his timing to destroy a portion of the defensive wall.


 This was a crucial development.


 Pei tribe’s defenses were finally broken, large number of wolves charged in as the turtleback myriad wolf king also arrived.


 "This is bad! Once the defensive line is broken, the wolf group would carry out a full frontal assault, Pei tribe would not be able to handle it, this is an emergency!"


 "Lord, we have to attack. If not, Pei tribe is finished."


 "If we strike now, we can still salvage this situation."


 "No!" Bei Cao Chuan stood up, his eyes were flashing as he was filled with joy, the long-awaited chance had arrived.


 As long as Pei tribe’s defenses were broken, Chang Shan Yin would need to mobilize the wolf group and attack Pei tribe camp. This way, his defenses would be greatly weakened, it would give Bei Cao Chuan a good chance to kill him.


 "If we strike now, it would only alert Chang Shan Yin and he would recall his wolves, causing the battle to turn into a stalemate again. After we expose ourselves, we would lose the precious chance to kill him. Our three tribes are allied, why was Pei tribe’s losses so much less than ours? The Wolf King is so vigilant, he is not easy to deal with. Only with Pei tribe as the bait, allowing him to taste the sweetness of victory, can we kill him at the moment when he lets his guard down!"


 In an instant, Bei Cao Chuan’s brain worked intensely as he had several thoughts.


 But he could not say that out loud, instead he said: "Wait a bit longer, we cannot be anxious. Believe in Pei Yan Fei! He is a famous general in northern plains, do you think he is so weak?"


 The rank three Gu Masters heard this and stopped their charging momentum.


 Bei Cao Chuan had just said that when Pei Yan Fei unleashed his killer move, Golden Rainbow Strike, the intense explosion forced everyone to raise their arms to shield their eyes from the bright light.


 After the light dispersed, turtleback myriad wolf king suffered heavy injures while Pei Yan Fei floated above the rubbles of the defensive wall, his expression was pale.


 "So strong!"


 "With just one strike, he heavily injured the myriad beast king."


 "This is Pei Yan Fei’s famous killer move, it is truly formidable!"


 "Bei tribe leader is amazing, he understood the battlefield so well, I have learnt much."


 The elders expressed their amazement at Pei Yan Fei’s battle strength, while praising Bei Cao Chuan’s judgement.


 Bei Cao Chuan’s lips twitched, he would rather see Pei Yan Fei fail in guarding his camp.


 "There is still hope, we have to wait a bit longer. Pei Yan Fei definitely used up a lot of his primeval essence for such a strong move. Looking at his expression, he must be at his wit’s end. As long as wind wolf king is near Chang Shan Yin, he is near invincible. Pei tribe still had the lower hand, if the wolf group attacks Pei tribe camp again, I will continue my plan from earlier. If Pei Yan Fei has the advantage, I will make use of the opportunity and cooperate with him, dealing the fatal blow to Chang Shan Yin!"


 Sparks were flying in Bei Cao Chuan’s head, he blinked as he modified his plan.


 "I have a chance, there is still hope! I cannot fluster at this moment, I have to calm down and endure... As long as we kill Chang Shan Yin, not only will we turn this around, I will also gain fame. After I become Liu Wen Wu’s subordinate, I can gain important roles and fight for more opportunities for my tribe!"


 Bei Cao Chuan cheered for himself in his heart.


 But at this moment, his pupils shrunk as he swore: "Oh my god, what the f*ck!"


 The elders sent him a peculiar gaze.


 All along, even though the battle was tense, Bei Cao Chuan was extremely confident and had the situation in his grasp, why was he losing his nerves now?


 Bei Cao Chuan could not care less about the gazes, he stared at the battlefield as he spoke out uncontrollably: "Why is this Chang Shan Yin retreating now of all times?"


 The Wolf King was in an advantageous situation, although the turtleback myriad wolf king was heavily injured, it was not dead. He still had another wind wolf myriad beast king!


 In contrast, Pei Yan Fei was at his wit’s end. Most importantly, Pei tribe camp’s defenses were broken. As long as he attacked following this weakness, Pei tribe’s pressure in defending would be many times of before! Most likely, they would not able to hold on.


 Once the wolf group invades Pei tribe camp, Bei Cao Chuan would have the chance to attack, dealing Wolf King the fatal blow from behind!


 But now, he was retreating?!


 Why was Chang Shan Yin retreating, Bei Cao Chuan had no time to think about this already.


 He was extremely nervous now, his confident face started to show some anxiety.


 Wolf King still had much strength now, once he retreated, the assault that he had painstaking waited for would be ruined.


 The worst thing was, Bei tribe camp and Zheng tribe camp were in Ge tribe’s control. Once the wolves retreated, they would bring all these captives and resources away, Bei Cao Chuan would lose his tribe completely.


 Without even a tribe, only left with several elders, Bei Cao Chuan’s tribe leader status would become the biggest laughingstock.


 Just look at the current situation, once he goes to Liu Wen Wu, he would definitely not receive an important position.


 "No, I cannot let Chang Shan Yin retreat so easily. Once he leaves, we have no hopes of succeeding!"


 Bei Cao Chuan screamed in his heart.


 He stood up abruptly, shouting: "Everyone, we cannot wait any longer. Chang Shan Yin is out of steam, they are trying to retreat, now is the time we attack and kill the Wolf King. Everyone, it is time to take back our tribe!"


 The elders near him could see the battle situation too.


 Bei Cao Chuan’s words made them energized as their battle intent surged.


 "Kill!"


 "Chang Shan Yin, don’t think of leaving!"


 "Wolf King, fight me one on one if you have the guts!!"


 A group of rank three Gu Masters left their hiding spot and started attacking Ge tribe’s army from the back under Bei Cao Chuan’s lead.


 "Hmph, they appeared as expected." Fang Yuan foresaw this, he did not fluster upon seeing these people.


 He understood clearly, Bei Cao Chuan and gang did not go back to reinforce their tribes, thus there were only two possibilities.


 One was that they were attacking Ge tribe’s main camp to exact revenge. The other was that they were reinforcing Pei tribe.


 Since the three tribes and their camps were intact, these people were definitely hiding nearby.


 If Fang Yuan continued attacking Pei tribe camp and fought with Pei Yan Fei with all his strength, during the crucial moment, he would definitely face an assassination. Thus, retreating was the wisest choice.


 "But these people were really good at waiting, they appeared now after I forced them, it seems they have deep motives." Fang Yuan rode on the white-eyes wolf as he thought calmly.


 Ge tribesmen were anxious.


 Bei Cao Chuan and the other eleven people were experts, they were unstoppable in their attack, it brought a huge mental pressure to the Ge tribesmen.


 "Lord supreme elder, what do we do?" Ge Guang asked.


 "Why are you panicking, listen to my command and retreat." Fang Yuan laughed coldly.


 Retreating in the battlefield was extremely risky. Often, when retreating, enemies would chase after them and cause them to fail in getting away. In his previous life, Fang Yuan had participated in many battles, he knew that these wolves were good for covering them when retreating. He had the ability to face pressure from two sides and escape.


 He moved the turtleback myriad wolf king near him and recalled his wolf group, making the hundred wolf kings, thousand wolf kings gather towards the center of the army.


 As for those ordinary wild wolves, they were left behind to expend the enemy’s primeval essence.


 As expected, after a moment, Bei Cao Chuan and gang lost their momentum, starting to use the primeval essence in their apertures sparingly.


 "Damn it, do we just watch Chang Shan Yin retreat like this?" Bei Cao Chuan bit his lips, his eyes had turned red from killing, he was extremely indignant in his heart.


 "Pei Yan Fei, why are you not attacking? If we cannot take the Wolf King’s life today, how will we have the face to participate in the heroes assembly?" Bei Cao Chuan screamed.


 Pei Yan Fei snorted, he was not a brute, he knew that Bei Cao Chuan’s sudden assault was after he threw Pei tribe under the bus, he wanted to use them as bait.


 But Wolf King Chang Shan Yin could not be let off.


 During this battle, Ge tribe fought three tribes at one go, if they retreated successfully, they would shoot to fame, and these three tribes would become their stepping stones.


 Moreover, Pei tribe suffered huge losses, how could he not take revenge for such deep hatred?


 Thinking of this, Pei Yan Fei resolved himself.


 Rank five — Do or Die Gu!


 Swish swish swish!


 Pei Yan Fei’s heart felt hollow as large amounts of primeval essence appeared from thin air, filling up his dry aperture.


 "Chang Shan Yin, hand over your life!" He howled, rushing over.


 Ge tribesmen were flustered.


 Fang Yuan laughed, asking around: "Who is this?"


 Ge Guang admired Fang Yuan’s calmness and the anxiety in his heart vanished, answering solemnly: "Bei tribe leader Bei Cao Chuan!"


 "Bei Cao Chuan... Pei Yan Fei... hehehe, heroes emerge in chaotic times, very good, very good." Fang Yuan praised them loudly as his voice resounded in the air.


 Next, he jumped down from the white-eyes wolf, changing his steed to a hump wolf.


 White-eyes wolf took a few quick steps, standing together with wind wolf myriad beast king and turtleback myriad wolf king.


 "That is..." Bei Cao Chuan’s momentum froze, his pupils shrunk.


 Pei Yan Fei’s expression was grim, he was extremely bitter.


 White-eyes wolf was a mutated beast with strength equalling a myriad beast king! Earlier, they were too focused on Fang Yuan, thus ignoring his white-eyes wolf. Now that the white-eyes wolf stood out, its identity was immediately exposed.


 "Damn it!" Pei Yan Fei gritted his teeth, stopping his attack helplessly.


 If Fang Yuan only had the wind wolf myriad beast king left, that would be fine, but with a white-eyes wolf, he had enough strength to resist their attacks and even fight back.


 Pei Yan Fei did not dare to take the risk and place Pei tribe in danger again.


 He chose to give up.


 On the other end, Bei Cao Chuan had no choice but to stop his steps.


 He looked at the army retreating, he not only felt dejection in his heart but also a strong chill: "Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, just how many trump cards do you have?"



***
Chapter 484: Influence


***





 Chapter 484: Influence


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The noisy night winds gradually stopped, thick mist started to form near the wild grass on the ground.


 Ge tribe army retreated along crescent lake, moving slowly.


 Having successfully retreated, these people still had battle intent left in them.


 Even though they did not take down Pei tribe in the end, they had made a name for themselves in this battle, Ge tribesmen were excitedly talking about it.


 "This battle was amazing. That dogshit three tribe alliance, they dared to find trouble with us Ge tribe, they were simply courting death!"


 ’Hmph, what Zheng tribe, Bei tribe, or Pei tribe, they were merely so."


 "Now, Bei tribe and Zheng tribe camps have been taken down by us, and Pei tribe suffered huge losses. After this battle tonight, Ge tribe is going to become famous throughout northern plains!"


 Using the strength of one tribe to challenge three, such an accomplishment and bravery made the Ge tribe Gu Masters feel proud and confident of themselves.


 "It was all thanks to Lord Wolf King Chang Shan Yin." A Gu Master exclaimed.


 The words immediately caused a huge commotion.


 "Mm, that is right. If not for the wolves charging ahead and paving the way for us, we would definitely suffer great losses and face many casualties."


 "This is the power of an enslavement path Gu Master. No wonder so many tribes want to nurture one or two enslavement path Gu Masters even if they had to curb their spending.


 "Lord Wolf King is our tribe’s supreme elder. We are one family."


 "Mm, it is really our honor to have Lord Wolf King by our side!"


 After this battle, Fang Yuan’s prestige in Ge tribe rose to an absurd level.


 Fang Yuan rode the white-eyes wolf again, as Ge tribe leader and the band of elders accompanied him.


 As the supreme elder, Fang Yuan had the authority to forcefully remove the tribe leader Ge Guang. Of course, Ge Guang was an obedient chess piece, Fang Yuan had no intention to remove him.


 The grand army first returned to Zheng tribe camp, the Gu Masters left behind had already gathered the resources and placed them on the thirty blue farm slug transportation troops.


 These slugs were known as mucus Gu worms, they were like snails without shells.


 They were rank three with a body larger than elephants, they were blue and had blue water crystals growing on their bodies.


 These blue farm slug Gu were easy to use.


 They expended little primeval essence and Gu Masters only needed to ’stuff’ the items into their bodies.


 Blue farm slug Gu did not have any attacking capabilities, after ’swallowing’ the items, their bodies would expand.


 These thirty blue farm slug Gu were now five times their original size. Even a myriad beast king was not half of their size.


 But even so, there was still a small portion of the resources in Zheng tribe that could not be carried, and could only be left behind in the camp.


 The elder that stayed behind handed over the list of gains after calculation.


 Fang Yuan browsed through it, the profits were huge.


 "We are rich!" Ge Guang saw this and was elated.


 "This is a huge fortune!"


 "And we obtained so many captives as well, our Ge tribe can quickly become a large-sized tribe!"


 "We have to be alert these few days, we have to strengthen our defenses, and prevent the surrounding tribes from eyeing our goods."


 "But what do we do with the Gu Masters who surrendered? According to the norm, they will become slave Gu Masters. But we do not have so many slavery Gu."


 Ge tribesmen started to feel a headache.


 Ge tribe was only a middle-sized tribe, they had a weak foundation. If they were a large tribe, they would be able to better digest these gains.


 They left behind a group of people to defend the place, and instructed them to retreat of Pei tribe’s army came over, to preserve their strength.


 Ge tribe’s army brought the thirty blue farm slug Gu and large numbers of captives and continued on their journey.


 When they reached Bei tribe camp, the troops stopped. When they set off again, the size of the group had expanded by several times again.


 When they finally reached their Ge tribe camp, the returning warriors received a warm welcome from all the Ge tribesmen.


 The cheers were extremely loud as the first rays of dawn shone on their faces. In contrast, those captives were all either numb or in despair, it was like the two sides lived in different worlds.


 Fang Yuan lightly let out a breath of turbid air.


 On the way back, he was afraid of Pei tribe’s assault.


 "It seems that Pei Yan Fei was concerned with his tribe’s safety and wanted to preserve his forces, thus he did not attack. Otherwise, we will face much greater obstacles on the way. Of course, the main reason for this was because I showed them the white-eyes wolf, displaying a facade that it had the strength of a myriad beast king."


 But the truth was, Fang Yuan’s white-eyes wolf had grown because of third watch Gu. There was not a single wild Gu worm on it.


 This was the world of Gu, without a single wild Gu, white-eyes wolf could not even defeat a thousand beast king.


 If they really fought, white-eyes wolf was only a giant wild wolf.


 But if Pei Yan Fei and Bei Cao Chuan were not deterred and continued attacking, Fang Yuan would be in trouble.


 He had already exerted 120% of his wolf group’s strength, in terms of strength path, he had just started, having only thirty jun of strength. In terms of soul, he had not reached thousand man soul yet.


 "My current strength is still too weak, after three battles in one night, I can vividly feel all my weaknesses."


 Now that they were safe, Fang Yuan looked at the wolf group.


 The sixty thousand wolf group had suffered great losses, only less than half survived. But his greatest loss was his myriad beast kings.


 Fang Yuan had three myriad beast kings, but after this battle, night wolf myriad beast king died in battle, and turtleback myriad wolf king suffered heavy injuries, although it has started receiving treatment, it was still unconscious. Wind wolf myriad beast king was full of injuries, it had lost a lot of the Gu worms on it and its battle strength fell greatly.


 But Fang Yuan felt no regrets.


 Compared to his gains, these losses were nothing.


 Not to say his immense loot from the two camps, Fang Yuan had achieved all his goals from this battle.


 Taking the initiative to attack and fighting three tribes alone, the name of Wolf King Chang Shan Yin would spread in northern plains again, becoming a widely known topic.


 This was a testament to Fang Yuan’s strength, it would be a great help to his future plans of participating in the heroes assembly and dealing with Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Furthermore, these dead wolves served a greater purpose.


 Their souls were kept by Fang Yuan and were used to fertilize Dang Hun mountain.


 "After this battle, I have created a name for myself, as well as displaying my ferocity. I’m sure this will deter the nearby forces, with this, Ge tribe can recuperate and regroup, while I can also take some time to expand my wolf group and cultivate my wolfman soul, at the same time, preparing my rank five enslavement path Gu worms."


 Lying on his bed, Fang Yuan’s thoughts spanned out and slowly faded.


 Outside the Gu house, the cheers were getting louder as the Ge tribesmen celebrated like no tomorrow.


 Fang Yuan gradually closed his eyes.


 He felt tired.


 Three battles in one night, controlling so many wolves to participate in intense battle, it expended his mental energy, a form of fatigue originating from his soul spread throughout his body.


 Just when he was sleeping soundly, a great commotion had expanded all over crescent lake. In the morning, almost every tribe leader nearby or their strategist received the information regarding this battle.


 There were suspicious people, threatened people, fearful people, or furious people.


 But regardless of their feelings, at once, Ge tribe and Wolf King Chang Shan Yin became the hottest topic of every tribe.


 "I thought he was just a cat, but he turned out to be a leopard!" Wang tribe leader was staring intently at the paper describing this battle, after a long while, he sighed as he was filled with lamentation.


 He wanted to watch from the sidelines, if the situation permitted it, he would reap some rewards from this conflict.


 But to think that Ge tribe challenged three tribes in one night under Fang Yuan’s lead, dealing a huge blow to Pei tribe. Bei tribe leader Bei Cao Chuan became a vagabond, and Pei Yan Fei, a fierce general in northern plains, lost a small realm of his cultivation!


 "He is simply too daring and ferocious, he is overly ruthless!" Even Wang tribe leader’s stragetist Wang De Dao looked at this information and exclaimed as his expression changed.


 "Ge tribe attacked without warning, striking first and catching the three tribes unguarded, two were destroyed while one was half ruined. This is overstepping the line, they broke our unspoken rule, aren’t they afraid of being blamed by all of us?" Wang De Dao said furiously, Ge tribe’s rampant invasion made him feel uneasy.


 At this time, the Gu Master outside brought in another letter.


 This was a letter from Ge tribe, it was sent to all the forces near crescent lake.


 The letter was written by Ge Guang personally, it detailed how the three tribes had ill intentions, in order for Ge tribe to defend itself, they had to retaliate. The letter talked about Yan tribe and all the reasons and justifications they had, including Chang Shan Yin’s grudges from many years ago.


 "The truth is, back then, Chang Shan Yin was a victim, this was why he had to face Ha Tu Gu and the bandits alone. Now that he is back, he wants to exact revenge on his tribe. Meanwhile, Chang tribe was already part of young master Liu Wen Wu’s forces, Yan tribe was Liu Wen Wu’s family-in-law, but they did not know about his grudges and asked Chang Shan Yin for help, this is how everything started." Wang De Dao looked at this letter and his expression was uncertain, he became more furious: "Chang Shan Yin is involving the innocent with his personal grudges, what kind of northern plains hero is this?!"


 Wang tribe leader was calm, he got to the point immediately: "But this way, Ge tribe has a reason to attack. Although this reason is so forced, they can at least cover themselves with a proper explanation. Ge tribe has Chang Shan Yin’s protection, after defeating three tribes, their strength would definitely increase and they would expand. There is little hope of the other tribes gathering to deal with Chang Shan Yin after seeing the sorry states of these three tribes."


 Wang De Dao nodded: "Then what do we do next?"


 "Wolf King’s actions were too quick, now that it had already happened, we cannot interfere anymore. Sigh, I underestimated the Wolf King..." Wang tribe leader sighed.


 At this time, someone outside informed him that Bei tribe leader Bei Cao Chuan has brought his band of elders to meet Wang tribe leader.


 "Bei Cao Chuan? Why is he here?" Wang tribe leader frowned.


 Wang De Dao reminded him: "Lord tribe leader, did you forget, Bei tribe had sent an elder to invite us to join his alliance earlier, that elder is still staying with us."


 Wang tribe leader patted his forehead: "Oh, I nearly forgot. I said I would host him for three days, today is the third day. No way, I should not meet this Bei Cao Chuan, go and meet him, tell him I have an important Gu to refine today, I cannot leave my closed cultivation."


 Bei Cao Sheng had been well treated by Wang tribe these few days, but he did not forget his mission. During this time, he had requested to meet with Wang tribe leader several times but was rejected.


 Seeing Bei Cao Chuan, he was very surprised: "Lord tribe leader, and all the other elders, why are you here personally?"


 Before he got a reply, Bei Cao Sheng said with an expression of guilt: "Everyone, I have disappointed you. That Wang tribe leader keeps rejecting my offer, not agreeing to join the alliance. But no worry, with the strength of our three tribes, we can easily deal with Ge tribe!"


 Bei tribe elders heard this and some of their eyebrows trembled, while the others’ expressions turned grim.


 Bei Cao Chuan felt bitter in his heart, at once, he did not know what to say, or how to explain the situation to this elder.



***
Chapter 485: Plotting against the Land Spirit


***





 Chapter 485: Plotting against the Land Spirit


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Eight days later, at night.


 The stars shone in the sky as the night winds blew.


 Fang Yuan rode on the white-eyes wolf’s back, ready to move out.


 Ge Guang stood by his side, reporting the situation of the last few days: "During these last eight days, large numbers of small to mid-sized tribes have started on their journey to attend the heroes assembly. Right now, only several large-sized tribes are left in crescent lake. Bei Cao Chuan, Pei Yan Fei and the others were the first to leave.


 Fang Yuan adjusted his posture: "Mm, earlier when we took the initiative to challenge the three tribes, it made many tribes apprehensive. Since the heroes assembly was nearing, it is normal that they decided to leave. But for those large tribes, they have a lot of stuff to settle due to their many enterprises. Thus, they usually attend the second half of the heroes assembly."


 "Supreme elder is wise, that is indeed so." Ge Guang started bootlicking.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: "Crescent lake’s aquatic plants are beautiful, we will stay here for the time being, we should be internalizing our gains from the battles now instead of travelling."


 "Yes lord." Ge Guang heaved a sigh of relief, they had such intentions in their earlier discussions.


 Ge tribe was now like a fat man who had eaten too much, they could not walk. These eight days, they had been expanding the campgrounds day and night, recruiting those captives. After calculating their resources, the strength of the tribe was growing day by day.


 "Those water wolves, are they still there?" Fang Yuan asked.


 "Yes, I sent investigative Gu Masters there many times to check them out. These water wolves amount to about five thousand, at night, they will enter that water den to rest. Lord, do you really not need guards?"


 Fang Yuan snorted, replying arrogantly: "Any place with wolves will have me Chang Shan Yin. Why would I need guards?"


 Ge Guang could hear his unhappiness, thus he quickly bowed and gave way: "I wish Lord Supreme Elder all the best in your recruitment of the water wolves."


 "Mm, you will have to be careful of the matters in the tribe. Without me around, you have to take note of those Gu Masters who surrendered."


 "Yes lord."


 Fang Yuan left behind the wind wolf king, bringing the weakened turtleback myriad wolf king and eighteen thousand wolves, leaving the campsite and starting on their hunt.


 He first followed the map that Ge tribe investigators had drawn, getting close to the water den.


 Water wolves lived in the water, they ate fish as food. Often, when they were hungry, they would also come ashore to eat some rabbits or rats.


 With the arrival of the wolf group, these water wolves were immediately alerted.


 To defend their homes, the water wolves formed into a tight formation as they left the water den, staring at Fang Yuan vigilantly.


 Fang Yuan expressionlessly sat on his white-eyes wolf’s back, he waved with his hand and countless wild wolves howled as they attacked the water wolves.


 The water wolves resisted as the two sides engaged in fierce combat.


 Wolf howl Gu! Wolf smoke Gu!


 Fang Yuan made his move from the back several times, firming grasping control of the battle in his hands.


 His wolf group was larger to begin with, soon, they started killing water wolves.


 More than a thousand water wolf corpses were left on the ground, as Fang Yuan used wolf enslavement Gu to subdue more than two thousand of them, the remaining thousand escaped to the deep parts of crescent lake.


 Fang Yuan did not chase them, instead he destroyed this water den and obtained several hundred water wolf cubs.


 Next, he went to the next location.


 After destroying several wolf dens, by night time, Fang Yuan subdued over six thousand water wolves, two thousand turtleback wolves, and a thousand night wolves.


 Crescent lake had the most water wolves, but there were also some turtleback wolves, night wolves, and wind wolves.


 But the wind wolves were too fast, they were hard to catch. They often retreated at the slightest danger, Fang Yuan targeted a pack of wind wolves but they escaped quickly amidst battle.


 Wolf groups were very crafty, in order to capture them, Fang Yuan had to pay a price as well. If the cost was too high, and was greater than the benefits, he would give up on them.


 Some large water wolf groups had myriad wolf kings, Fang Yuan did not dare to attack them abruptly.


 But this time, his expedition of hunting wolves was only a cover. Now that he had acted enough, he searched for a secluded spot and surrounded himself with wolves. Next, he activated moving perspective cup Gu and contacted little Hu Immortal.


 Little Hu Immortal got the news and immediately summoned a group of starlight firefly Gu, using the starlight and green grape immortal essence to activate stargate Gu.


 Stargate Gu came in pairs, using the power of black heaven, they could traverse regions.


 Fang Yuan waited for a while, seeing the starlight in the night sky descending and gathering on his stargate Gu.


 The stargate Gu was like a blue gemstone as it flew towards the sky, when it reached mid air, the starlight exploded as a door was formed.


 This time, Fang Yuan did not enter the stargate anxiously, instead, he sent the weak and heavily injured turtleback myriad wolf king in first, as well as large numbers of injured wolves.


 The large number of wolves entered the stargate like flowing river water, disappearing.


 This way, Fang Yuan only had strong and elite wolves left with him, this greatly reduced his pressure of feeding them.


 As for those injured wolves, they would reproduce and grow in the blessed land, giving birth to healthy cubs. As time in Hu Immortal blessed land was faster, they would grow quickly and become Fang Yuan’s new source of wolves.


 After sending these wolves into Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan also entered the door.


 "Master, you asked me to check on connecting heaven Gu daily, I was very obedient and did as you said. That Lang Ya Old Immortal really appeared again and bought lots of materials in treasure yellow heaven." Little Hu Immortal was very happy upon seeing Fang Yuan, hugging his leg as she used her face to rub it, talking about the things that happened while Fang Yuan was gone.


 "Oh? Is that so, what did he buy?" Fang Yuan heard this and was energized, quickly asking.


 Little Hu Immortal took out a piece of paper from her pocket and handed it to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan looked and browsed through it, these Gu worms and materials were very familiar, they were used to refine second aperture Gu.


 What did this mean?


 Lang Ya Old Immortal was Lang Ya land spirit. He was going to refine second aperture Gu, thus, he definitely survived the second wave of attacks and had the urge to refine second aperture Gu.


 At the same time, that divine travel Gu was definitely in his hands.


 Otherwise, why would he purchase ingredients so urgently right after the second wave of attacks?


 "Lang Ya land spirit was plotted against by Old Man Yan Shi, he should be defending Lang Ya blessed land now. Although this land spirit is intelligent, he is rigid, and does not possess the ability to scheme. What am I waiting for?"


 Fang Yuan thought of this and his heart was palpitating!


 He immediately left Hu Immortal blessed land, returning to northern plains’ crescent lake.


 Next, he led the wolf group as he charged to that stone forest without rest. Using Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s entry point again, he entered Lang Ya blessed land.


 There were many new changes to Lang Ya blessed land, the twelve cloud buildings were attacked, there were much rubble and broken structures, scars from burning flames, lighting strikes, or results of frost.


 These were traces of a huge battle.


 Especially outside the buildings, on the pure white cloud soil, they were tainted with blood traces, a deer-like desolate beast with the size of a mountain was lying on the cloud soil, dead.


 Even though it lost its life, the skin was still shiny and smooth, glowing with a rainbow-like luster, it gave off a holy feeling.


 "Why are you here?" Lang Ya land spirit welcomed Fang Yuan grumpily.


 "What happened?" Fang Yuan did not answer him, instead he asked and expressed his shock.


 "Hmph, a bunch of daring scoundrels, they set their claws on this blessed land, they have all been killed!" Lang Ya land spirit’s expression was grim as his killing intent surged.


 Fang Yuan curiously looked at the land spirit: "Isn’t Lang Ya blessed land very secretive, how did they get in? Unless you opened the doors yourself..."


 "Get lost! Am I so stupid?" The land spirit howled: "These goddamn scoundrels plotted against me, they did something to the stuff I bought. I originally bought divine travel Gu to refine second aperture Gu, but during the refinement process, a passage formed and these little rats came in."


 The land spirit called them rats, but as Fang Yuan looked at the state of the twelve cloud buildings, he could guess the intensity of the battle.


 But Lang Ya blessed land was after all, Long Hair Ancestor’s old home. As the ’Number One Refinement Immortal of all time’, someone who was on equal status with two venerables, he definitely had deep foundations and many trump cards.


 The second wave of attacks could not take down this deep foundation so easily. At least, Fang Yuan knew there were twelve desolate beasts in Lang Ya blessed land, now only one had died.


 However, Old Man Yan Shi was still alive. The second wave of attacks was not the last, but the beginning. The show has just begun.


 Fang Yuan laughed: "I guessed right, you are that Lang Ya Old Immortal, you bought divine travel Gu in treasure yellow heaven. It seems you managed to protect divine travel Gu."


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed smugly: "Of course! Otherwise, that nine color spirit deer would not have died."


 Suddenly, his expression changed, as he thought of something, staring vigilantly at Fang Yuan: "Why are you here lad?"


 Fang Yuan bowed to the land spirit, replying as a matter of fact: "What else? I am obviously here to ask you to refine the second aperture Gu for me."


 "What?!" Land spirit shouted, staring at Fang Yuan furiously, his eyes about to spew fire.


 Long Hair Ancestor had failed to refine an important Immortal Gu for Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable back then, thus he made a promise to refine nine Gu worms for him without any costs, regardless of mortal or Immortal Gu.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable used six chances to receive six Immortal Gu. With three chances left, he sealed it into his inheritances to leave it to a fated person.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, this chance was taken by Ma Hong Yun. But now, Fang Yuan came here earlier and snatched this immortal opportunity.


 Earlier, he had used one of the chances to ask Lang Ya land spirit to refine stargate Gu. Now that he was here again, he was going to use the second chance to refine second aperture Gu.


 Lang Ya land spirit was formed from Long Hair Ancestor’s obsessions, he could not reject such a request.


 But in order to protect divine travel Gu, he had paid a huge choice. Seeing that the second aperture Gu was about to be successfully refined, the result was that Fang Yuan came to take it from him.


 Lang Ya land spirit was furious as he stared angrily, using a grim tone to ask Fang Yuan: "Don’t tell me you are the mastermind who planned the attack on my blessed land?"


 Fang Yuan rubbed his nose, saying innocently: "Do you think that I, a mortal, could mobilize those Gu Immortals? I only knew you had the second aperture Gu’s recipe after you bought divine travel Gu, and now that you bought a second set of materials, I came over."


 Lang Ya blessed land gritted his teeth angrily, pointing at Fang Yuan: "You humans are all devious and scheming. I killed those Gu Immortal, but to think that it was all for naught, I still ended up being scammed by you, this little lad!"


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: "This is not a scam, but a promise that you gave Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable back then. So, are you going to refine the second aperture Gu for me now?"


 Land spirit was angry and wanted to chop Fang Yuan into a million pieces, but he had no choice but to refine the Gu for him.



***
Chapter 486: Two Immortal Gu obtained!


***





 Chapter 486: Two Immortal Gu obtained!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "I want to see you refine the Gu personally." Fang Yuan had a thought as he asked the question to probe the land spirit.


 The refinement process of Gu Masters were secretive. If someone saw them, the recipe might leak out or even expose the Gu Master’s unique methods.


 "Of course, this was one of the agreements." Lang Ya land spirit agreed immediately, out of Fang Yuan’s expectations.


 Fang Yuan raised his brows, having a slight understanding.


 Back then, when Long Hair Ancestor failed in refining space escape Gu, he wasted all of the materials that Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had collected for his entire life. Among them, many Gu materials were extremely rare and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable only managed to get them out of pure luck.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable was a rank nine Demon Venerable, to repay his losses, as well as saving his reputation, Long Hair Ancestor agreed to refine Gu for him.


 Allowing Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable to view the entire refinement process, was not only to expose the recipe to pay back the Demon Venerable, it also proved his innocence — you saw the whole process. If the refinement fails, it has nothing to do with me!


 But now right, there were no such concerns left.


 Land spirits were formed from the blessed land’s heavenly power, the obsessions of the Gu Immortals before death. They did not have vile thoughts, they were candid and straightforward.


 However, Lang Ya land spirit was formed from the number one refinement immortal, Long Hair Ancestor, even though he lost most of his memories, he retained most of Long Hair Ancestor’s refinement talent and attainments.


 Observing the land spirit refining Gu was a huge benefit to Fang Yuan.


 "I had refined second aperture Gu before. This time, I will observe the land spirit’s techniques and gain some experience to improve myself. Maybe, I would get to see a trace of Long Hair Ancestor’s glamor back in ancient times." Fang Yuan was looking forward to this Gu refinement.


 Lang Ya land spirit waved his hand and teleported him to a huge hall.


 This hall was really big, the diameter of it was at least ten li. There were all sorts of equipment, there were green copper cauldrons, red steel furnaces, rainbow water tanks, and even cave houses.


 When Gu Masters refine Gu, they need the help of their equipment as well.


 The equipment in this hall was like a comprehensive exhibition, it was a huge eye-opener to Fang Yuan.


 Although he had five hundred years of experience due to rebirth, he spent about three hundred years wandering and fighting his way up to the top, he only managed to hold his own and freely roam the world to achieve his grand aspirations in his last two hundred years.


 During that period, although he explored many other Gu paths, he had to resist the earthly calamities as well as manage his forces, all while gathering his Immortal Gu refinement materials, he was very busy and overwhelmed. Although his foundation in refinement path could surpass the mortal realm, among Gu Immortals, he was only second or third-rate. There was no comparison to a legend like Long Hair Ancestor.


 "This is my Earth-grade Room C Gu refinement hall." Lang Ya land spirit introduced, as Fang Yuan’s expression changed upon hearing it.


 The land spirit would not lie, such a grand hall was only one of the many Gu refinement halls in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Earth-grade Room C ... how many of such halls did this blessed land have?


 At this moment, the land spirit waved.


 At an instant, a few thousand hairy men appeared in the hall.


 These hairy men were teleported over with a stunned expression, but they soon kneeled on the ground, shouting: "The hairy men greets Lang Ya Old Immortal!"


 They spoke at the same time, as their voices echoed in the hall.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s face showed some affection as he said: "Children, you may get up."


 He then waved his hand, and sent the Gu refinement materials over to them: "Today, we are refining an Immortal Gu, use the Gu recipe that I gave you to do it."


 The hairy men were obviously experienced in such matters.


 Upon hearing that they were refining an Immortal Gu, the hairy men were stirred as they showed an excited expression.


 But immediately after, they calmed down and started researching the recipe in their hands before starting the Gu refinement.


 Several thousand hairy men refining Gu at once, this was not the first time Fang Yuan had seen this.


 Among the variant men, hairy men were most skilled at refining Gu, they were born with the talent for it. According to the records in <>, back in the immemorial era, the hairy men started to refine Gu, even tying up Ren Zu’s first son Verdant Great Sun, attempting to use him to refine eternal Gu.


 Hairy men refine Gu using their talent and inspiration, they worked casually and did not have the trace of toolwork left by human Gu Masters.


 At Gu Immortal stage, having already surpassed mortals, to aid them in refining Gu, they would raise a number of hairy men. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he had kept some of them in his blessed land as well.


 But that was blood sea blessed land, the environment was harsh and many batches of hairy men died, causing his interest in raising them to disappear.


 After Fang Yuan became a Gu Immortal, he had gathered a large number of hairy men to refine Gu in bulk for his demonic sect.


 Precisely because of his own experiences, he could tell that the hairy men here were not ordinary.


 These hairy men were simply too well raised.


 Look at their hair and skin, they were clear and shiny, their eyes has spirit and their faces were energetic, it showed that they lived in a good environment and had never been tortured by Lang Ya land spirit.


 Most importantly, these hairy men were very agile and moved quickly, each of them were great experts in Gu refinement.


 During the Gu refinement process, a few old hairy men even gave their suggestions to tweak the recipe!


 Looking at their casual movements, Fang Yuan’s heart was pounding.


 Such a group of hairy men, if they were sold in treasure yellow heaven, they would be the elite of elite slaves. There would be at least 21 meters of treasure light, those Gu Immortals would fight for them.


 These hairy men had shocking attainments, most of them were refinement masters. Several of the old hairy men who could suggest the tweaking of the recipe were already refinement grandmasters!


 Right now, Fang Yuan was still barely a refinement master.


 With such skilled subordinates, the refinement process was faster than Fang Yuan’s refinement on San Cha mountain by more than ten times.


 These hairy men made the half-done product and handed it over to the old hairy men for inspection before giving it to Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit quickly collected the half-done products, and after checking them, destroyed a few pieces and made the hairy men refine them again.


 After several tries, Lang Ya land spirit was finally satisfied and started doing it himself, easily getting the half-done product of second aperture Gu.


 This was the same as the half-done version that Fang Yuan had right now.


 But Fang Yuan knew that the one in Lang Ya land spirit’s hands was way higher in quality.


 Eventually, Lang Ya land spirit took out divine travel Gu.


 This divine travel Gu’s surface was damaged, it was filled with injuries and Fang Yuan’s heart jumped upon seeing that.


 "Lad, it is still not too late to change your mind." Lang Ya land spirit stopped his actions, urging Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan frowned, after thinking through it, he laughed: "No, please continue."


 "Scheming fellow, I couldn’t hide it from you!" Lang Ya land spirit cursed, pinching his nose as he teleported several Gu worms over along with some precious materials.


 Fang Yuan stared with wide opened eyes, he only recognised two of them, they were precious items that increased the chances of success in Gu refinement. If they were placed in treasure yellow heaven, the treasure light would hit 18 meters!


 Lang Ya land spirit’s every movement attracted countless gazes.


 The hairy men were watching in awe as their bodies shivered, their eyes were full of extreme reverence.


 Fang Yuan watched with great anticipation, when Lang Ya land spirit refined the Gu, it moved as smooth as water, there were no unnecessary movements or any atmosphere of panic.


 Lang Ya land spirit displayed exemplary control, Fang Yuan gained a lot of insights.


 Although he wanted to continue watching like this, Fang Yuan bit his lips and forced himself to snap out of it, starting to execute his plan.


 He sat down cross-legged, and took out two Gu that he had prepared prior to this.


 One was clear mind Gu, the other was awaken cloud Gu.


 These two Gu were rank four, after Fang Yuan injected primeval essence into them, they started working.


 Clear mind Gu turned into a breeze, entering his brain. The cotton-like awaken cloud Gu turned into a small white cloud and floated about Fang Yuan’s head.


 Fang Yuan stared at the light lump that Lang Ya land spirit was manipulating while bringing out four top quality wines.


 With connecting heaven Gu to enter treasure yellow heaven, it was easy for him to gather top quality wines. For this moment, he prepared at least fourteen different wines.


 Sensing Fang Yuan’s movement, Lang Ya land spirit snorted in displeasure, but did not do anything to him.


 Fang Yuan sighed inwardly in relief, ignoring the piercing light that made his tears flow, he stared at the light lump intently.


 Finally, he saw divine travel Gu turn into flowing water as it mixed with the other materials.


 Fang Yuan quickly took out the wine vats and gulped the liquor.


 At the same time, an intense feeling of tipsiness assaulted him.


 Fang Yuan quickly activated clear mind Gu, forcing himself awake as clarity was restored in his mind. At the same time, awaken cloud Gu rumbled and ensured that his mind was at its peak condition.


 After drinking four wines, Fang Yuan was still clear-headed, but he realized that nothing had happened yet.


 The light was still transforming, it had expanded by many times already since the start, it was larger than an elephant.


 "It seems that divine travel Gu has not disappeared yet, Immortal Gu are unique, I have to continue drinking." Fang Yuan took out another vat and unsealed it, gulping the content.


 The light lump shrunk, as Lang Ya land spirit’s expression became more serious as it held the light lump.


 A moment later, after Fang Yuan drank the eighth wine, his vision was already turning blurry.


 At this moment, in Lang Ya land spirit’s hand, the light lump expanded and shrunk in intervals, after three to five times, it settled, becoming second aperture Gu!


 The moment second aperture Gu was formed, Fang Yuan’s body shuddered as all the drunkenness in his body gathered like the merging of rivers into the sea, condensing into one point.


 Out of nowhere, a divine opportunity descended as the Dao mark formed, causing this point to explode into one Gu — divine travel Gu!


 Second aperture Gu.


 Divine travel Gu.


 Two Immortal Gu obtained at the same time!


 Fang Yuan became completely sober as he stood up excitedly, laughing heartily.


 "A truly profound scheme!" Lang Ya land spirit looked at Fang Yuan with an expression of fatigue, its body was also turning hollow and weak.


 Fang Yuan was the person who obtained Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance, although Lang Ya land spirit wanted divine travel Gu, it could not attack Fang Yuan.


 The hairy men stared at Fang Yuan with furious, disdainful eyes.


 This vile human dared to plot against our beloved and supreme lord Lang Ya Old Immortal!


 Fang Yuan paid these hairy men no heed, he stopped his laughter as he bowed to Lang Ya land spirit: "It was just a petty scheme, it is nowhere near graceful. Today, I had a true eye-opener, and had benefited a lot, I am shameful of my actions, but I am respectful towards you, I am willing to become your disciple."



***
Chapter 487: Immortal Gu Transaction


***





 Chapter 487: Immortal Gu Transaction


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Screw off! If accept you as my disciple, I reckon one day I will die from anger. My children are the best, giving me no worries. Now get lost, I don’t want to see you." Lang Ya land spirit kept on waving his hand, refusing Fang Yuan’s request to be his disciple without hesitation.


 He could have obtained the second aperture Gu, but Fang Yuan plotted against him and made him offer the successfully refined second aperture Gu readily along with losing the divine travel Gu.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, not minding the land spirit’s refusal.


 Land spirits were formed from the obsessions of the Gu Immortals; they were simple and biased, their refusal now meant they would still refuse in the future.


 "Such a pity, I originally intended to give divine travel Gu to you as our apprenticeship gift."


 "Hmph, the people I don’t like the most are crafty people like you. The hairy men are still the best! I will tell you the truth, I have already taken eighteen hairy men as my disciples. In the future as well, I will only take hairymen as my disciples!"


 "Alright, give me the second aperture Gu." Fang Yuan stretched out his hand.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression turned sluggish and glanced at the Immortal Gu on his hand with reluctance. This was the Gu he wanted to refine and now he had succeeded, but he had to give it up without even getting cozy with it.


 But the agreement back then had formed a type of will that became a part of the land spirit. He was unable to violate it, and also did not intend to violate it.


 "Kid, I will remember you!" Lang Ya land spirit growled and stuffed the second aperture Gu in Fang Yuan’s hand.


 This second aperture Gu looked like a beetle with two sharp ends and a fat middle body.


 The beetle was the size of a young man’s fist. It was like blue jade, and felt soft and cool to the touch.


 There was a golden eye on its plump back. The golden eye flashed with lightning and had ample spirituality.


 "This is the Gu I took the risks for at San Cha mountain and wanted to refine by all means. I hadn’t expected I would obtain this in this way." Fang Yuan sighed, but did not use it hurriedly and stored it in his pouch first.


 Under the cooperation of Lang Ya land spirit, this second aperture Gu was already Fang Yuan’s object, but he was still not a Gu Immortal and did not have green grape immortal essence, so he could not activate it now.


 "You already have the Immortal Gu, you can leave now if you don’t want to use your final chance." Lang Ya land spirit wanted to make him leave.


 Fang Yuan, however, took out divine travel Gu and waved it in front of Lang Ya land spirit with a smile: "You don’t want this Immortal Gu?"


 Lang Ya land spirit’s brows raised: "What, you want to sell it?"


 He had connecting heaven Gu and could connect to treasure yellow heaven to buy all kinds of Gu refinement materials. Even the human apertures required to refine second aperture Gu could be obtained by buying enslaved Gu Masters and killing them.


 Second aperture gu was an expendable Gu; it would disappear after Fang Yuan used it.


 Lang Ya land spirit could completely refine another. Of course, the precondition was that he needed to have divine travel Gu. Without divine travel Gu, he would never be able to refine second aperture Gu.


 Fang Yuan, however, did not directly answer and instead asked: "Tell me, if I use another second aperture Gu, can I have a third aperture?"


 "Hmph, keep on dreaming." Lang Ya land spirit immediately scoffed, "This is the second aperture Gu, not the third aperture Gu. You want to form a third aperture? Then go refine the recipe for third aperture gu!"


 Fang Yuan nodded and said sincerely: "I also thought so."


 The land spirit would not deceive him just because it wanted the divine travel Gu. At the same time, he also knew second aperture Gu’s recipe, so he had already deduced this.


 He asked this just to confirm it.


 With this, the divine travel Gu and the semi-finished second aperture Gu with Fang Yuan had lost their use.


 Fang Yuan already possessed a second aperture Gu; he was a lone force and did not have any trusted aide to support, so he did not need another second aperture Gu.


 Moreover, when he observed the land spirit’s Gu refinement process just before, he knew the final step was extremely dangerous! The light ball’s inflation and contractions required extremely strong control which required at least thousand man soul to maintain.


 How could Immortal Gu be so easy to refine? Fortunately, back at San Cha mountain, Fang Yuan did not set his heart in refining the second aperture Gu after rebirth. Otherwise, with his strength back then, he would absolutely have had a terrible ending. Just the backlash could put him on the brink of death.


 Of course, he could also sell them at treasure yellow heaven.


 But if he did so, he would attract Old Man Yan Shi’s attention and expose many of his trump cards. At the same time, the things he got might be tampered with by other Gu Immortals.


 Transacting with Lang Ya land spirit was different.


 At least, the land spirit would not give him shoddy goods, and also had robust financial resources, so he could buy divine travel Gu to refine Gu.


 Last but not least, Fang Yuan could also avoid revealing himself, thus it was very secure.


 "Land spirit, take a look at what this is." Fang Yuan thought for a while before directly taking out the semi-finished second aperture Gu that he had personally refined.


 This semi-finished product had a vague appearance like a semi-finished pottery, with no hints of life.


 It was like a piece of grey stone that was carved into a beetle. Its big belly looked elegant with sharp head and tail, but no antennas or legs.


 Although its appearance was similar to the real second aperture Gu, they clearly could not be compared because of qualitative difference.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes could not help but brighten when he saw this semi-finished product: "To think you had actually reached such a stage. But the most difficult step in refining second aperture Gu is the final step. The steps before it, can be refined by the refinement path Gu Masters at master level."


 The land spirit’s tone carried a trace of joy.


 Fang Yuan had divine travel Gu and also the semi-finished product. If he could get them both, then only the final step would be remaining to refine second aperture Gu.


 To Lang Ya land spirit, this temptation was hard to resist."Speak, what do you want?" Lang Ya land spirit removed his burning gaze and looked at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan looked at the divine travel Gu on his right hand and immediately said: "Immortal Gu are priceless, so of course I want to exchange it with another Immortal Gu. This is the old rule in transacting Immortal Gu."


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression immediately fell: "Although it is the old rule, it is not suitable for our situation. First of all, divine travel Gu is not practical and can only be used as an escape means as a last resort. In case it teleported the Gu Master to the depths of a volcano or to the depths of the earth, it would simply be finding one’s doom. Secondly, I will be using divine travel Gu to refine Gu. But what use can second aperture Gu be for a land spirit like me?"


 Fang Yuan was happy; the land spirit’s gaze was fixed on the divine travel Gu when he was haggling over the price. Although he sounded unyielding, his expression betrayed his thoughts.


 "Land spirit, you are too stingy. I know Lang Ya blessed land has many Immortal Gu. Divine travel Gu is a rank six Immortal Gu, I won’t be greedy and only want to exchange it for a rank six Immortal Gu."


 The land spirit shook his head repeatedly and said many things, but Fang Yuan did not loosen up. The land spirit gradually felt anxious and fury filled his expression. He looked like he wanted to eat Fang Yuan alive.


 When Fang Yuan saw that the time was right he said: "Let’s do this then, I shall take a step back and exchange for one of your expendable type rank six Immortal Gu. When I have used this Immortal Gu, you can then refine it again, right?"


 The land spirit’s expressions relaxed; Fang Yuan taking the step back first gave him a satisfying feeling of victory.


 He snorted few times and raised his head, looking arrogantly at Fang Yuan: "Alright, we shall do it like that."


 He then spread out his hands and brought five Immortal Gu out of nowhere.


 "Lang Ya blessed land’s foundation is really strong." Fang Yuan sighed inwardly - he was suddenly stupefied when he looked at them.


 "I want this Immortal Gu." Fang Yuan’s expression was slightly strange as he pointed to one Immortal Gu among them.


 This Immortal Gu was none other than Immortal Gu Gruel Mud, the perpetrator in causing Dang Hun mountain to slowly die. He had not thought Lang Ya land spirit would refine it.


 The two sides quickly completed the transaction. Fang Yuan obtained the Immortal Gu Gruel Mud; he did not put it in his aperture, but stored it in his pouch for the moment.


 "I used all my mental and physical efforts for this semi-finished product, you will be saving great expenses by getting it. We are both familiar with each other now, I will sell it to you cheap; I only need one thousand hairy men. I won’t be greedy, you can give me those old hairy men that refined the Gu just before as well."


 "Bullshit!" The land spirit was fuming with anger, "You think I am a three year old kid? Those hairy men are at least of master level in Gu refinement, the treasure light if they are put in treasure yellow heaven will be at least seventy feet high!"


 Fang Yuan snickered, he really coveted these hairy men. These hairy men would be of enormous help to him.


 "Alright, I don’t want a thousand, eight hundred will do."


 "Bullshit eight hundred, all these hairy men are my children, I won’t sell a single one!" Lang Ya land spirit roared in anger.


 "All things have a price. We can still discuss!"


 "Not for sale means not for sale! If you mention this again, you can take your semi-finished product with you, I am not buying it."


 Fang Yuan was inwardly shocked at Lang Ya land spirit’s firm attitude. He had dropped down the price to the bottom and Lang Ya land spirit would clearly have profited, but he still did not agree to sell the hairy men. It seems he really had emotional attachments to the hairymen.


 This situation was not strange.


 Many Gu Immortals raised variant humans in their blessed land like raising pets. They would see their growth and even expend many efforts in raising them. And when they died, the Gu Immortals would also shed tears because of heartache.


 Of course, this situation would never happen to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan felt a pity at not being able to buy these hairy men, so he changed his request: "Since it is so, then I want to exchange for wolf enslavement Gu’s recipes."


 There were large numbers of recipes in Lang Ya blessed land. After gathering them from ancient times until now, one could even say they were as vast as the sea.


 It was impossible for it to not have common recipes like that of wolf enslavement Gu.


 Fang Yuan had been wanting to purchase these recipes all along, but ever since he discovered the existence of Old Man Yan Shi, he had been restraining his actions in yellow treasure heaven.


 Wisdom path Gu Masters were experts at deductions, but deductions need a foundation and require large amounts of information. With these information as the base, they could then deduce and predict the outcome.


 If Fang Yuan wantonly bought wolf enslavement Gu recipes from yellow treasure heaven, it was hard to guarantee that Old Man Yan Shi would not be be able to deduce something.


 "Take them. These are the recipes for rank one to rank five wolf enslavement Gu." Lang Ya land spirit handed a large stack of recipes to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan skimmed over them and saw that there were eight types of recipes just for the rank five wolf enslavement Gu recipe. They used different materials and different procedures to obtain the similar Gu worm. And there were even more types of rank one to rank four wolf enslavement Gu recipes.


 "This transaction is worth it!" Fang Yuan was inwardly happy.


 "Transaction is finished, you can leave now." Lang Ya land spirit impatiently waved his hand.


 Fang Yuan, however, smiled: "No hurry, no hurry, I still have a transaction you will definitely be interested in."


 "Hmph, young man, don’t talk big. There are not many things that can interest this old man in this world." Lang Ya land spirit stroked his beard and said with pride.


 "What I am transacting this time is information. This information is about the time I will use the second aperture Gu."


 Lang Ya land spirit’s expression turned sluggish and looked dazedly at Fang Yuan, his brows deeply furrowed and looked at Fang Yuan with intense disdain and hatred: "You, how can you be so despicable and shameless!? Aren’t there any limits to the degradation of your morals?!"


 "Hahaha." Fang Yuan laughed loudly, "Could it be you are not interested in this information?"


 Lang Ya land spirit immediately felt like he had been raped and he still had to bear the humiliation to apologize to the criminal.


 Could he not be interested?


 The second aperture Gu was an Immortal Gu and Immortal Gu were unique. If Fang Yuan never used it, then he would forever be unable to refine another second aperture Gu.


 "How do you want to sell it?" The land spirit endured the impulse to beat up Fang Yuan and asked, swallowing his anger.


 Fang Yuan narrowed his eyes, sharp rays of light flickering in them: "I won’t take advantage of you, so I want to exchange information for information. I want to know all the information about the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building in Imperial Court blessed land."


 "Eighty-Eight True Yang Building? You actually know that this Immortal Gu house has something to do with me!?" The land spirit was shocked.



***
Chapter 488: Ma Ying Jie


***





 Chapter 488: Ma Ying Jie


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Thud Thud Thud.....


 A series of hurried sounds came from afar.


 Soon, a group of Gu Masters riding terror claw horses came to the swamp.


 Terror claw horses had bloodshot eyes with fangs and were carnivorous.


 They did not have any hair on its body. The skin was tight and their muscles were clearly visible, giving a feeling of strength that could not be underestimated. The most peculiar point was that they did not have horse hooves, but instead had four long sharp claws.


 There were also webbings connecting the claws, so terror claw horse were not only suitable for climbing but could also move freely at swamps.


 "Lord elders, they have passed through here towards that direction." An investigative Gu Master’s eyes flickered with red light as he scanned all around and reported.


 A young Gu Master at the side immediately frowned and anxiously said: "Not good, uncle! If we continue along this way, we will reach rocks pool over there. Once they cross rocks pool, they will be out of warm pond valley. It will be difficult to kill them then."


 "Relax, Fei Qing has been struck by your dad’s poison Gu and is in imminent crisis, moreover he is bringing his child with him. The further he moves with his ghost cloud, the more the poison will worsen. Hehe, he won’t be able to run far. Let’s continue our chase!"


 The elders laughed and waved their hand, continuing the chase.


 After they chased into the sparse woods, the swamp they had been standing at suddenly surged and a yellowish silkworm drilled out.


 The silkworm was broken from the inside and two people walked out; a middle-aged Gu Master and a child.


 The two looked in a very miserable state and gasped for breath as they dropped to the ground.


 "We finally deceived them." The middle aged Gu Master, Fei Qing, had a purple hue all over his face; the poison had spread deep.


 His movement Gu — the swift ghost cloud Gu, had been tampered with. Fei Qing had been feeling something wrong when they were chased all the way, thus he immediately gave up the swift ghost cloud Gu and let it fly away. After that, he took his son and hid within the swamp.


 But with this, he lost his movement ability and his body was also poisoned; there was no longer any hope to escape.


 "Fei Chang you despicable person! For the clan leader position, you actually secretly poisoned me, your own cousin! Damn it you abomination...."


 Fei Qing got more angry the more he thought about it; under this desperation and with fury filling his heart, he suddenly spurted out a mouthful of green blood.


 "Father, father! Are you okay? You need to hang on." The child started weeping when he saw the blood and threw himself into Fei Qing’s chest.


 "Son..." Fei Qing’s despairing eyes showed a trace of hope and resolution.


 He lovingly looked at his only heir and rubbed the small head: "Little Cai, father can’t go on. Fei Chang has plotted deeply, I can only deceive him this one time. Not long later, he will definitely find something wrong and return back. Leave quickly, father will hold off these people for you. Go along that small path I told you of, and perhaps you can survive on."


 "No, father, I want to leave with you. Let’s run together... father, I beg you..." The son, Fei Cai, weeped in grief.


 Fei Qing was feeling very anxious, so he roused his spirits and grabbed Fei Cai’s shoulders: "Little Cai, don’t cry. Northern Plains men can shed blood but not tears. You need to have confidence, in your body flows Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s bloodline, you are a member of the Huang Jin family. The bloodline in you is thick and rarely seen. You have the qualifications to enter Eighty-Eighth True Yang Building."


 " Cough, cough ...." Green blood continued to seep out from Fei Qing’s mouth and nose, "Little Cai, take care of yourself. If you have a chance in the future to enter Imperial Court blessed land, go to Eighty-Eighth True Yang Building and obtain the grace Ancestor Giant Sun left behind for the later generations. Only then can you avenge me!"


 "Father...."


 "Leave, it will be too late if you delay any longer!"


 Fei Qing pushed his son; Fei Cai took back several steps, helplessly looking at his father with tears filled face.


 "Leave quickly!" Fei Qing growled.


 Fei Cai wiped away his tears before tears immediately fell down. He fiercely gnashed his teeth, turned around and ran.


 "Son, father has done his best, as long as you can escape the evil clutches..." Fei Qing sat on the ground and looked at Fei Cai’s receding figure; but soon his eyes gradually widened.


 "Fool, stop!" Fei Qing could not help straightening up his upper body and shouting at his son.


 "Fa... father..." Fei Cai had only run a few steps before he heard Fei Qing’s shout; he gazed back with doubt.


 Veins popped out of Fei Qing’s forehead as he shouted: "You idiot, I told you to run towards north-west direction. Why are you running towards south-east? Are you thinking of going back to the tribe camp to look for your own death?!"


 "Ah, ah!" Fei Cai quickly changed direction.


 But Fei Qing soon shouted again: "You dunce, that is south-west direction!"


 Fei Cai quickly changed direction again, moving towards the correct path, and only then did Fei Qing let out a breath of turbid air.


 "Sigh...." The middle aged Gu Master helplessly sighed. His son had thick bloodline, but was somewhat of an idiot and moreover had a really poor sense of direction. Could he truly escape to see the day?


 Thinking of Fei Chang’s deep conspiracy, Fei Qing did not have big hope, but he had done what he could do, now it all depended on the heavens.


 After a while, like Fei Qing expected, Fei Chang returned with a gloomy face, leading three Gu Masters on their terror claw horse.


 "Fei Qing, hmph, you were sure enough hiding here!" Fei Chang’s voice was gloomy and hoarse; his gaze as sharp as a knife, not concealing the dense killing intent within.


 "To think I would die by a vile character like you." Fei Qing scoffed with disdain; right now, his body was already paralyzed and could not budge.


 Fei Chang snickered coldly, and said with an expression like that of a cat playing with a mouse: "I won’t kill you so quickly. Fei Qing, Aren’t you noble and aloof? Wait till I capture your son, I will let you witness your son being tortured and killed. Hehehe..."


 Fei Qing couldn’t keep his calm anymore and stared furiously: "Fei Chang, you are his senior, to think you actually can be so vicious!"


 "Hmph, when you cut grass, if you don’t root it out, then it can grow again when the spring wind arrives. Men, bring Fei Qing to me." Fei Chang ordered; the Gu Masters beside him immediately moved and bound Fei Qing tightly, then using a hemp rope, they dragged him on the ground.


 "Hehehe, Fei Qing, get a good taste of the mud. Chase, we must find that kid and kill him!" Fei Chang laughed loudly, full of satisfaction.


 Fei Chang was thinking: Since Fei Qing was caught, catching that stupid kid would be an easy matter.


 But reality was different.


 Fei Chang came to the rocks pool, but he did not find anyone besides his men.


 "F*ck, this kid didn’t run towards here? Speak, where did he go?" Fei Chang asked in a chilly voice.


 Fei Qing had been dragged all the way, his body was badly battered and had already lost his consciousness.


 Fei Chang kicked him awake, but he only got Fei Qing’s ridiculing gaze.


 Fei Chang laughed sinisterly: "You think I won’t know if you don’t speak?"


 Saying so, his eyes let out a weird light that shone on Fei Qing’s body. Fei Qing’s body shuddered, his soul immediately receiving heavy injuries.


 Soul search Gu!


 Fei Chang stretched out his bony right hand and grabbed Fei Qing’s head before closing his eyes and agitating his primeval essence.


 Fei Qing’s body shuddered and started foaming. The two Gu Masters at the sight kept quiet in fear.


 In an instant, Fei Chang opened his eyes; his face had paled and his gaze was blurred.


 This rank three soul search Gu could search a portion of the memories stored in the soul. But it had a lot of restrictions; first the memories it obtained would be very disordered and secondly it could not be frequently used, otherwise it could confuse the soul and make one have blurred consciousness; thus could be extremely harmful to oneself.


 Fei Chang had grievances with Fei Qing for a long time and also knew Fei Cai had a thick bloodline; he could only be at ease when he personally killed the kid. Thus, he did not stint on using soul search Gu.


 "So there was a hidden path nearby. Hmph!" Fei Chang smiled proudly; he was fortunately able to search the memories he wanted.


 He turned around his horse and immediately moved towards that hidden path.


 But when they arrived at this place, he could not find any traces of a person.


 "How can this be? That kid is still not of age and has not opened his aperture yet, is only a mortal. It is impossible for him to hide from my investigative Gu. Could it be the memories I plundered is only a part of the crucial point?" Fei Chang scouted once more and saw the narrow road in the bushes; his face became very cloudy.


 Wooo Woooo....


 Right at this time, a deep and powerful bugle horn sounded from outside the warm pond valley.


 Fei Chang and the rest immediately paled.


 "Lord elders, lord elders, please go back to reinforce the troops! Ma tribe has brought a huge army, starting a war without any notice. The tribe is already is a state of emergency!" A Gu Master hurried over on a flying bird with the information.


 "What?!" Fei Chang was extremely surprised, just as the Fei tribe’s internal disorder had started, Ma tribe came to invade, this timing was too coincidental!


 ’If there is no Fei tribe, then what meaning would there be in taking the Fei tribe’s tribe leader position? Defend, defend to death, we must defend! Warm pond valley is easy to defend and hard to attack, Ma tribe’s army retreat isn’t impossible. Right, I still have hope!’ Thinking of this, Fei Chang immediately threw Fei Cai off his mind, then hurriedly rushed to the tribe camp.


 However, Ma tribe’s invasion had been planned in advance. They took advantage of Fei tribe’s internal disorder and ambushed.


 Fei tribe might have the advantage of occupying warm pond valley, but they finally could not resist Ma tribe’s strong and huge wave of soldiers.


 Right as Fang Yuan entered Lang Ya blessed land, a great event occured in Northern Plains -


 A large scale force of the Huang Jin family — Fei tribe that were occupying warm pond valley was exterminated!


 No doubt this news would create a huge influence in the whole Northern Plains.


 On a slope, Ma tribe’s higher-ups were observing the ruined Fei tribe camp from their war horses.


 These people were circling around a young man, like the stars surrounding the moon.


 Seeing batch after batch of goods being stored in the carts and groups of captives being escorted away, Ma tribe’s higher ups had a joyous expression.


 One rank three Gu Master elder cupped his fists towards the young man in the center: "Congratulations to young master! It was all because of young master’s plan to drive a discord and create internal disorder in Fei tribe that we could so easily capture warm pond valley, swallow Fei tribe and establish great merits for the tribe!"


 This young man was Ma tribe’s young tribe leader Ma Ying Jie.


 He had a wide back with thin waist, sharp brows and bright eyes, a heroic spirit and a cultivation of rank four middle stage. He was an enslavement path Gu Master with some fame, also called Little Ma Zun!



***
Chapter 489: The debate about Chang Shan Yin


***





 Chapter 489: The debate about Chang Shan Yin


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 They won but Ma Ying Jie did not show any arrogance, instead he said: "Warm pond valley is easy to defend and hard to attack, possessing large areas of warm pools. The great blizzard is about to come and this place is a naturally protected place. By obtaining it, my tribe has a base of operations. We can advance while attacking or defend if we retreat!"


 "But the thing I am even more happy about is obtaining over two hundred thousand terror claw horses. With these horses, uncle can greatly raise his horse group’s scale and increase my Ma tribe’s supreme might in the coming heroes assembly!"


 His uncle was none other than one of the current three great enslavement masters - Ma Zun!


 When Ma Zun was mentioned, all the Ma tribe’s Gu Masters showed admiration.


 "Before we left, uncle had told me: It was not easy for our Ma tribe to become a large scale tribe. Only after several hundred years of accumulation, efforts and extraordinary fortune, were we able to reach this state. But as the tribe grows, defending this foundation is becoming more difficult. Even by striking warm pond valley, we have only obtained a base to preserve the fire. The only way to preserve the whole tribe is to advance a step further; that is to enter the Imperial Court!"


 Ma Ying Jie looked at everyone before continuing: "Imperial Court blessed land is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s grace left to his descendants. Especially that Eighty Eight True Yang Building, which has the inheritance of the Immortal Venerable! Uncle said my bloodline has already fulfilled the criteria to enter Eighty Eight True Yang Building. If I can obtain Immortal Venerable’s inheritance and later become a Gu Immortal, our Ma tribe will become the new super tribe of northern plains!"


 "Super tribe..."


 This phrase immediately caused the Ma tribesmen to show a spellbound look.


 "Young tribe leader, you are a once in a hundred years genius of our tribe. Our tribe’s future lies on your shoulders."


 "Lord Ma Zun might be taciturn, but he really cares about the tribe in his heart and has a far foresight...."


 "Being able to witness everything and fight with young tribe leader is my lifetime’s glory!"


 "Young tribe leader, lead us to brilliance."


 Ma tribe’s Gu Masters cheered excitedly.


 Ma Ying Jie smiled.


 In truth, Ma Zun had never said anything like this, and these words were all his own fabrication.


 Borrowing Ma Zun’s prestige, Ma Ying Jie added light and color to his name. Just think! Even Ma Zun looked so highly of him, so the others would have to be blind to not support him.


 Ma Ying Jie was also not worried that Ma Zun would tear apart this name after he knew of this.


 Ma Zun was an eccentric; he spoke extremely few times even as a child, his silence almost made his parents think he was a mute.


 Ma Zun loved horses and was jokingly called ’horse maniac’ and ’horse fool’ by the tribesmen when he was young.


 He had a reclusive nature and never married in his life. He only loved horses and would live with them all year round, with not even a slightest bit of interest and concern towards worldly powers and affairs.


 Ma Ying Jie’s gaze brightened like stars: "All of you are the pillars of my Ma tribe, with many outstanding points that are worth for me, Ma Ying Jie, to learn. I am still young, Ma tribe cannot be supported by me alone. In the future, I hope to rely on everyone’s help."


 "What is young tribe leader saying!"


 "Young lord’s words make us blush with shame."


 "Over these years, young tribe leader’s performance has deeply entered our hearts. We will definitely follow you!"


 The group of Ma tribesmen quickly agreed.


 Ma Ying Jie continued: "Although uncle Ma Zun has entrusted his hope on me, we still need to look at destiny to obtain the Immortal Venerable’s inheritance in Eighty Eight True Yang Building. But even if I can get it, there are many inheritances left all over the Imperial Court blessed land besides the True Yang building. Thus, all the tribes who have had entered the Imperial Court throughout history, had a huge raise in their strength. Every time I think about this, I cannot help feeling excited."


 The tribesmen laughed heartily.


 "Not just excitement, even my saliva drips out every time I think of it."


 "Haha, young tribe leader does not need to have too much pressure. If we lose, we can come back again. Our Ma tribesmen are warriors who will never surrender!"


 Imperial Court blessed land was similar to Tian Ti mountain in that Gu Masters often left behind their inheritances.


 Northern Plains had a very cruel environment with there being a great blizzard every ten years; the snowy disaster engulfing the entire northern plains. The blizzard would cut through everything like knives. Many inheritances set up in the wild would be destroyed.


 Thus, setting up inheritances in Imperial Court blessed land had gradually turned into a tradition of northern plains.


 Imperial Court blessed land had many other inheritances besides the Eighty Eight True Yang Building’s Immortal Venerable inheritance, waiting for their fated person.


 Of course, this fated person had to first enter Imperial Court blessed land to be able to receive the fortuitous destiny.


 Being able to evade the blizzard and live safely, along with the inheritances spread everywhere was the reason why the struggle for Imperial Court would cause intense contests between all the tribes of the grassland.


 This contest involved the whole northern plains and was of an extremely large scale. Small scale tribes wanted to survive, mid-scale tribes wanted to advance, and large scale tribes wanted to defend their foundation. Not only righteous paths, but even demonic path Gu Masters wanted to enter the blessed land and seize the Gu Master inheritances.


 For this struggle, the heroes assembly came into existence and slowly took form till it became a firm tradition of northern plains people.


 As the great blizzard approached, all the famous regions of northern plains would hold a heroes assembly at the same time.


 "We have annihilated Fei tribe this time, it will bring us great benefits in our progress in Tian Chuan’s heroes assembly. As long as we can subjugate Cheng tribe, our Ma tribe will have a strong lead!"


 "Right, only by winning the heroes assembly, can we attract more experts and make many tribes attach to us.This is the first step of the great battle of Northern Plains, and also the most important step."


 "We are looking to enter Imperial Court blessed land, so we need to survey other regions too. Yu Tian’s, Meng Qiu’s and Cao Fu’s heroes assembly, all need to be observed closely."


 Just as Ma tribe’s higher ups were passionately discussing, a messenger Gu Master rushed in and delivered the newest intel to Ma Ying Jie.


 Ma Ying Jie’s face turned gloomy as he read the intel and shortly after, handed this intel to the group beside him.


 Everyone read it one after another, letting out small exclamations, gasps or conjectures from time to time.


 "Dong Fang tribe has already subjugated Zhao tribe; with this, they are the ruler of Cao Fu’s heroes assembly."


 "In Meng Qiu region, Nu Er tribe has actually sent Nu Er Tu, their momentum is very terrifying, I am afraid Lui tribe won’t be able to hold them off."


 "There is also an uproar in Yu Tian’s heroes assembly. The Wolf King of before, Chang Shan Yin, actually appeared!"


 "This Chang Shan Yin is really fierce, he actually led Ge tribe and challenged three tribes, even defeating Pei Yan Fei!"


 "In Yu Tian region, Hei tribe’s Hei Lou Lan and Liu tribe’s Liu Wen Wu are the elites. Now that the Wolf King has appeared, this will definitely have a big influence. It is very difficult to say what will happen in Yu Tian’s heroes assembly."


 Soon, everyone’s discussion focused on Fang Yuan.


 Chang Shan Yin’s identity had already spread for many years in northern plains. Now, suddenly, he resurrected and was causing a stir.


 Ge tribe was only an ordinary mid-scale tribe, but with Chang Shan Yin’s meddling, they were able to forcibly challenge three tribes and even defeat an expert like Pei Yan Fei.


 Especially when they made inquiries and found Ge tribe’s newly appointed tribe leader was only a rank three young Gu Master, their evaluation of Chang Shan Yin raised by several layers.


 "Every ten years, heroes emerge and vie for supremacy with monsters and freaks emerging from every corners. It is only that this time, such a great character jumped out."


 "Young tribe leader, if this Wolf King Chang Shan Yin and our tribe’s Lord Ma Zun fought, who would win?"


 Everyone could not help having some worries.


 Ma Ying Jie slightly furrowed his brows.


 If it was other path’s Gu Masters, it would be alright. But this Chang Shan Yin was an enslavement path Gu Master, an expert in fighting ten thousand with one.


 He could change the situation alone with his huge troops!


 "You have all read the intel. Enslavement path’s Gu Master’s strength depends on the scale of their beast group. Chang Shan Yin has reappeared only recently, so the beasts he has are only some ordinary turtleback wolves, night wolves and wind wolves, and also has only three myriad beast kings. One has died and another is heavily injured, how can he compare to my uncle Ma Zun?


 Ma Ying Jie coldly snorted and continued to raise the morale: "Uncle Ma Zun has a horse group with three hundred thousand horses. Adding on these terror claw horses, the scale will expand to five hundred thousand! Besides this, he also has a horse emperor, nine myriad beast kings and five mutated horses. Now say yourself, can the Wolf King be mentioned on equal terms with him?"


 The surrounding Gu Masters took a sharp breath; shocked and happy.


 "I didn’t think Lord Ma Zun’s strength would be so big!"


 "The insignificant Wolf King is like a baby when compared to Lord Ma Zun."


 "Five hundred thousand, such huge scale. It is enough to annihilate seven or eight mid-scale tribes."


 Ma Ying Jie changed the subject: "But wolf king Chang Shan Yin still cannot be underestimated. My tribe is going to become the master of Imperial Court, we will run into this person sooner or later. More importantly, in case he joins the heroes assembly and attaches himself to a Huang Jin family, he will definitely receive huge assistance. Large number of Gu Masters will help him to subdue wolf groups and urge him forward."


 The joy on everyone’s faces gradually dimmed down.


 This young Gu Master heaved a deep sigh and continued: "We have swallowed Fei tribe, this is only the first step of our journey. Next, we will be facing even more strong opponents. We need to unite together, only then can we defeat them and enter the Imperial Court."


 "Yes, young tribe leader is right."


 "Young tribe leader is wise and powerful, I am in great admiration!"


 "With the leadership of the tribe leader and young tribe leader, our Ma tribe will definitely rule the northern plains!"


 Everyone was unconsciously battered by Ma Ying Jie’s few words and became even more aligned towards Ma Ying Jie.


 This Ma tribe’s young tribe leader let out a pleased smile in his heart.


 On the surface, he showed a light and confident expression.


 "Father, you died such a miserable death..." Right at this time, a tragic cry sounded from the foot of the hill.


 This sound attracted the Ma tribesmen’s gaze.


 Ma Ying Jie looked at the battlefield where corpses strewed the battlefield; a child had thrown himself on a corpse that was filled with scars and cried very grievingly.


 "Brat, get lost. You are already my Ma tribe’s slave!" An adult man at the side beat up the child and dragged him forcibly.


 But this kid struggled with all his might and bit at the adult man’s wrist.


 The adult man screamed, loosening his hand.


 The kid scampered along the way and again threw himself at that corpse, crying bitterly.


 "Sigh..." Ma Ying Jie let out a sincere sigh, "This misery and suffering is not what I wish for, but in these troubled times, who can live well by themselves? If you don’t die, then I die. Human power is so insignificant. I will do everything I can to protect our tribe to not let the children of my Ma tribe suffer such a fate."


 "Young tribe leader is benevolent." The surrounding Gu Masters also sighed.


 Ma Ying Jie pointed down: "This kid is a loyal and filial person, but is facing this difficulty because of me. One of you, go stop him and bring him here, he will become my personal servant from now on."


 "Yes, lord." His attendants answered.


 They did not dissuade it as adopting servants was a tradition in northern plains.


 Moreover, what threat can a thirteen year old kid who had not awakened his aperture possess to their lord young tribe leader?


 "Kid, get up!" A higher up of Ma tribe stopped the adultman from beating the kid and grabbed the kid’s neck.


 The kid struggled fiercely: "No, I want to be with my father."


 "Kid, your father is already dead. Your luck is good today, my tribe’s young leader has noticed you and is taking you in as his personal servant." The Ma tribe’s higher up said with a gentle voice.


 But the kid did not listen and only kept on crying: "Father, father!"


 Suddenly, he stopped and looked sluggishly at his father’s corpse.


 "Ah! You are not my father, my father’s skin is darker than yours and his nose bridge is higher than yours, he also has some white hair...." The kid talked to himself in shock, before furiously kicking the corpse and started crying again, "Father, where are you?"


 Dark lines appeared all over every Ma tribesmen’s forehead.



***
Chapter 490: Second Aperture!


***





 Chapter 490: Second Aperture!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 While the chaotic situations converged in Northern Plains, the transaction in Lang Ya blessed land also reached the end.


 "You want the information of Eighty Eighth True Yang Building? Hmm...it is not impossible." Lang Ya land spirit muttered before looking at Fang Yuan with a sharp gaze.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s obsession was related to space escape Gu and Great Dream Immortal Venerable.


 Moreover, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already passed away and Lang Ya land spirit was also not the Long Hair Ancestor himself, but a different living entity.


 "When the Immortal Gu house was refined, only Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was there as the bystander. How could you know such a secret?" Lang Ya land spirit asked.


 Fang Yuan smiled.


 In his previous life, Ma Hong Yun entered the Eighty Eighth True Yang Building and obtained the inheritance of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Later, Ma Hong Yun was defeated and was chased until he mistakenly entered Lang Ya blessed land and obtained the destiny left behind by Demon Venerable stealing heaven. Lang Ya land spirit saw his tracks and while discussing, spoke of this secret.


 Ma Hong Yun became a Gu Immortal later on, turning into a cornerstone of the northern plains, a great hero who resisted the invasion of the Central Continent.


 In an intense conversation once, he spoke of this secret which then spread out to the world.


 Naturally, Fang Yuan would not admit this fact in front of Lang Ya land spirit.


 "I have inherited the inheritance of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable. And have many clues regarding Giant Sun Immortal Venerable as well. The reason I know of this secret is actually is from calculations and deductions," Fang Yuan answered with a slight arrogant smile appearing on his face.


 Lang Ya land spirit looked at Fang Yuan’s expression and suddenly realized something as he asked: "Are you?"


 "Yes, junior has some attainments in wisdom path." Fang Yuan casually lied with an extremely honest expression.


 Lang Ya land spirit sighed, the gaze he looked at Fang Yuan carried a complicated expression.


 Wisdom path appeared long ago; tracing back its origins, it was created three million years ago in ancient times by an almighty rank nine.


 This person was a rarely seen female venerable.


 She was called by the world as Star Constellation Immortal Venerable. She controlled heavenly court as the second generation Immortal King.


 It was rumored that she had once held wisdom Gu itself and created the wisdom path.


 Before her death, she deduced heavenly secrets and made three arrangements for the three millions years after that.


 After her death, three Demon Venerables appeared successively in human race, each charging their way to the Heavenly Court but were blocked by these three arrangements in the end.


 Being able to calculate the appearance of three venerables, one could see some grandeur of wisdom path from this.


 "Kid, you are actually able to deduce to this degree, it seems you have indeed obtained the essence of wisdom path." After learning Fang Yuan was a wisdom path Gu Master, the land spirit’s tone unexpectedly became milder.


 To this age, there were extremely few true inheritors of wisdom path, but even then no one would have contempt for wisdom path Gu Masters. Wisdom path Gu Masters were good at scheming and deductions, and many of their enemies would not even know how they died.


 Moreover, since ancient times, refinement path was closely connected to wisdom path. To comprehend the world and deduce Gu refinement recipes, Gu Masters would need to use many methods of wisdom path. Many Gu refinement masters and grandmasters would request help from wisdom path Gu Masters when they met a bottleneck in creating recipes.


 Lang Ya land spirit was disgusted with Fang Yuan’s slyness, but when he knew Fang Yuan had extraordinary achievements in wisdom path, his attitude became gentler.


 Lang Ya land spirit liked refining Gu, and naturally also liked researching and innovating Gu recipes. In this process, he would naturally encounter many obstacles which would be hard to resolve with just his wisdom.


 "Maybe I will have to request his help to deduce recipes in the future?" This thought emerged in Lang Ya land spirit’s mind.


 As the saying goes: One can be austere if he has no selfish desires.


 Since Lang Ya land spirit had some request for Fang Yuan, his attitude naturally turned better.


 He summoned a rank four east window Gu and held it.


 This gu was a rank four Gu under information path. It was like a ladybug but its carapace was square shaped like a window frame and was especially used to store information.


 Lang Ya land spirit poured his thoughts within it and loosened his hand only after a while.


 East window Gu opened up its window-like carapace and flew, making a circle in the air before flying towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sent out his thoughts and checked it; his face immediately revealed joy.


 "This is the information you wanted. Now, it is your turn." Lang Ya land spirit reminded.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: "Since second aperture Gu has formed, I also am somewhat impatient to use such a good thing. I will send you the news before I use it."


 "Slow down!" Lang Ya land spirit showed its cleverness, "How would I know till when you are going to delay it? You are a wisdom path Gu Master, you are the top in scheming, are you still thinking of using this to cheat me again? We have not transacted this east window Gu yet, hehe, with my one thought, the east window Gu on your hand will self-destruct."


 Fang Yuan frowned: "Could it be you don’t trust me?"


 Lang Ya land spirit had suspicions all over his face: "Hmph! Just the fact alone that you are the inheritor of Demon Venerable Stealing Heaven, I can’t trust you. You are so crafty and also have wisdom path methods; once you exit the blessed land, can I still be able to chase you? In case, you delay and take the chance to extort again, what would I do?"


 "Then how about you tell me what should we do?" Fang Yuan impatiently said.


 "Of course, now. Use this second aperture Gu right in front of me. Only then can I be at ease." Lang Ya land spirit stroked his grizzled beard, pleased at thinking of such a good idea.


 Fang Yuan grinned: "Heh, I am only a mere rank five now, how can I use this Immortal Gu without immortal essence? Wait till I go out of the blessed land and ask for grandpa to help me."


 "Your grandfather can help you, but I can’t? Don’t speak rubbish, lend the second aperture Gu to me, I will personally do it!"


 "This..." Fang Yuan tried to make an excuse.


 The land spirit saw this and felt that Fang Yuan had really wanted to trick him, thus his attitude became more firm.


 Fang Yuan looked like he had no choice and reluctantly let Lang Ya land spirit help.


 Lang Ya land spirit received the second aperture Gu and poured immortal essence in it before throwing it to Fang Yuan.


 This second aperture Gu turned into a bean-sized green light and flew into Fang Yuan’s body.


 Fang Yuan’s whole body shook intensely.


 The bean sized green light first poured into Fang Yuan’s navel area.


 But in there, it was rejected by Fang Yuan’s aperture and could only hop over to the center of Fang Yuan’s chest.


 Then an explosion sounded like the thunder from the sky.


 The bean-sized green light exploded and formed into a new aperture that looked both real and virtual.


 Second aperture!


 "This is second aperture?" Fang Yuan felt his chest and mumbled to himself in a daze.


 "Nonsense, what is it if not the second aperture?" Lang Ya land spirit rolled his eyes, "Second aperture has great advantages to cultivators like you, providing even greater advantage when you become Gu Immortal. But, if you are still thinking of having the third aperture Gu, that is impossible. You would have to deduce and infer this whole new third aperture Gu’s recipe."


 Fang Yuan returned to his senses and looked profoundly at Lang Ya land spirit. The other intentionally raised this topic; no doubt it meant that he wanted to cooperate and deduce the Gu recipe.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s face reddened when he saw Fang Yuan’s evident gaze.


 Fang Yuan laughed and said his goodbye to Lang Ya land spirit: "We will talk of this later, I will take my leave now."


 "Get lost, get lost!" Lang Ya land spirit repeatedly waved his hand.


 Only when Fang Yuan had completely left did Lang Ya land spirit let out a breath of relief, a trace of humiliation appearing on his face for having his intentions seen through: "This sly kid."


 But when he thought of Fang Yuan’s last words which showed the intent of cooperating, Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes flickered brightly.


 He stroked his beard and could not help falling in daydream; he had dozens and dozens more of incomplete Gu recipes.


 "Since that kid could deduce such secrets, he definitely has extraordinary achievements in wisdom path. With his help, I will be able to make some breakthrough in most of these Gu recipes, and thirteen of them could even be perfected. But just two people’s cooperation is far from enough to complete the remaining seven Gu recipes."


 ""But I need to be vigilant when I interact with this kid in the future to avoid being schemed by him. Fortunately, I was cautious today and made him use second aperture Gu on the spot, otherwise I might have been blackmailed by him again! Eh, something does not feel right... I wasted immortal essence to activate the second aperture Gu!""


 After exiting Lang Ya blessed land, Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land through stargate Gu.


 Under his management, Hu Immortal blessed land already showed many good changes.


 In the beautiful western part of the blessed land, large numbers of wolf groups and small numbers of fox groups were co-existing with each other.


 Wolf groups’ arrival might have disrupted the easy life of the fox group, but they did not disastrous casualties.


 The credit for all this went to the large numbers of iron shell flowers planted on the ground.


 Countless pink rabbits lived in this sea of iron shell flowers.


 Pink rabbits could be easily multiplied and became the main source of food of wolf groups and fox groups.


 At the eastern part, dreamy starlight pervaded the area, covering all the lakes with starry gauze.


 The wide expanse of dark clouds were planted with star fragment grass. The star fragment grass grew rapidly, and while they could only occupy the central area of the dark clouds at first, now they had already spread to the edges of the clouds.


 "Fairy Yao Guang’s planting methods are really good. Star fragment grass are the food of starlight fireflies, and at the same time their growth is rapidly increased with the help of the starlight fireflies."


 Fang Yuan repeatedly nodded his head. It was precisely because of the exchange for the starlight firefly group’s breeding insights from Star Lord Wan Xiang, Fairy Yao Guang and others, that he could avoid many detours and obtain quite a bit of gains.


 "It is only that although the starlight firefly group is also expanding, but the number of starlight firefly Gu are instead decreasing. These days, I have been repeatedly using stargate Gu, the consumption of the starlight firefly Gu is much higher than the rate of their creation."


 Fang Yuan then turned his gaze towards the lakes on the ground.


 These lakes were created by him drawing in the water in reverse to quench the fire.


 Now, many water wolves were living around these lakes. These water wolves made their nests beside the lakes, eating the blue jade crucian carps in the lakes and sometimes going ashore to devore the earth skin pigs who came to drink water.


 Blue jade crucian carps and earth skin pigs were both animals Fang Yuan purchased before. Now, large groups of them had adapted to the new environment under Little Hu Immortal’s control and became a part of the Hu Immortal blessed land’s food chain.


 Especially the earth skin pigs, its reproducing ability was stronger than even pink rabbits and could eat almost anything, including mud. The pig group’s scale was gradually expanding. If not for water wolves and poison beard wolves, the number of earth skin pigs would have been thirty to forty percent higher.



***
Chapter 491: Expansion of the wolf group


***





 Chapter 491: Expansion of the wolf group


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 What Fang Yuan was most concerned about was air bubble fish’s situation.


 The lakes where air bubble fishes were placed on was carefully selected by Little Hu Immortal. Above these three lakes were the starry clouds where there was the most dense amount of star fragment grasses and also large numbers of starlight fireflies.


 The air bubble fishes grew on these lakes where there were no water wolf groups, and even the numbers of blue crucian carps were very few.


 These three lakes were personally protected by Little Hu Immortal to let as much precious air bubble fish grow smoothly from the fish roes and mature.


 Now, there were many newly hatched fishes moving about these lakes.


 These baby fishes were similar to goldfish with round bellies, small and pointed head and tail. However, it was not brightly colored as a goldfish and was mostly milky white. It also did not have the wavy fins and tail; their tails were small and exquisite.


 Moreover, their swimming method was different from other fish species. These baby air bubble fishes were moving while bobbing up and down.


 "If there is no big change, at around the end of this year, Eastern Sea’s air bubble sea will be poisoned because of a fight between Gu Immortals. The price of air bubble fish in treasure yellow heaven will greatly increase. But I don’t have enough air bubble fishes for my own use, let alone sell them in a short period of time." Fang Yuan pondered.


 Whether it was the starlight firefly Gu or air bubble fish, they were both long term investments. It would require at least a hundred years for him to start receiving the profits.


 Regarding the knowledge in breeding air bubble fish, Fang Yuan did not buy it from outside.


 With his know-hows from his past life, he could increase the reproduction rate of the air bubble fishes by thirty percent. That is to say, he was at forefront among Gu Immortals at this.


 Fang Yuan was satisfied from this inspection.


 He praised Little Hu Immortal, causing her to feel extremely happy; her face reddened and her snow-white tail excitedly wagged.


 However, Dang Hun mountain was still in a worsening condition.


 Standing on Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan could sense a kind of dying aura. This caused Fang Yuan’s mood to become grave.


 Dang Hun mountain was the most valuable thing in the whole Hu Immortal blessed land. Starlight firefly Gu or air bubble fish could never be able to compare to it.


 Fang Yuan returned to Dang Hun palace and summoned Little Hu Immortal, activating connecting heaven Gu to link up with treasure yellow heaven.


 Just as they connected, several divine sense were transmitted.


 "Are you selling gruel mud or not?"


 "I will add a pair of hole earth Gu on top of Gu recipe."


 "Although my remnant recipe only has a treasure light of sixty-five feet, but I can give some hairy men as complementary. Everything can be discussed."


 ...


 These divine senses were all regarding the transaction for Gruel Mud.


 Fang Yuan had put large amounts of gruel mud for sale before, directly requesting Immortal Gu Gruel Mud’s recipe as the exchange. As this concerned Immortal Gu, this transaction had attracted many attention.


 "Although Gruel Mud is one of the necessary materials to refine the Immortal Gu. But the Gu recipe’s value is no doubt many times higher than Gruel Mud. These Gu recipes they want to exchange for have already reached the highest price."


 Fang Yuan took a glance and knew the time for the transaction was ripe.


 The prices everyone gave had reached the maximum amount possible with little difference between them. Fang Yuan looked at the prices but took a fancy upon one side.


 The other was called Immortal Mudfeet; his Immortal Gruel Mud remnant recipe had a sixty-five feet high treasure light.


 This level of treasure light was a bit lower than the other competing bidders. But the message he left showed he could add some hairy men to complement for this difference.


 Normally, Gu Immortals raised hairy men to help them in refining Gu.


 With the help of a large number of hairy men, Gu Immortals would not lack rank five Gu, but they would have to keep on trying for Immortal Gu.


 Treasure yellow heaven transacted slaves and hairy men were one of the most popular among them, with price that was often higher than slaves of other races. Rockmen could not even be mentioned together with them.


 Fang Yuan had already intended to buy some hairy men back at Lang Ya blessed land.


 Thus, he had been excited when he saw those hairy men at Lang Ya blessed land. Unfortunately, Lang Ya land spirit did not yield in selling them, and Fang Yuan could do nothing about it.


 Now, he required a large number of wolf enslavement Gu.


 He already obtained rank one to rank five wolf enslavement Gu recipes from Lang Ya land spirit. He only lacked these hairy men to help him refine them.


 If it was only him and Little Hu Immortal who refined the Gu, they might not be able to refine the amount he required even in two-three months.


 Immediately, Little Hu Immortal conveyed the divine sense.


 Immortal Mudfeet also happened to be present, immediately replying: "I am willing to add in ten thousand hairy men!"


 But Fang Yuan was disappointed when he looked at the goods: "Although you are giving a lot of hairy men, they are all young ones and won’t be a big help in refining Gu. What I need is the old hairy men."


 "Old hairy men? Then the quantity will be decreased." Immortal Mudfeet pondered before replying. In these years, the hairy men’s population in his blessed land had reached an excess so he was trying to get rid of a batch and was thus selling them cheaply.


 After a round of haggling, Immortal Mudfeet finally agreed to sell over three thousand old hairy men and over seven thousand young hairy men to Fang Yuan.


 For this, Fang Yuan had to add in half an immortal essence stone.


 The transaction was finished. Fang Yuan checked the remnant recipe of Immortal Gu Gruel Mud.


 The recipe was indeed damaged with only sixty percent of the contents in it. And the contents in it should moreover have been tampered by Immortal Mudfeet many times which required Fang Yuan to comb through them for the real contents.


 This was not surprising.


 Immortal Gu recipe was very precious, and if it was him who sold them, he would also tamper it like this. Although the treasure light would decrease after the tampering, the competition between Gu Immortals was precisely like this.


 "With this remnant recipe, I have a foundation to deduce the complete recipe for Immortal Gu Gruel Mud in future; it will be much easier than deducing it with no foundation! More importantly, Immortal Gu Gruel Mud is with me. As long as I don’t use it, no one will be able to refine the Gu. I can still keep on selling the gruel mud and profit."


 But he could not bring the Immortal Gu Gruel Mud to Hu Immortal blessed land for the moment. After Fang Yuan left Lang Ya blessed land, he used many methods to cover the Immortal Gu’s aura and bury it.


 This was something he had no other way to deal with.


 Before he became a Gu Immortal, he could only deal with it like this.


 Most of the Gu Immortals who purchased these gruel mud wanted to refine Immortal Gu. Unfortunately, it was impossible for them to reach their objective.


 Fang Yuan continued to put gruel mud for sale while checking the wolf groups.


 Wolves possessed very strong reproductive ability, and most of the blessed lands would get rid of the surplus every once in a while.


 Thus, there were many Gu Immortals selling wolf groups in treasure yellow heaven.


 "The wolf group suffered a huge loss in the battle with the three tribes, I need to replenish the number of myriad beast kings. Eh, someone is actually selling wolf emperor."


 Fang Yuan was pleasantly surprised.


 The structure of beast groups was quite simple, they were separately classified into - ordinary beasts, hundred beast king, thousand beast king and myriad beast king. Above myriad beast king was beast emperor.


 Rank five wild Gu resided in the beast emperor’s body. They had the battle strength of a rank five and could control myriad beast kings.


 Ying Ming and Ba Huang whom Fang Yuan used in the three kings blessed land were dog emperors. These two dog emperors were able to help him to hold off the attacks of rank five Gu Masters. Unfortunately, Fang Yuan was later occupied with escaping for his life and could not attend to them. He did not know if they were killed in the battle or were taken in by others.


 Normally speaking, very few Gu Immortals would sell beast emperors as the beast emperors were a reflection of the blessed land’s strength.


 Fang Yuan looked at the particulars and realized the reason.


 It turned out that this was an old beast emperor with wounds all over its body. The wild Gu on it were badly damaged with only two-three remaining.


 "It seems a new wolf emperor appeared in the night wolf group and fought with the old wolf emperor. This old wolf should have been killed by the young wolf emperor, but the Gu Immortal moved at the crucial time and put this old wolf emperor for sale." Fang Yuan Guessed the reason correctly.


 But even so, this old wolf emperor still got three bidders.


 Divine sense kept on exchanging and finally, Fang Yuan used two immortal essence stones to buy this old night wolf emperor along with over eighteen thousand night wolves.


 Then, Fang Yuan continued to buy thirty thousand turtleback wolves and ten thousand wind wolves; among them, there were two turtleback myriad wolf kings and one wind wolf myriad wolf king.


 Adding in the previous wolf group, Fang Yuan’s wolf group reached a hundred thousand.


 "This is the benefits of having a blessed land. I can stand on the shoulders of Gu Immortals and casually transact beast groups, instantly recovering their size and also would not have to worry about feeding or logistics problem. But a hundred thousand is still few. Ma Zun, Yang Po Ying and Jiang Bao Ya, these enslavement path masters have beast groups of at least four hundred thousand beasts. Especially Jiang Bao Ya who had over six hundred and fifty thousand beasts in his prime!"


 The heroes assembly was to begin, where heroes rose and vied for supremacy.


 Fang Yuan knew he was unable to avoid competing with these people with his identity as Chang Shan Yin.


 So he had to expand his wolf group further!


 Fang Yuan started to buy again, buying ten thousand water wolves which contained one water wolf myriad beast king and 6 thousand wolf kings.


 Then he carefully pondered for a while and finally decided on vermillion flame wolves.


 He bought eighty thousand vermillion flame wolves from different Gu Immortals.


 In northern plains, vermillion flame wolves were quite rare compared to turtleback wolves, wind wolves and night wolves.


 Vermilion flame wolf had red fur all over its body which shone like fire. They attacked fierce and quick and had flame path Gu worms on them. They could very easily destroy the grassland and create an inferno. If one could use this superiority properly, they could cause enormous casualties to the enemy.


 Fang Yuan’s plan was to have a wolf group of a hundred thousand vermilion flame wolves. He only got eighty thousand after buying from everyone, so the task of buying the remaining twenty thousand was given to Little Hu Immortal.


 "Six vermillion flame myriad wolf kings, one water wolf myriad beast king, three turtleback myriad wolf kings, two wind wolf myriad beast kings, one mutated beast white eye wolf and one night wolf beast emperor."


 Fang Yuan surmised his wolf group’s batter strength had increased by tenfold at once.


 If it were common Gu Masters without the methods of Gu Immortals, they needed the help of a large tribe to reach this stage and even then would require six-seven years of searching all over the northern plains.


 There were all sizes of wolf groups in northern plains. The small wolf groups often only had few hundreds and were not good enough. The large wolf group had tens of


 Capturing wolf groups required careful planning or it was better to not do it. A bitter victory would not work, and only by getting a decisive victory could one get the most harvests.


 Fang Yuan’s current leap to success seemed easy, but actually could be concluded as a Gu Immortal’s methods.



***
Chapter 492: Getting another mutated wolf


***





 Chapter 492: Getting another mutated wolf


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "This way, the wolf group’s numbers have hit two hundred thousand! But... this is still not enough." Fang Yuan eyes were shining with contemplation: "I do not need to gather ordinary wolves, by that time, someone will naturally bring them to me. Now, I need to prioritize on my upper-level battle strength."


 Although there were beast emperors on sale in treasure yellow heaven occasionally, they would be quickly bought by Gu Immortals after appearing for a short time.


 Fang Yuan knew that it was not realistic if he wanted to buy a few more wolf emperors. Thus, he placed his attention on mutated beasts.


 Every mature mutated beast had battle strength equivalent to a myriad beast king.


 Any first-rate enslavement path Gu Master would have a troop of mutated beasts as their trump card and ultimate force.


 For example, southern border’s King Quan had a mastiff group, Jiang Bao Ya had the mountain drilling rat group, Yang Po Ying had the thunder eagle group, and Ma Zun had the pegasus group.


 There were many wolf-type mutated beasts. At this moment, four types were sold in treasure yellow heaven.


 The first was blood forest wolf.


 This wolf had a huge body, almost like a mound. An adult standing beside it would look like a fox standing beside and elephant.


 The blood forest wolf had blood red fur, and the fur looked dry like wormwood. On each of their backs, there was a ’white forest’.


 These ’trees’ are actually the blood forest wolf’s bones, they protrude from the back and grow vertically upwards. The white bone trees have blood red leaves growing on them. As the trees grow closely to each other, it looked like a ’blood forest’.


 After a blood forest wolf gives birth, it would send the cub into the blood forest on its back, and the huge space would allow the child to live comfortable. The blood fruits on the trees would provide nutrients for the cub.


 Blood forest wolf were like mobile fortresses, although they were not fast, they had overwhelming strength. This was something not even myriad beast kings could do.


 The second type was shark fin wolf.


 This was both a land and aquatic mutated beast, it looks like an elephant but there were smooth and shiny crocodile scales on its body. At the same time, there are sharp deep blue fins on the side of their bodies. On their backs, there are rows of fins that resembles a shark’s, these fins form a line extending from the wolf’s head to its tail.


 Shark fin wolves had the greatest defense among mutated wolves, at the same time, they could fight underwater.


 The third was frenzy wolf.


 The frenzy wolf has a silver and grey body, it has three eyes and a body that was not large, around the same size as thousand beast kings.


 But those who looked down on it due to its size would often pay a terrible price.


 Once the frenzy wolf battles, it goes into a berserk state, it moves extremely fast and would not stop until the enemy is dead. Especially after its third eye opens, its battle strength will surge by five times!


 Once the three eyes are open at once, regardless of the battle results, it would die.


 This was a type of wolf breed that disregards their own body when entering fierce battles.


 The fourth was the white-eyes wolf.


 The eyes of the white-eyes wolf were pure white. They had extremely good eyesight, even during the night, their vision cannot be obstructed.


 In treasure yellow heaven, there was one blood forest wolf, three shark fin wolves, two frenzy wolves, and five white-eyes wolves on sale, they were all bought by Fang Yuan.


 At the same time, far away in southern border’s Shadow Sect blessed land, Old Man Yan Shi squinted his eyes as he stared at the connecting heaven Gu in mid air.


 Fang Yuan bought wolf groups in bulk, even wolf emperors and mutated wolves, it attracted the attention of this wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 "This Fang Yuan, he suddenly bought so many wolves, what is he trying to do?"


 This mysterious rank seven wisdom path Gu Immortal who had always stayed in the background frowned.


 He tried using his Gu to make a deduction.


 But the result was that Fang Yuan wanted to rear wolf groups for profit and business.


 This result did not satisfy him.


 "Hu Immortal blessed land’s environment is most suited for growing fox groups. Although wolves are similar to foxes, they are different after all."


 Blessed lands are blessed, they were the land of fortune. But every blessed land was different, they received different blessings.


 For example, Hu Immortal blessed land was most optimal for raising foxes. Foxes that lived in this area would grow better and breed faster. As for Lang Ya blessed land, it was suited for refining Gu, the environment was suitable for hairy men to live in.


 Shadow Sect blessed land benefited the cultivation of soul path Gu Masters.


 The instinct deep within his heart told Old Man Yan Shi that Fang Yuan’s actions had much deeper meaning.


 But wisdom path was not all-knowing, it had its weaknesses. Otherwise, wisdom path would rule the Gu world, there would not be a scene of variety where many paths flourished.


 Wisdom path needed evidence to make deductions. The more evidences they had, the more reliable their deductions would be. The wisdom path Gu Master would be guided towards making a more accurate answer.


 But for Old Man Yan Shi, although he was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he would never have expected Fang Yuan to be from the future.


 Old Man Yan Shi had deduced that Fang Yuan used Fixed Immortal Travel Gu to go to Hu Immortal blessed land. But he would never be able to guess that Fang Yuan went to northern plains.


 If Fang Yuan had sold divine travel Gu in treasure yellow heaven, he might have been able to make the connection.


 But Fang Yuan was vigilant, he sold divine travel Gu to Lang Ya blessed land. Old Man Yan Shi lacked the most critical piece of information, thus his deduction ended up being wrong.


 He tried for a few more times, but he still received the same result.


 "Do I really have to use my vital Gu for this?" Old Man Yan Shi thought of this as his pores expanded, as traces of cloud smoke flowed out of him.


 The white cloud smoke rose up and gathered above his head, forming into a rumbling cloud.


 The cloud was misty, once it appeared, a thick Immortal Gu aura burst out of it.


 But this rank seven Immortal Gu had an indiscernible aura, it was like the stars in the night sky, there was no way to locate it. It was also like the scent of a lotus from a thousand steps away, the presence was extremely faint.


 Every time the cloud rumbled, there were infinite changes undergoing inside, there was no way to understand it all. If outsiders forced themselves to comprehend it, they would receive ambiguous answers.


 This was Old Man Yan Shi’s vital Gu — Heavenly Secret!


 Heavenly secret Immortal Gu!


 It could expose the secrets of heaven and earth, even if the Gu Immortal did not have any evidences or clues, it could directly lead them to the truth.


 When Old Man Yan Shi found out that killer ghost doctor was under the slavery Gu, he used the heavenly secret Gu to deduce that Fang Yuan would one day return to southern border.


 Thus, Old Man Yan Shi set up this trap and waited for Fang Yuan to come.


 Right now, Old Man Yan Shi was hesitating, he was wondering if he should use heavenly secret Gu.


 Although heavenly secret Gu was powerful, it had a weakness.


 Old Man Yan Shi would not succeed every time he used it, out of ten tries, at least eight would fail. Once he fails, Old Man Yan Shi would face the backlash of an Immortal Gu.


 If this backlash was common injuries, so be it, but it was extremely powerful and caused anyone to feel fear.


 Old Man Yan Shi’s soul and body would be intact, the heavenly secret Gu’s backlash only targeted his lifespan.


 Once he faces a backlash, Old Man Yan Shi would lose ten to seventy years of his remaining lifespan!


 A Gu Master’s cultivation to raise his rank did not have any effect on his lifespan. To extend their life, Gu Masters had one way that was the best, that was lifespan Gu.


 Lifespan Gu can be used to increase a Gu Master’s lifespan without any consequences.


 Other than that, there were other unorthodox methods that could increase lifespan. But each of these methods had either weakness or flaws.


 "My current body has around eighty years of lifespan left. Even the most severe backlash will only take seventy years of my life, I will still have ten years left, it is enough to execute my heaven defying plan! But these small matters would usually not give a huge backlash, most likely, I will lose about thirteen or fourteen years. But..."


 "Is it worth it for me to use heavenly secret Gu for this? This act of defying heaven will definitely be noticed by my enemies when I reach the crucial stage. In the future, I will still need to use heavenly secret Gu to predict the future."


 "But, if I can get the fixed immortal travel Gu that Fang Yuan has, it is a great help towards my plan. Just talk about now, if I had fixed immortal travel Gu to attack Lang Ya blessed land, I will be able to attack or retreat at will. What can Lang Ya land spirit do to me? I will not have suffered such a huge loss this time."


 Old Man Yan Shi thought through it, and decided to give up.


 Although heavenly secret Gu was powerful, it was a huge trap. The chances of success was simply too low, furthermore, the consequences of failure was too severe, Old Man Yan Shi did not want to waste his lifespan for nothing.


 Back then, in order to deduce that Fang Yuan had fixed immortal travel Gu, or where he went, he first spent seventy years and got a result that stunned him for a long time.


 He was in central continent!


 He was in Hu Immortal blessed land!


 How did he get there? What opportunity did he get, in order to get a visual image of Hu Immortal blessed land?


 Okay, Fang Yuan started hiding inside the blessed land and refused to come out, Old Man Yan Shi’s plan to take Fixed Immortal Travel Gu flopped before it even began.


 But thankfully, he used heavenly secret Gu and expended another eighty years of his lifespan to find the most possible opportunity to strike.


 In the future, on some day, Fang Yuan will return to southern border and join the battle of Yi Tian mountain!


 For this Fixed Immortal Travel Gu, Old Man Yan Shi spent a hundred and fifty years of his life.


 "Nevermind, since I got the results already, I shall wait here for him. The matter of him raising wolves is not a concern. As a wisdom path Gu Immortal, how can a mere mortal escape from a scheme that I made myself? Hehe."


 Old Man Yan Shi snickered as he opened his eyes.


 His eyes were like the white-eyes wolf, there were no pupils, only white color.


 He stared at connecting heaven Gu, his lips becoming more curled as he said: "You are a mere mortal but you wasted a hundred and fifty years of my life. In the future when you die from my plot, it will be your greatest honor. But now, don’t think you will have a good time!"


 Old Man Yan Shi worked for a while, very quickly, Fang Yuan felt something amiss inside Hu Immortal blessed land.


 "Oh no, someone is buying the materials for refining wolf enslavement Gu in bulk!"


 Fang Yuan wanted to buy these materials, but Old Man Yan Shi was a step ahead of him.


 He quickly tried to buy them, but faced much obstruction. A number of Gu Immortal purposely raised the prices against him, causing him to spend a lot more, and the total amount of materials he procured was less than expected.


 Fang Yuan squinted, his gaze sharp like a needle: "Someone is intentionally making problems for me. Hmph, it can’t be Lang Ya land spirit, it does not have such influence. Then, other than Immortal Crane Sect, it can only be that mysterious Old Man Yan Shi!"


 "Hehe."


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan laughed.


 If it was before, he would be helpless against such a situation. But now, it was different.


 He had a large number of wolf enslavement Gu recipes. These recipes ranged from rank one to five, and at every rank, there were different types of wolf enslavement Gu recipes.


 These materials that the Gu Immortals obstructed him from getting were merely materials in ordinary wolf enslavement Gu recipes. Many Gu recipes had innovative ideas and took different routes, especially Lang Ya land spirit’s personal recipes, how could these Gu Immortals understand the use of these materials?



***
Chapter 493: Surge in Battle Strength


***





 Chapter 493: Surge in Battle Strength


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 A moment later.


 "Hmph..." Fang Yuan’s gaze was cold as he memorised these Gu Immortals’ names.


 Diao Sou, Great Immortal Ju Shi, Dian Huang Tianmu...


 "Old Man Yan Shi, so it was you." He finally understood who the people finding problems with him were. Because most of these Gu Immortals were the ones who attacked Lang Ya blessed land back in his previous life, according to his memories.


 "These Gu Immortals mostly come from northern plains, but there are also some from southern borders, eastern sea, western desert, and central continent. If I count Old Man Yan Shi as well, this hidden and mysterious Gu Immortal organization is truly huge!"


 Because of this uncommon clash, Fang Yuan learnt about many secret details, he was secretly shocked.


 What kind of force was it, who created it?


 In his previous life, he had absolutely no idea about it, he was kept in the dark.


 Such a huge force was hiding in the background, they were not a simple poisonous snake, but a ferocious tiger hidden behind the trees.


 What were they planning, what was their motive?


 In the future developments, during the battle of the five regions, what influence did they have in all of these events? As for Old Man Yan Shi, what was his role in this mysterious organisation?


 Thinking back about their earlier strife, while it seemed like they were aggressively attacking, they did not use their full strength after all, they had perfect control over their actions.


 Outsiders would not have sensed anything, they would only think of this as an ordinary contest.


 Even himself, if not for his five hundred years of memories, he would only think that he was unlucky and faced fierce competition when procuring materials.


 They struck secretly, interfering with him and found that they could not stop him, thus they stopped.


 The entire assault was like throwing a rock into the water, after several ripples, the water surface returned to normal.


 Fang Yuan was clear in his heart, he could escape from their assault this time because of Lang Ya land spirit’s recipes, but that was only a foundation. Most importantly, the other party did not want to expose themselves or attract any suspicions, thus they did not go all-out.


 Although Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal in his previous life, he was only a mortal now.


 Although he had one blessed land, he could not compete against the cooperation of two Gu Immortals, as well as such a mysterious and powerful force.


 "The reason why I attracted the attention of Old Man Yan Shi is most likely due to fixed immortal travel Gu." Fang Yuan thought to himself.


 Back then, he used a mortal body to refine an immortal Gu in front of everyone, it was simply too glaring and attention catching.


 Immortal Gu were something not many Gu Immortals had. Not to mention fixed immortal travel Gu, such a top tier rank six Gu? Naturally, it would attract the greed of Gu Immortals.


 The problem was that high profile he had!


 But Fang Yuan had no choice, back then, the situation forced him to do so. This also resulted in the best outcome, there was no better way out of it.


 "After such a long time, I’m sure the news have spread already. Immortal Crane Sect is definitely investigating this thoroughly, but that is a good thing."


 "The clearer they investigate this, the more they would learn about me. I am only about thirty years old, I am a vagabond from a destroyed small-mid sized clan, I am a lone cultivator, or rather, I am a demonic Gu Master!"


 "As such a person with low aptitude and lacking resources, I actually managed to learn about Hu Immortal blessed land’s scenery and was able to refine an Immortal Gu? How is that possible? This is like an ant becoming a giant and swallowing an elephant, or a pig that grew wings and flew even higher than eagles."


 Or using a phrase from Earth, this is scientifically impossible!


 "This way, they will definitely deduce that there’s an expert behind me! Someone of this level has to be a strong and mysterious Gu Immortal. I am merely a chess piece that this person is using behind the scenes."


 "And because of this, if they want to deal with me, they will have to consider the person behind me, or the organisation backing me up. What if this background organisation is a group of people, a super clan, or a super sect? Nobody knows. Any person would want to investigate the unknown, to use all means to learn about their enemies."


 "Before they investigate clearly, as long as I hide inside Hu Immortal blessed land and do not do anything overbearing, they will only try to probe me but would not truly go all-out."


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts moved like waves, sparked like flint rocks as he evaluated his current situation.


 "Of course, this is only temporary. Paper cannot cover up a fire, once they find out the truth, or lose their patience, my trouble would come."


 The moment Immortal Crane Sect attacks Hu Immortal blessed land, the best outcome for Fang Yuan is to self-detonate the blessed land and make both sides suffer a huge loss, nobody will obtain Dang Hun mountain in that case.


 After losing the protection of his blessed land, Fang Yuan would be hunted down by everyone.


 Thus, he was using the identity of Chang Shan Yin as a future back-up plan, to leave a way out for himself.


 A crafty rabbit makes three homes, as a demonic lord in his time, Fang Yuan understood this clearly.


 After collecting his thought, Fang Yuan sighed.


 He had to cultivate quickly, it would be best if he reached Gu Immortal stage once again before Immortal Crane Sect and the mysterious force struck. But even so, it would still be a great danger. If he could not survive it, he would be smashed to bits, and end up in the pitiful state of eternal rest.


 "The pressure is great..."


 Even though Fang Yuan obtained the greatest benefits back at three kings blessed land, because of his actions, he lost the initiative.


 Spring Autumn Cicada, Immortal Crane Sect, Dang Hun mountain, mysterious force, earthly calamity of the blessed land...


 Even though he obtained Hu Immortal blessed land and his strength soared because of it, he was in even greater danger now.


 All the intense and precarious situations, are pressuring him step-by-step, like a whip or a scythe, driving him to move forward.


 If he slows down for even a moment, the outcome would be unthinkable!


 If it were others, they would have exhausted their mind and body, crushed into pulp by such despairing circumstances. Only Fang Yuan, by racking his brain and thinking out of the box, could manage to find a chance of survival amidst looming disaster.


 But even though he tried so hard, the situation was not taking a turn for the better.


 Like now, he was facing a new problem.


 Immortal essence stones were running out!


 He had first sold large numbers of Immortal Gu recipes and obtained twenty-eight immortal essence stones. But after some purchases, especially the current bulk purchase, his spending was too high and his funds were running out.


 Right now, Fang Yuan had four immortal essence stones left. But there were too many areas he needed to invest in.


 Helpless, he had to stop investing in the wolf groups.


 But Fang Yuan’s original plan was to dual cultivate strength and enslavement path. Now that he had a second aperture, this plan was taking form.


 Three things dictated an enslavement path Gu Master’s strength.


 Firstly, it was the size of the enslaved beast group.


 Secondly, it was the enslavement path Gu worms that the Gu Master had.


 The third was the enslavement path Gu Master’s soul. The deeper the foundation of their soul, the more beasts they could enslave, and the stronger beast kings they could control. The time that they could manipulate beast groups to battle would lengthen as well.


 "After my purchase, my wolf group’s size is already second-rate in northern plains’ mortal plane. The first-rate enslavement masters are still the three of them — Ma Zun, Jiang Bao Ya, and Yang Po Ying."


 "But my enslavement path Gu worms were all from Chang Shan Yin. They are only rank four, I have to get them to rank five so as to deal with the great battle in northern plains."


 "Thankfully, despite Dang Hun mountain’s slow death, it can still be used. With guts Gu, my expenditure is greatly reduced, but other than that, I still need large numbers of wolf soul Gu to improve my wolfman soul."


 Facing his cultivation requirements, the immortal essence stones in Fang Yuan’s possession seemed lacking. Bulking purchasing wolves only fulfilled one of the three aspects in Fang Yuan’s enslavement cultivation.


 Next, he bought a few more Gu recipes in treasure yellow heaven, as well as many refinement materials and the rank five wolf soul Gu that he desperately needed, getting a total of eighteen.


 This way, he spent another immortal essence stone, he only had three left.


 Fang Yuan placed his sights on relic Gu next.


 His second aperture Gu was just formed, it is only rank one initial stage, it had to cultivate from the beginning.


 But where would Fang Yuan get the time to cultivate? By using relic Gu to boost the cultivation level, he could bring out this second aperture’s usefulness in the short run.


 Even though he had such intentions, the immortal essence stones were almost used up already, Fang Yuan could only buy the green copper, red steel, white silver, and yellow gold relic Gu.


 Next, he chose the body modification Gu worm.


 The body is like a sack, it holds the soul. When the soul is strong, while the body is unable to hold it, it would form a bottleneck, and the soul’s growth would be halted.


 Similarly, if the body was not strong enough, the one had to be careful when using strength path Gu worms. If they overexerted themselves, they might break their own bones and tear their flesh before even hitting the enemy.


 After Fang Yuan finished his transaction, he had only two immortal essence stones left.


 These two stones were kept to deal with emergency situations.


 For the next two days, Fang Yuan did not leave Hu Immortal blessed land, he cultivated on Dang Hun mountain.


 "This is the final guts Gu." On a cliff, Fang Yuan grabbed this Gu.


 Splat.


 With a crisp sound, yellow-brown mud flowed out.


 This was a rotten Gu, its body was corroded by the gruel mud Immortal Gu, it lost the ability to enhance souls.


 "Dang Hun mountain’s vitality is falling, the number of intact guts Gu is dropping as well... but, after these few days of strengthening, due to the huge number, my soul still managed to reach thousand man soul."


 Fang Yuan closed his eyes, feeling the soul in his body.


 This thousand man soul was much more solid than before, it gave off a dense feeling. Almost as if it was stuffed inside Fang Yuan’s body, it gave a feeling of almost bursting out.


 Thousand man soul was the signature trademark of an enslavement expert. Back then, Chang Shan Yin had thousand man soul.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, with a thought, he called little Hu Immortal, and teleported himself into Dang Hun palace.


 Sitting on his cushion, he took out a white silver relic Gu.


 Through his earlier tests, there was no problems with this relic Gu, thus Fang Yuan injected his primeval essence into it.


 A moment later, he opened his eyes, after inspecting the second aperture, he nodded in satisfaction.


 "Second aperture has reached rank three peak stage too."


 This way, Fang Yuan’s first aperture was rank five peak stage, having crystal purple primeval essence. Second aperture was rank three peak stage, having snow silver primeval essence.


 Although snow silver primeval essence could not compare to crystal purple primeval essence, it could still provide some help to Fang Yuan.


 After all, in the northern plains contest for the Imperial Court, rank three Gu Masters were the absolute vital force.


 "After I use the yellow gold relic Gu, I will reach rank four peak stage, that would be the best. Of course, the happiest thing is that the second aperture gives me the option for another vital Gu. This way, I alone can have two vital Gu."



***
Chapter 494: All of you, get lost!


***





 Chapter 494: All of you, get lost!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Throwing aside expendable Gu, a Gu Master’s first choice of a Gu worm would become their vital Gu.


 The relation between vital Gu and a Gu Master were very close; one could even say their lives were connected.


 No matter which side was injured, the other side would also be implicated.


 Vital Gu had one advantage which other Gu did not have — that was no matter how severe the backlash was after Gu refinement failure, the vital Gu would still preserved.


 Thus, most Gu Masters would regard the vital Gu as their core Gu. Generally, the Gu Master’s strongest Gu worm is their vital Gu.


 Once a vital Gu forms, it would be difficult to change it.


 But that was not absolute.


 If the Gu Master found an extremely good Gu worm and wanted to cultivate it as their vital Gu, they could destroy their original vital Gu.


 But this type of action was extremely dangerous.


 Once the vital Gu was destroyed, the Gu Master would suffer enormous backlash; at the least, they would suffer heavy injuries, and the worst outcome meant death.


 After rebirth, Fang Yuan’s vital Gu was Spring Autumn Cicada which had been hibernating in the center of his first aperture with no movement.


 Now, he had a second aperture and had a chance to choose a second vital Gu.


 He had been able to guess this from the Gu recipe, but Fang Yuan was still happy after truly finding that it gave him this chance to choose.


 ’Which Gu should I choose as my second vital Gu?’


 Immortal Gu could be taken out of the equation.


 Fang Yuan’s second aperture was only a rank three mortal aperture, unable to store Immortal Gu. Spring Autumn Cicada was a special situation.


 Besides Spring Autumn Cicada, Fang Yuan also had two other Immortal Gu - Fixed Immortal Travel and Gruel Mud.


 But Immortal Gu Gruel Mud was an expendable Gu; if he made it his vital Gu, after it is used up, Fang Yuan will suffer heavy backlash. Fang Yuan naturally would not do such a stupid thing.


 As for Fixed Immortal Travel, it was far away at the poisonous grassland so there was no need to mention it.


 Without much hesitation, Fang Yuan made his decision.


 It was rank three all-out effort Gu!


 He was cultivating strength path and enslavement path. All-out effort Gu was a must and was also the most ideal core of the strength path.


 Previously, Fang Yuan intended to use undefeated hundred battles Gu to ensure the safety of the all-out effort Gu during Gu refinement.


 But due to many reasons and because of the situation, Fang Yuan had no choice but to use undefeated hundred battles Gu to refine Immortal Gu Fixed Immortal Travel.


 As long as all-out effort Gu became his second vital Gu, Fang Yuan would no longer need to worry losing this precious Gu worm after Gu refinement failure.


 Two days passed in an instant.


 Fang Yuan returned to the northern plains through stargate Gu.


 The time flow in Hu Immortal blessed land was five times faster than the outside world. Fang Yuan had spent two days in the blessed land but only a night had passed in northern plains.


 It was crack of dawn.


 From the edge of the sky, gentle purple and white colors started to appear.


 As the sun started to rise, the grass started to gradually look glossy green from the previously dark color.


 The crescent lake reflected the dazzling sunlight and sparkled.


 The light of dawn shone upon Fang Yuan’s face, he smiled and looked at the side.


 The sparse wolf group was once again replenished with many white wolf figures.


 These were water wolves with a size that crossed ten thousand; a water wolf myriad beast king led them along with 6 thousand wolf kings under it.


 As for the vermillion flame wolf group, night wolf group, mutated beasts and so on, Fang Yuan did not bring them.


 It would be too abrupt and conspicuous if he brought them all out at once.


 Fang Yuan was disguising as Chang Shan Yin and wanted to properly manage this identity, thus he had to avoid such exposing actions.


 Water wolves were different.


 This action was proclaiming he was taking in wild water wolves. The water wolves’ appearance was easily explained. But if night wolf beast emperor or those mutated wolves appeared, it would make no sense.


 "I will have to continue taking in the wild water wolf groups." Fang Yuan rode on the hump wolf and with a thought, the whole wolf group again moved out majestically towards the next destination.


 Three days later, on a certain area beside the crescent lake.


 Gu Masters from two tribes were furiously looking at each other.


 "Zhong Fei You, your Zhong tribe is too much of a bully, these five black skin fat beetles are clearly our tribe’s goods, but you actually dare to seize it out in the open!" One tribe’s tribe leader Chai Zhang shouted.


 "Bullshit! We have already agreed to our territories with this water wolf nest as the boundary. And this is our Chai tribe’s territory. As these five black skin fat beetles have come to our Zhong tribe’s territory, they naturally become ours!" Zhong tribe leader Zhong Fei You sneered.


 Chai tribe’s Gu Masters were furious at such words.


 Chai Zhang’s face even flushed with anger as he lashed out: "Shameless! Our Chai tribe is moving out our camp to hurry to the heroes assembly, and naturally we need to pass through this place."


 Zhong Fei You’s eyes shone with a chilly light as he grinned: "So this is your Chai tribe’s mistake. You could have detoured this place, why would you walk into my tribe’s campground?"


 Chai tribe’s Gu Masters were raging. Zhong tribe camp was placed at a tricky position, occupying the main road. It would be even more troublesome if Chai tribe was to take a detour; the way around had at least three myriad beast groups. Zhong tribe’s action was intentionally extorting them.


 "Zhong Fei You, aren’t your actions too unsightly?" Chai Zhang gnashed his teeth.


 Zhong Fei You shrugged his shoulders without concern, laughing coldly: "If your Chai tribe doesn’t accept it, we can fight it out."


 Cha tribe’s Gu Masters’ momentum slowed down.


 Chai tribe was a small scale tribe while Zhong tribe had expanded into a mid-scale tribe two years ago.


 Zhong tribe was strong; if they fought, Chai tribe would definitely suffer!


 As the Chai tribe’s leader, Chai Zhang was naturally clear of this. He had thought of retreating but three of these black skin fat beetles were holding their tribe’s most precious goods.


 These goods had been meticulously gathered and were what the Chai tribe wanted to use with, to side with Liu Wen Wu. If he had to give them up, Chai Zhang was of course very unwilling.


 In the end, should he fight or retreat?


 Just as the two sides were in a stalemate and Chai Zhang was hesitating, from far away wolf howls resounded.


 Howl... Howl...


 Wolf howls came one after another, endlessly. At the same time, the sounds of a large number of beasts rushing forward were also transmitted to everyone.


 "This lineup..."


 "Wolf group!"


 "It is noon right now and the water wolves’ nest is nearby, how could a wild wolf group come here?"


 Zhong tribe and Chai tribe’s people shifted their gaze towards the location of the sound, as if they were facing a great enemy.


 They soon saw the majestic wolf army rushing towards them like a river, through the sparse jungle.


 In this wolf group, there were strong night wolves, the defensive turtleback wolves, outstanding wind wolves and the white fur water wolves, which were the majority.


 Different from other wolf groups, they were moving harmoniously like an army. There was only one reason for this.


 Chai Zhang’s heart thumped as he immediately thought of a person - Chang Shan Yin!


 Zhong Fei You’s expression became extremely unsightly.


 Their Zhong tribe also wanted to side with Lord Liu Wen Wu, thus they were coveting after these goods of Chai tribe, but they had never thought someone would upset the whole situation at the crucial moment.


 As the wolf group approached closer, the Gu Masters of the two tribes became restless.


 "Such a large wolf group!" Someone could not help exclaiming in shock.


 "Gasp... this scale, there are at least twenty eight thousand turtleback wolves, fifteen thousand night wolves, and the wind wolves are even more than the night wolves. The water wolves are the largest with about thirty two thousand." Someone drew in a cold breath and calculated the numbers with his rich experience.


 The wolf group’s size was really too big. They spread open grandly, forming a half-moon shaped formation and covering the two tribes.


 Zhong tribe and Chai tribe’s Gu Masters were instantly surrounded; and with the crescent lake behind them, they were in an unfavorable situation.


 "Didn’t they say Chang Shan Yin suffered huge losses after attacking Pei, Bei and Zheng tribes? Why does he still have so many wolves left?!" Chai Zhang’s lips turned dry; the dense wolf group not only covered them, there were still many of them left who were hiding in the forest, their figures indistinct.


 Zhong Fei You could not keep up his relaxed attitude from before. He looked at the large numbers of thousand beast kings and myriad beast kings among the wolf group; his heart stuck in his throat.


 Enslavement path was different from other paths; they could change the situation with just a lone force.Normal enslavement path Gu Masters were already people who should not be underestimated, let alone Chang Shan Yin!


 Zhong Fei You understood clearly that these wolf groups were enough to annihilate their Zhong tribe two-three times over and still have enough strength left!


 Simply because they were in the wild with no obstacles to rely on. They did not have the walls of their camp, they were not in formation, they did not have time to rest and also no time to recover their primeval essence.


 One hump wolf carrying Fang Yuan on its back leisurely walked out of the thin forest.


 "Chang Shan Yin!" Zhong Fei You and Chai Zhang similarly called out.


 In an instant, countless eyes gathered on Fang Yuan’s face.


 Fang Yuan expressionlessly rode on the hump wolf with his back upright just like Chang Shan Yin’s habit.


 His sharp gaze swept through everyone. He did not speak, but his closed lips was sufficient to display Chang Shan Yin’s proud and aloof aura vividly.


 Zhong tribe and Chai tribe’s Gu Masters were silent. They only felt an enormous rock pressing down on their heart; the atmosphere seemed to freeze and made it difficult for them to breathe.


 Especially when they thought of the Wolf King Chang Shan Yin challenging three tribes in one night, many started to shiver.


 Pei, Bei and Zheng tribe had been mid-scale tribe for long time. While Chai tribe was only a small scale tribe and Zhong tribe had only advanced to mid-scale tribe not long ago.


 Zhong Fei You and Chai Zhang glanced at each other, seeing the graveness and the intent to cooperate in each other’s eyes.


 The two were similarly agonized: Just now, they were both about to fight, and now they had the hearts to ally. This play of fate really made one not know whether to cry or laugh.


 "Lord Chang Shan Yin, your fame is well known to me, Zhong Fei You..." Zhong Fei You gritted his teeth and bowed deeply towards Fang Yuan.


 No one felt that the grand tribe leader Zhong Fei You’s action was inappropriate. The other was Chang Shan Yin!


 But Zhong Fei You had yet to finish speaking when Fang Yuan waved his hand and indifferently said: "All of you get lost, don’t block me."


 Zhong Fei You’s eyes widened, his eyes showing an unconcealable humiliation.


 But he did not retort and instead lowered his head, bowing towards Fang Yuan again before turning around to his Zhong tribesmen: "Retreat."


 Chai Zhang discerned the situation and also immediately shouted: "We are also retreating."


 Immediately, both the tribes started retreating far away.


 Soon, the crowded lakeside only had the wolf groups and Fang Yuan, one person.


 Of course, there were also those three slow moving black skin fat beetles.


 Fang Yuan glanced at these three black skin fat beetles without interest. The things the two tribes were fighting for, did not have enough attractive force towards him.


 He waved his hand and the water wolf group immediately rushed into the water, circling and attacking the water wolf nest here.



***
Chapter 495: Grey-white Stone Slab


***





 Chapter 495: Grey-white Stone Slab


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The water wolf den here had four thousand water wolves, it was a thousand beast group.


 Although water wolves rarely stepped foot on land, when their homes were invaded, that would be another issue.


 After sensing Fang Yuan’s wolf group approaching, this group of wild water wolves attacked together, engaging with Fang Yuan’s wolves.


 Facing obstruction, Fang Yuan’s wolf group stopped their movement.


 But he snorted, activating wolf howl Gu, sending three groups of reinforcements to help.


 The wild water wolves only managed to hold on for a moment before being unable to hold the pressure, immediately overwhelmed as they lost completely.


 Far away.


 "Tribe leader, our things are still there." A Chai tribe elder looked indignantly.


 Chai tribe leader sighed deeply: "Nevermind, let it be, it is better than losing our lives."


 "Shouldn’t we stay and watch? A person like Chang Shan Yin, he might not be interested in these three black skin fat armor worms." Another Chai tribe elder was still hopeful.


 But Chai Zhang understood the truth, he snorted: "If you are not worried about offending Chang Shan Yin and attracting his slaughter, then stay."


 This Chai tribe elder’s face froze.


 "Hmph, this idea, do you think Zhong tribe can’t think of it? Even if Chang Shan Yin doesn’t want them, we will not be able to take these resources! Sigh, with such an expert like Chang Shan Yin here, we can’t stay in crescent lake any longer, we should set off now, and leave quickly." Chai Zhang waved his hand, his tone filled with helplessness, but also anger and weakness.


 Chai tribe was only a small size tribe, they were weak. Especially with the ten year blizzard approaching, as well as the fight for the Imperial Court, it will be an era of turmoil where northern plains is engulfed in battles and chaos.


 A tribe like Chai tribe was like a tiny boat amidst the chaos, being blown by the winds and waves, they can only ride on weakly. Only by clinging onto a stronger force can they increase their chance of survival.


 Chai tribe left after packing up, without a bit of delay.


 A moment later, Zhong tribe’s investigative Gu Master reported to Zhong Fei You with some afterfear: "Lord, Wolf King was victorious, with just a wave of his hand, he exterminated that wolf den. Out of the four thousand water wolves, he recruited three thousand, yet he only lost three hundred."


 Zhong Fei You and the Zhong tribe higher-ups shuddered upon hearing this.


 Such loss to gain ratio was terrifying! No wonder this Wolf King’s wolf group could be replenished so quickly.


 "Lord tribe leader, you did not see personally, Chang Shan Yin’s manipulation was otherworldly, he is truly skilled!" Investigative Gu Master wiped the sweat off his forehead as he added.


 Zhong Fei You snorted, refusing to put his own tribe down, shamelessly saying: "Chang Shan Yin has a water wolf myriad beast king. The leader of this group of wild wolves is only a thousand beast king. Once they battle, the water wolf group would face great suppression, their battle strength would be weakened. It is easy to recruit them because of them. What about those three black skin fat armor beetles?"


 The investigative Gu Master answered: "They were all taken by Chang Shan Yin."


 Zhong Fei You’s expression turned ugly.


 He tried to steal a chicken only to end up losing the rice used to lure it 1 , not only did he fail to get the resources, he even made an enemy out of Chai tribe.


 Speaking of which, Chai tribe and Zhong tribe were in-laws, they had a close relationship. Otherwise, they would not have moved together, and when they set up camp, they chose to live closely to each other, to look out for one another.


 But, the world is cruel.


 Right now, the Imperial Court competition was not just about benefits for Zhong tribe and Chai tribe, it was about their survival.


 Their relationship was only a method to defend their interests. When it was time to abandon the other, they would do so without hesitation.


 In the main tent, there was a pressurizing silence.


 Long after, Zhong Fei You sighed: "A person like Chang Shan Yin, even if we gather all our strength, we cannot compete against him. But northern plains is not his alone, there are three enslavement master stronger than him! We will note down this battle, and after we go to Lord Liu Wen Wu, one day, we will take revenge!"


 Zhong tribe elders nodded in agreement.


 Not long after, Zhong tribe set off as well.


 Using a total of nine days, Fang Yuan led the wolf group that had expanded drastically in size back to Ge tribe camp.


 Ge Guang led the Ge tribe higher-ups as he went out to welcome Fang Yuan back.


 "Lord supreme elder, your cultivation recovered?!" When Ge Guang felt Fang Yuan’s rank four peak stage aura, he was shocked and delighted.


 Fang Yuan nodded, replying plainly: "It recovered, it was about time anyway."


 Back then, Chang Shan Yin’s cultivation was rank four peak stage. Later, he fought a grand battle with Ha Tu Gu and was injured to the point of nearing death, going into hibernation.


 But now, Fang Yuan’s first aperture had reached rank five peak stage. Even with northern plains’ suppression, he still had rank five initial stage aura.


 His current rank four peak stage aura was only due to the effect of breath concealment Gu.


 As for his second aperture, because it first appeared in northern plains, there was no suppression and it was still rank three peak stage.


 Keeping it secret for now, and then slowly releasing the aura, not only could be keep it as a trump card, he could even allow others to gradually accept his improvement without suspicion.


 Fang Yuan followed the Ge tribe higher-ups back to camp.


 Ge tribe camp was expanding, along the way, construction could be seen everywhere. Large numbers of mortal slaves or even Gu Master slaves were being mercilessly utilized.


 Winner takes all, this was the cruelty of war, and also the beauty of it.


 Ge tribe higher-ups were cheerful and joyous, after Ge tribe took down Bei tribe and Zheng tribe, they expanded greatly, as they tried to digest this new found force, the entire tribe’s strength had increased greatly.


 The biggest problem now is the lack of slavery Gu. If we had large numbers of slavery Gu, we could send these slave Gu Masters into battle. This will greatly increase our battle strength!" Ge Guang exclaimed.


 Slavery Gu was a Gu worm that could control people.


 But man is the spirit of all being , they were much harder to manipulate than beasts. The burden on the soul was greater, especially when enslaving Gu Masters with strong soul.


 Thus, in general, a Gu Master rarely controlled more than five slaves. As for slave Gu Masters, the numbers were fewer. Normally, a Gu Master could only control one slave Gu Master, any more and the burden on their soul would be too much.


 As for those slave Gu Masters with strong souls, to control them, one’s soul had to be even stronger.


 Fang Yuan naturally had the ability to get lots of slavery Gu.


 But if he did so, he would expose many things. Ge tribe was only a chess piece in his plans, he did not need to worry for them to that extent.


 "Next, I need to continue cultivating in seclusion. You will help me feed this wolf group." Fang Yuan spoke.


 "Yes." Ge Guang quickly replied, but his heart was crying out.


 Now that Ge tribe was expanding, they were facing a huge lack of manpower. The wolf group was too huge, the burden of feeding them would be great, this would expend a lot of labour for Ge tribe!


 But Fang Yuan’s next sentence made this young Ge tribe leader joyous —


 "I brought a lot of resources back this time, they were obtained when I was hunting wolves. Use them as you wish, but remember, the things on those three black skin fat armor beetles are mine, safeguard them for me properly."


 "Yes, Lord Supreme Elder!"


 For the next few days, Fang Yuan stayed inside Ge tribe camp, cultivating bitterly in seclusion.


 His second aperture’s cultivation level needed to increase. Although he had thousand man soul, he still needed wolf soul Gu to strength himself, becoming a thousand man soul level wolfman soul.


 At the same time, his strength path also needed improvement, he needed to continue using jun strength Gu.


 When he needed to relax, he would take out the items on those three black skin fat armor beetles and inspect them.


 These resources that Chai tribe painstakingly gathered were very strange, they were all grey-white stone slabs.


 But the surface of these stone slabs were filled with black ink lines. Some were straight while others were curled, there were thin and thick lines. The lines were drawn over one another, some looked like letters while others looked like drawings of scenery.


 If these stone slabs were real, that would be a huge deal. Tracing their source, they were from the immemorial era, Ren Zu’s ninth daughter, Carefree Wisdom Heart.


 <> states that in order to save wisdom Gu, Carefree Wisdom Heart came to the Qian Kun Crystal Wall.


 Qian Kun Crystal Wall was straight from top to bottom, it floated in mid air like a giant mirror.


 In the mirror, there was a book mountain.


 On the book mountain, there was a ink waterfall, landing on the mountain rocks to form a literature spring.


 The ink waterfall continued to flow, as it landed on the literature spring, water splashed about. These black color splashes flew in the air as the water droplets formed into words.


 This was the origin of the hundred clan writing system in the Gu Master world.


 After Qian Kun Crystal Wall was broken, it turned into numerous grey-white stone slabs.


 Legends say that if one gathered all of the stone slabs, they could piece back Qian Kun Crystal Wall and the Gu Master would be able to enter book mountain again.


 If one looked at the history of humanity, they would find that generations of Gu Masters, Gu Immortals, or even Immortal and Demon Venerables collected these stone slabs before.


 Precisely so, large numbers of counterfeit stone slabs appeared quickly.


 These fake stone slabs were indistinguishable to real stone slabs, unless the Gu Master was an experienced appraiser.


 In history, the most authoritative and accomplished appraiser Gu Immortal was treasure yellow heaven’s owner, Daoist Countless Treasure who owned treasure light Gu.


 But even he could only identify them with an accuracy of seventy to eighty percent.


 There were simply too many fake stone slabs, too many Gu Masters tried making fakes, even Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable himself.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable purposely created many fakes and scammed many Gu Immortals. The fakes that he made were very convincing, they could even surpass the real deal.


 Fang Yuan had never thought of collecting all the stone slabs and restoring book mountain.


 Even a rank nine Gu Venerable did not succeed, Fang Yuan had no such drive to waste his effort.


 He was only resting now, and tried appraising these stone slabs.


 In his previous life, he had trained his eyes to be discerning, he had also once sold and created these fake stone slabs.


 Right now, he tried appraising these stone slabs, removing the fakes, it was a form of relaxation.


 But unexpectedly, just when he was playing with one of the stone slabs, something happened.


 This stone slab that he had evaluated to be a fake, after Fang Yuan injected his primeval essence, the ink lines started to move mystically.



***
Chapter 496: Di Qiu Inheritance


***





 Chapter 496: Di Qiu Inheritance


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The ink lines changed and morphed randomly, after a long while, it settled and formed a terrain map.


 At the center of the map, there was a heightened land. There were no cliffs as the slope was very gentle, there was an opening that resembled a tunnel.


 On this place, two words were indicated — Di Qiu.


 All around Di Qiu, there were swamps and forests, at the southwest corner, there was a river.


 At the lower area of the map, there were four lines — "light in the soil, shine up to a hundred thousand feet high, swimming in the sky for a hundred li, praising plum fragrant snow."


 Fang Yuan muttered it silently, but after a long time, he had no idea what it was saying 1 .


 These four lines were like poems, or not. They sounded like Gu recipes, but unlikely.


 But Fang Yuan was sure about one thing, these four riddle-like lines were definitely clues left behind on purpose.


 More amazingly, after the map formed for a while, it faded from the grey-white stone slab.


 Soon, this stone slab in Fang Yuan’s hands turned white, there was nothing left on it.


 But when Fang Yuan closed his eyes, he could easily recall every detail on this map, at an extreme clarity.


 This was not his outstanding memory, instead —


 "Painting idea Gu. A painting idea Gu was once used on this stone slab. This Gu can turn into scenery images and etch itself into a Gu Master’s memory, so that they will never forget it."


 Light of comprehension flashed across Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 Evidently, this was an inheritance that a Gu Master left behind.


 In order to appraise these stone slabs, Fang Yuan had taken many crystal clear Gu, sunshine Gu, moonshine Gu etc from Ge tribe’s inventory.


 Just earlier, he had used these Gu worms and injected his primeval essence skillfully to test them.


 These methods were unique ways to appraise grey-white stone slabs.


 In the end, these methods became the key to activating the secret of this stone slab.


 "The Gu Master who created this stone slab counterfeit not only used painting idea Gu, he also used other Gu worms to form this effect. This is an inheritance from a Gu Master, in order to find the inheritor, he spent quite a bit of effort."


 Fang Yuan smiled, to think that under such a situation, he obtained the clues to a Gu Master’s inheritance.


 Inheritance was one of the cultural identity of this world.


 Be it righteous or demonic Gu Masters, they would choose to create an inheritance, to leave behind an imprint unique to them in this world.


 Although he was lucky to receive clues about this inheritance, Fang Yuan did not show much joy.


 In his previous five hundred years, he had encountered many of such situations, he was used to it.


 Most Gu Masters would leave their inheritances behind.


 Therefore, inheritances were always in ample numbers. There were Gu Immortal inheritances, rank four or rank five Gu Master inheritances, these were the truly valuable ones. But there were also many rank two or three inheritances, even those made by rank one Gu Masters.


 With the passing of time and natural or man-made disasters, many Gu Masters often leave disappointed when exploring an inheritance.


 Some inheritances were destroyed long ago. Others were already taken by the time someone found it. For some inheritances, they were demonic inheritances, traps created by someone meticulously, those mentally twisted Gu Masters who wanted to take revenge on the world before dying.


 "I am too busy right now, I cannot abandon my plans for such a vague inheritance. Moreover, with just this map, where am I going to find that ’Di Qiu’ place anyway."


 Getting Di Qiu inheritance map was only a tiny accident, Fang Yuan quickly forgot about it.


 In the following days, he continued cultivating while refining Gu.


 From what he gained from the two tribes, he saw an improved recipe and found it interesting.


 Taking out a few Gu worms from Ge tribe’s warehouse, he spent a few days, and after failing twice, he refined the rank three eagle wings to the rank four eagle rise Gu.


 Speaking of which, this eagle wings Gu was nearly unused in his hands. After Fang Yuan left poison grassland, he came to Hong Yan valley and reached Ge tribe camp. When he walked around the few markets that were set up during his stay, he bought it.


 Wolf King Chang Shan Yin was not a flying expert. Fang Yuan would not use this master level technique easily.


 This was a trump card, once he used it, it would shock the world.


 Chang Shan Yin went missing for more than ten years, it was easy to make an excuse. Who knows what opportunities and inheritances he came across during the years, why couldn’t he become a flying expert?


 A few days after refining eagle rise Gu, Ge Guang visited Fang Yuan personally and brought the latest news with him.


 "Ma tribe had completely absorbed Fei tribe, and became Tian Chuan heroes assembly’s main character..."


 "At Meng Qiu heroes assembly, Nu Er tribe’s representative is a rank five Gu Master Nu Er Tu."


 "Cao Fu’s Zhao tribe? Mm, that Zhao Lian Yun, Ma Hong Yun’s wife, the wondrous woman who became a wisdom path Gu immortal in the future, is only a young innocent girl now."


 "No matter what, Ma tribe gained so much attention now, they definitely planning something big, to fight for the coveted throne of the Lord of the Imperial Court. This is the same as in my previous life’s memories. But will Ma Hong Yun appear?"


 Fang Yuan thought about it as he recalled.


 He could vaguely remember that during this contest, Ma tribe showed outstanding strength, especially during the start, they had strong troops and high morale, they defeated many strong foes.


 But a tall tree is the first to face destruction, soil that is nearest to the water will be the first to be swept away by the currents.


 Ma tribe gained too much attention, they were targeted by experienced tribes of the Huang Jin family, after several tough battles, although they won, they had great losses and were weakened.


 Eventually, Ma tribe was forced by Hei Lou Lan, facing encirclement. Hei tribe had a great number of people, but Ma tribe had fortified defense, they were able to protect themselves.


 Hei Lou Lan brought his troops personally but was unable to gain victory, seeing the approaching blizzard, he had to relent.


 After Ma tribe submitted to Hei tribe, they gained the rights to enter the Imperial Court. Ma Hong Yun, with his absurd luck, also managed to get in.


 Precisely because he used this opportunity, he obtained the partial inheritance of an Immortal Venerable inside the Eighty-Eight Edge Treasure Building, which became the foundation for his rise in the future.


 At this moment, Ge Guang spoke, asking Fang Yuan: "Lord Supreme Elder, most of the heroes assembly are taking place fervently now. Our Yu Tian heroes assembly also has many experts and competitors, engaging in fierce competition. Among them, Liu Wen Wu and Hei Lou Lan are the two tribes with the greatest strength, the other forces cannot compete with them."


 "Right now, only our tribe is still left in crescent lake. Even the large-sized tribes have set off for Yu Tian, to attend the heroes assembly. After these days of recuperating, we have already digested most of our battle spoils, and stabilized the situation. If we don’t set off now, we might not make it in time."


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 The heroes assembly was a place where forces probed each other and created powerful alliances.


 Although Ge tribe gained strength quickly, they were only a mid-sized tribe. If they did not attend the heroes assembly, and detached themselves from the rules of the game, they would be ostracised, that had a huge impact on them.


 Although Ge tribe leader was Ge Guang, every since Fang Yuan took the role of supreme elder, his decision was already the number one priority of Ge tribe.


 During these days, Ge Guang and the other higher-ups were starting to get anxious.


 They did not have Fang Yuan’s memories, they did not know that during this Yu Tian heroes assembly, there would be a huge contest, and thus it ended the latest.


 Fang Yuan had made his arrangements in light of this.


 He waved his hand, saying to Ge Guang: "Although the tribe has stabilized, that is only on the surface. In the dark, there are still many people whose hearts are not with us. If we really went to battle, even with a mid-sized tribe’s scale, we would not be able to unleash the corresponding strength."


 Ge Guang lowered his head, listening to Fang Yuan’s teachings patiently.


 Fang Yuan continued: "Yu Tian heroes assembly’s contest has just entered the climax. We are in no rush to get there. For now, we are going to onion valley."


 "Onion valley?" Ge Guang showed some confusion.


 Onion valley was a place like crescent lake, it was a wide valley overgrown with green onions, it was a unique habitat.


 There, large numbers of beast groups lived, at a larger scale than crescent lake. of course, there were countless wild Gu worms.


 Among them, there was the extremely famous rank two Gu, onion explosion Gu.


 This Gu looked like an onion, but it was not green or white, instead it was red like fire. Once activated, it would emit an intense odor.


 When wild beasts smell it, they would turn irascible, showing their wild nature, they would be more likely to attack people.


 Thus, onion valley was much more dangerous than crescent lake.


 Why did he want to go to such a dangerous place instead of attending the heroes assembly?


 But soon, Fang Yuan said his reason: "Very long ago, I bred some wolves in onion valley, after these years of growing, they should’ve matured and expanded."


 "So that’s it!" Ge Guang’s eyes shone.


 It was very resource expending to nurture an enslavement path Gu Master, just the food needed to feed their wild beasts daily was an astronomical figure.


 These days, in order to take care of Fang Yuan’s wolves, Ge tribe had expended a lot of their resources, causing Ge Guang to wince in pain and have a clear understanding of this.


 Thus, many enslavement path Gu Master would choose to let beast groups grow on their own.


 They would choose some appropriate locations and leave some beasts behind as the seeds.


 Once in a while, they would go to check their growth, if the beast group expanded, they would have profited.


 Of course, the chances of having gains was low, in most situations, the beast groups would shrivel, or even get exterminated.


 But even so, most enslavement path Gu Masters would choose to do so.


 After all, enslavement path was a huge burden on resources. How many moral Gu Master could be like Fang Yuan, sending their beast groups into the blessed land?


 After Fang Yuan said that, Ge Guang immediately understood.


 "After so many years, the wolf king is still around, but I do not know how many wolves there are left. But this time when we attend the heroes assembly, the more wolves there are, the better it is for us. We will have greater authority and voice if our wolf group is larger."


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s words, Ge Guang nodded, agreeing: "Lord Supreme Elder is right, then when do we set off?"


 "Today." Fang Yuan said.



***
Chapter 497: Mo Shi Kuang


***





 Chapter 497: Mo Shi Kuang


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The sky was pure and azure, and the ground was like a sea of jade.


 The soil here was especially fertile with water plants growing lushly, reaching up to a man’s knee.


 This was the famous Yu Tian of Northern Plains, reputed as one of the most abundant pasturelands. Now, people were gathering here with their banners fluttering in the wind.


 Yu Tian’s heroes assembly had already lasted for half a month.


 In the first week, every tribe was shouting their own slogans, causing clamor and disturbance. But gradually, all the forces began to join up through alliances. And now, the two strongest forces remained.


 One side was Liu tribe’s Liu Wen Wu and another was Hei tribe’s Hei Lou Lan.


 At this moment, the two sides were valiantly confronting each other.


 In the center of the people was built a spacious battle stage.


 In the battle stage, two Northern Plains’ Gu Masters were having an intense battle; both of them with rank four cultivation.


 Outside the stage, everyone was looking at the battle intensely. Battles at tribe leader levels were not something they normally had a chance to observe.


 Especially the two people on the stage; one righteous and another demonic, both were famous characters and had deep hatred against each other!


 "Water Demon, hand over your life!" The middle aged Gu Master in the battle stage shouted and stamped his foot, jumping into the air.


 In the air, he took a deep breath then breathed out a basket-sized dark flame towards his opponent.


 Water Demon Hao Ji Liu’s heart gave warning signs.


 His eyes flashed with blue light as he crazily poured his yellow gold primeval essence into water wall Gu.


 "Rise!"


 He raised his two palms from bottom to top; his movement looked heavy as if he was lifting a weight of ten thousand catties.


 Following his movement, boundless water vapor formed into a blue waterfall that rose up from the ground.


 The waterfall charged up in reverse and then came down, forming an arch of thick water wall.


 The dark flames slowly fell onto the water wall and was immediately extinguished.


 "Huh?" The spectators were stunned. They were just about to ridicule Water Demon for making a big fuss over nothing, when suddenly the spark with only a bit of light left in it suddenly exploded!


 BOOM!!!


 The deafening explosion was like the crackling of the thunder.


 Great amounts of flames rushed forth and evaporated the thick water wall into water vapor.


 The strong impact created a frantic wind that rapidly spread everywhere.


 But the storm could not get out of the stage. There were Gu Masters standing around the battle stage, activating their defensive Gu to form a round barrier that firmly guarded the stage.


 "Such terrifying skill!"


 "Such intense explosion has already neared the effect of a rank five Gu. This killer move has all along been concealed by Fire Prodigal Chai Ming!"


 "Although Water Demon detected it, he still underestimated Lord Chai Ming’s attack."


 As the shocks from the explosion started to dull down, everyone started discussing and making a din with their gaze concentrating on the battle stage.


 Even Hei Lou Lan and Liu Wen Wu were unable to take their eyes off.


 But within the round light barrier, water vapor caused the stage to become a scene of white, making people unable to see clearly.


 Everyone patiently waited and when the water vapor dispersed, Chai Ming was still standing tall on the stage while gasping and looking at the body under his foot: "Water Demon, did you think a day like this would come when you killed my father that year?!"


 Water Demon Hao Ji Liu spurted out mouthfuls of blood showing a pained expression under Chai Ming’s step.


 "Hahaha, it is our win!"


 "Lord Chai Ming is mighty!"


 The spectators were dazed for a while before the side belonging to Liu Wen Wu burst out with extremely loud cheers.


 On the other hand, on Hei Lou Lan’s side, some onlookers were silent, while others had twitching mouths.


 "Brother Lou Lan, you let me win 1 ." Liu Wen Wu stood up from his seat and cupped his fists towards Hei Lou Lan with a smile, showing an elegant demeanour.


 Hei Lou Lan looked like he had not expected this result as he coldly snorted. Just as he was about to say few words to keep up with the formalities...


 Whoosh!


 A soft sound sounded out, and Chai Ming looked towards his chest in shock.


 A sharp water blade protruded out of his heart.


 He looked back slowly to see his enemy Hao Ji Liu malevolently smiling towards him with his face full of blisters from the fire.


 "This is the real body, then under my foot is...." Chai Ming was full of doubts.


 Bang.


 Coincidentally at this time, the ’Hao Ji Liu’ under his feet turned into a pool of water and dispersed.


 "It is water image Gu!" someone exclaimed.


 "Water image Gu is a rare rank four Gu, but Water Demon clearly used many other methods to make his water image look so lifelike."


 The sounds beside his ears allowed Chai Ming to understand the reason for his defeat.


 "Despicable...." He said the last word of his life and died with an extremely indignant heart.


 "Lord Chai Ming!" Many people cried out in sorrow.


 "Brother!!" Chai tribe leader cried out with tears rapidly flowing down his eyes.


 "Hahaha..." Hei Lou Lan threw his head back and laughed loudly without concealing his joy in the slightest. He raised his thumb towards the Water Demon, "Hao Ji Liu, you did great! Come, drink this wine!"


 "Many thanks for lord’s reward." Water Demon walked off the stage while grimacing in pain from the burns that were all over his body, but still accepted the cup of wine and drank it in one shot.


 "Great wine!" He gave a flattering smile and returned the wine cup to Hei Lou Lan.


 Although everyone disdained his shamelessness, his strength was displayed in front of them and with adding in his evil reputation, no one ridiculed or mocked him.


 Hei Lou Lan waved his hand and spoke with his coarse and boorish voice: "Take this cup as a reward too. Yan Cui Er, come, bring me a new cup and pour me the best wine!"


 Following his beckoning, a beautiful young girl in gorgeous attire obediently walked forward and places several wine cups in the table in front of Hei Lou Lan, then gracefully poured wine.


 She was the eldest daughter of Yan tribe, Liu Wen Wu’s fiancee; kidnapped by Water Demon Hao Ji Liu, she was offered to Hei Lou Lan as a meeting gift.


 Hei Lou Lan hurriedly brought Yan Cui Er with him to the heroes assembly as an attack against Liu Wen Wu.


 "Young master Liu, you can’t win against me. Why not admit defeat and I shall return your fiancee to you?" Hei Lou Lan drank the wine in one shot and boorishly wiped off the wine that dropped to his beard.


 "Hehehe, why does a man have to worry about having no wife? This girl is beautiful, but how could she replace the ambition inside my heart? Brother Lou Lan, haven’t you heard of the old saying that women are like clothes while brothers are like our hands and feet ? Since brother Lou Lan likes her, feel free to have her." Liu Wen Wu chuckled, showing not even a bit of anger.


 "Young master Liu is really ambitious!"


 "Young master Liu Wen Wu is a true man of our Northern Plains."


 "Right, only such a person is worthy for us to follow!"


 Liu tribe’s side spoke one after another in support of Liu Wen Wu. Since it was a woman, they were not moved and did not have any thoughts of retorting.


 This was the tradition of Northern Plains, regarding men as superior to women; w omen are like clothes and brothers are like hands and feet — this saying was said by none other than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 The bloodlines that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had passed on was collectively called as Huang Jin family.


 Huang Jin family held the supreme authority in Northern Plains and also followed the old ancestor’s tradition.


 Since Liu Wen Wu could compete with Hei Lou Lan on equal terms, he was naturally not somebody easy to deal with. His words were instead secretly ridiculing Hei Lou Lan’s lustful and unambitious nature, giving him an appearance that he was not infatuated with the mortal affairs.


 Hei Lou Lan furiously snorted: "Your Liu tribe has always been able to talk well. But so what? Come come come, we will send our people on the stage and have a match!"


 Liu Wen Wu’s expression immediately changed a little.


 Rather than Yan Cui Er, this was his greatest weak spot.


 In the previous nine matches, he only won three matches and lost many experts. In the battle just before, he even lost the rank four expert Fire Prodigal Chai Ming.


 Now, Hei Lou Lan was inviting him for battle again, and he had no choice but to accept.


 If he did not accept, it would show his cowardice. The men of the Northern Plains despised a cowardly master the most.


 But if he accepted, he was sure to lose more than win.


 "Damn it, this bastard is intentionally challenging me to weaken my elite battle forces. But I cannot show weakness in the heroes assembly. Who should I send this time?"


 Liu Wen Wu inwardly gritted his teeth, his gaze sweeping beside him.


 There were people from both righteous and demonic path who had sided with him, with no lack of famous characters. But at this moment, they did not dare to meet Liu Wen Wu’s gaze and either lowered their head or gazed far away.


 Right as Liu Wen Wu’s subordinates were feeling awkward, a loud voice came from a distance: "Big brother, no need to worry, send me!"


 "Third brother has come." Liu Wen Wu was very happy at the voice.


 The crowd parted and created a passage. The person who walked through the path caused everyone to be surprised.


 This person was tall with a beefed up body, a fierce mouth and wide nose, skin as dark as ink, with snowy white lush hair and beard that seemed to blend together like a lion’s mane.


 The white hair and black skin was such an unusual appearance that caused the crowd to be dazed for a while before someone exclaimed, revealing this person’s identity - "This person — is an inkman!"


 Rockman, eggman, hairy man and inkman were not Ren Zu’s descendants but variant men.


 Inkman was also recorded in the Legends of Ren Zu. Their homeland was the Book Mountain.


 The book mountain had an Ink Waterfall which would crash down on the Literature Spring, and the raging ink would fall on the rocks, forming inkmen.


 "Big brother, little brother is late!" This inkman walked to the center of the site and bowed deeply towards Liu Wen Wu.


 "Not late, not late. You came at a good time." Liu Wen Wu patted the inkman’s shoulder and introduced him to everyone, "Everyone, this is Mo Shi Kuang, whom I have sworn brotherhood to at my early years."


 "Mo Shi Kuang.... Young master Liu really has good vision, fooling around with an insignificant variant man. Alright, let my Viper Prince exchange moves with your brother."


 From Hei Lou Lan’s side, a male Gu Master with triangular eyes walked out.


 "Come." Viper Prince walked to the battle stage and beckoned Mo Shi Kuang with his finger.


 Mo Shi Kuang was provoked by this action and immediately jumped to the stage in fury: "Die!"


 He clapped his two palms.


 BOOM!


 An invisible force swept everything, crushing towards viper prince without any obstacle.


 "What? Qi path!? Rank four peak stage!! Shit..." Viper Prince could not even finish speaking before he was crushed into minced meat which then splattered everywhere.


 The result was decided with one move.


 Gasp...


 The sounds of sucking in cold breath resounded in the air.



***
Chapter 498: Wolf Howl


***





 Chapter 498: Wolf Howl


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hei Lou Lan looked at Mo Shi Kuang with a gloomy face.


 He had a bad premonition when Mo Shi Kuang stepped on the stage, but when Mo Shi Kuang smashed Viper Prince into minced meat with one move, Hei Lou Lan’s heart turned heavy.


 Mo Shi Kuang was a rank four peak stage expert and cultivated Qi path.


 Humans were the spirit of all living beings and could awaken their aperture through hope Gu.


 Since variant men had the ’man’ word on them, they naturally had higher spirituality than beasts. But this spirituality was much less than humans. Thus, only few variant men could achieve such accomplishments in cultivating.


 The absolute majority of the variant men would never awaken their aperture in their whole life, only a few fortunate ones could.


 Only the fortunate among these fortunate ones could achieve success in cultivation.


 This Mo Shi Kuang was one such special case.


 "No wonder Liu Wen Wu made friends with Mo Shi Kuang, if it were me, I will also be willing to make friends with such a rank four peak stage expert." Realization dawned upon many people.


 "Hey, the black-skinned fatty over there, is it you who wants to oppose my big brother? Come come, send your experts, let me slap your lackeys flat!" Mo Shi Kuang patted his chest and shouted loudly, a heroic aura showed in his boorish manner.


 "Black-skinned fatty..." Hei Lou Lan’s eyelids twitched and was extremely angry, ’Although I am fat, am I as black as you? This black boor is really hateful!"


 "Hei Xiu Yi." Hei Lou Lan lightly called, his calm voice holding within a burning rage.


 "Here!" A thin man immediately responded.


 "Go teach this guy a lesson."


 "Yes, lord tribe leader." Hei Xiu Yi agreed expressionlessly and unhurriedly walked.


 His gaze was as indifferent as ice. As he walked, a black light blossomed over his whole light. The black light condensed and formed an armor that firmly covered him.


 Next, a dim green halo flew over his head.


 Fifty-six flying bone shields flew out and hovered beside him, completely shielding him.


 Similarly, nine greyish-blue ghost faces whimpered and hovered around him.


 By the time he stepped on the stage, he was completely armed and protected.


 The crowd was in a clamor, Hei Lou Lan’s words were very imposing but he actually sent a defensive Gu Master to bring out Mo Shi Kuang’s trump cards.


 "Ahahahaha." Mo Shi Kuang was instead very happy, "You are a guy asking for a beating, come, eat my punch!"


 The moment he finished speaking, his right hand clenched into a fist and fiercely punched at Hei Xiu Yi.


 Instantly, his fist strength condensed into a thick fist qi which fiercely slammed at Hei Xiu Yi who was dozen of steps away.


 If it was someone else, just this punch would leave them handicapped if not dead.


 But Hei Xiu Yi forcibly took on this punch; his upper body shook a bit, but his lower body did not move in the slightest.


 "Good!" Mo Shi Kuang was very happy at this. He was different from ordinary inkmen, and was extremely addicted to fighting. He became thrilled at this moment and shouted, "Again!"


 He slowly took off to the air, his snow-white hair swaying loosely with the air. After pulling open a distance from Hei Xiu Yi, he started to punch rapidly.


 The punch shadows rained down like a torrential rain, the translucent fist qi shooting towards Hei Xiu Yi.


 ORA ORA ORA!!!!


 The fist qi exploded on Hei Xiu Yi’s armor, producing a sound like that of thunder crackling.


 But Hei Xiu Yi was like a giant reef that would stand tall no matter how many sea waves struck it.


 The fifty six flying bone shields dispelled most of the force on him.


 Some bits and pieces of fist qi struck at his black iron like armor, but it was of no use.


 The scattered qi flow was absorbed completely by the nine ghost faces.


 When Mo Shi Kuang’s crazed attacks stopped, the halo above Hei Xiu Yi let out a dim green light and shone down upon the flying bone shield, completely repairing the cracks in the shields.


 "Let me return this to you." Hei Xiu Yi sneered; the nine ghost faces opened their mouths together and spurted out dozens of fist qi.


 Shockingly, Mo Shi Kuang’s attack was returned back to him in full.


 Mo Shi Kuang was dazed at the dozens of fist qi; the fist qi exploded on him one after another and he crashed down to the ground.


 "Hahaha, rank four peak stage is nothing outstanding." Immediately, someone shouted outside the stage.


 "Young master!" A person beside Liu Wen Wu nervously shouted, "Hei Xiu Yi is one of the three commanders of the black banner troops; a rank four upper stage Gu Master specialized in defense. Should we call Mo Shi Kuang back?"


 "Don’t worry." Liu Wen Wu was not worried and instead had a joyful smile as he looked at Hei Lou Lan then at Hei Xiu Yi at the stage, "My third brother is extremely addicted to fighting. The stronger the opponent is, the more excited he becomes. Hehe, watch the show unfold now."


 "Hahaha... refreshing, so refreshing." Mo Shi Kuang suddenly let out a crazed laughter and jumped up from the ground.


 His eyes turned as red as fire and he looked at Hei Xiu Yi with a burning gaze.


 "You are somewhat interesting, worthy of me using half my strength." Mo Shi Kuang said earnestly.


 Hei Xiu Yi was naturally not happy: "Hmph, boastful guy, give me all you’ve got!"


 "HAAAAAAH!" Mo Shi Kuang’s body shook, an intense inhuman aura like that of lions or bears erupted from his body, oppressing everyone’s hearts.


 Whoosh!


 He rushed to the sky with overflowing might like that of a demon god, and lifted his right leg.


 "Here it comes!" He excitedly shouted and kicked his right leg towards Hei Xiu Yi.


 Whoosh!


 The sound of the wind suddenly whirled and boundless air condensed into an enormous foot.


 This foot was nearly transparent and was as big as a small hill. It crashed down rapidly with an incomparably violent momentum.


 "Such an attack!" For a moment, not only Hei Xiu Yi, but Hei Lou Lan and others all stared with their eyes wide open.


 "Defend, use all your strength!!" The several rank three Gu Masters who were in charge of defending the site, shouted one after another.


 The enormous foot stamped down; Hei Xiu Yi gritted his teeth and immediately sent his fifty-six flying bone shields to take it on.


 But the flying bone shields could not last for even a second and were smashed by the foot!


 Next, the enormous foot smashed down like a mountain.


 The green halo was instantly broken, the nine ghost faces did their best to absorb the force but could only weaken one-tenth of it before dispersing.


 The chaotic air flow could not even scatter before it was suppressed by the enormous foot.


 Hei Xiu Yi felt an irresistible force heavily pressing down on his spine. He wanted to resist, but was powerless and within a few breaths of time, was pressed down to the ground.


 The black iron armor which had made him famous was crushed to pieces by the huge force.


 Crack...


 The sounds of his bones breaking continuously entered his ears and large amounts of blood flowed out of his seven facial orifices.


 The huge force was still spreading towards the surroundings. Several defensive Gu Masters had to sacrifice their lives to maintain the light barrier and not let it collapse.


 After the dust dispersed, Hei Xiu Yi was lying on the ground like a dead dog, motionless and at his last breath.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression paled as he stood up immediately. Hei Xiu Yi was part of his direct family line and was one of the three commanders of the black banner troops; without him, black banner troop’s battle strength would fall by at least twenty percent. At the same time, Hei Xiu Yi was Hei tribe’s supreme elder’s grand-nephew’s son, so this was a matter of utmost concern.


 Hei Lou Lan had never expected Mo Shi Kuang to be so strong; his strike could almost jump realms and challenge rank five Gu Masters.


 Hei Xiu Yi could not be lost, Hei Lou Lan immediately sent orders: "Bring back Hei Xiu Yi!"


 Immediately, two rank three Gu Masters rushed forward.


 The defensive Gu Masters hesitated but not wanting to offend Hei Lou Lan, they did not block the way, instead loosening up the barrier.


 "Lord, this Hei Lou Lan is extremely shameless, actually is trying to break the rules! Let me go too!" A Liu tribe elder shouted in indignation.


 Liu Wen Wu, however, just chuckled: "Nothing to worry, let them experience the power of my sworn brother."


 "A group of scoundrels!" Mo Shi Kuang shouted in fury before waving forward with his right fist.


 He seemed to be dragging a thousand jun of weight as he moved his hand, giving a feeling of slow exertion of power.


 An enormous arm made of qi - fifty feet in length and ten feet wide - rapidly formed under everyone’s dumbstruck gaze.


 Whoosh...


 The qi arm produced a sound like that of a roaring dragon or tiger and also seemed like a hurricane that would blow away everything.


 The enormous qi arm fiercely swept across in a wild and unrestrained manner; if it came across mountains, it would break them, and if it came across seas, it would split them!


 The two rank three Gu Masters that came to rescue Hei Xiu Yi were like flies as they were swept flying by the enormous qi arm.


 The qi arm then swept outside the stage, causing sounds of shocks and screams to resound.


 Many spectating Gu Masters who were not able to dodge in time were smashed into minced meat by the qi arm. Hei Lou Lan and his group hurriedly retreated to avoid the brunt of the attack.


 "Courting death!"


 "Kill him!"


 "He actually attacked us, let’s attack him together!!"


 Hei Lou Lan and his group who avoided the brunt of the attack, made their moves one after another and immediately shattered the qi arm.


 "Hahaha, more!" Mo Shi Kuang did not show a hint of fear in facing so many Gu Masters, and instead became even more happy, his battle intent burning high.


 He advanced instead of retreating like a tiger that had came out of the mountain, his beard fluttering as he charged towards Hei Lou Lan and the group.


 "Not good, third brother has gone berserk again." Liu Wen Wu could not remain calm anymore, he waved his hand, "Everyone, follow me to reinforce third brother!"


 Liu tribe’s side also entered the battle; heroes assembly immediately turned into a chaotic mess, an unprecedented large chaotic battle suddenly unfolded.


 Mo Shi Kuang rampaged here and there in the battlefield, and Hei Lou Lan along with his group smoothly grabbed Hei Xiu Yi and retreated. Chai tribe’s Gu Masters charged towards Water Demon Hao Ji Liu, and the heavily injured Hao Ji Liu could only flee here and there...


 It was chaos.


 "Shit! This is only the heroes assembly, we absolutely cannot have such a battle and suffer huge losses, if so how will we vie for the Imperial Court?"


 "What to do? Even if our side wins, it will be a miserable victory!"


 Liu Wen Wu and Hei Lou Lan felt the situation was far from good, they tried to stop it but it was in vain.


 Howl!


 Right at this moment, an intensely desolate wolf howl spread from far away, manifesting the presence of a beast emperor.


 Howl!


 Countless wolf howls followed soon after. The howling merged into a grand and majestic howl that resounded all over heaven and earth!



***
Chapter 499: Turtle Jade Wolf Skin Gu


***





 Chapter 499: Turtle Jade Wolf Skin Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "What happened?"


 "Is there a wolf tide coming?!"


 "So many wolves! There are night wolves, wind wolves, turtleback wolves, wait! There are water wolves and vermillion flame wolves!"


 The shocked voices called out as the people stopped fighting, turning around and focusing their attention on the wolves.


 But what they saw was a grand wolf army approaching from all directions. All sorts of northern plains wolves gathered together, and charged over collectively.


 The black and nimble night wolves, the elegant wind wolves, the defensive turtleback wolves, the pure as snow water wolves, and the ones coated in blazing flames, vermillion flame wolves...


 These wolf groups came together, each had at least several tens of thousands in number. At once, the grand wolf army filled everyone’s field of vision, causing people to feel suffocated as a chill grew in their hearts.


 A group of people moved slowly under the protection of the wolf groups. Large numbers of farm slug Gu, black skin fat armor beetles carried huge amounts of resources, while lizard house Gu moved their four limbs forward. There was a grand tribe flag carried by one of them, symbolizing the main tent’s location. On the blue flag, there was a huge word written as ’Ge’.


 "It’s Ge tribe..."


 "That means, this is Chang Shan Yin’s wolf army?"


 "Didn’t Chang Shan Yin battle three tribes consecutively, how did his wolf groups expand by so much?"


 Suspicion and questions filled everyone’s hearts.


 "According to our intel, the Wolf King has night wolves, wind wolves, and turtleback wolves. But where did he get all these water wolves and vermillion flame wolves?" Liu Wen Wu’s face was grim.


 "Big brother." Mo Shi Kuang returned to Liu Wen Wu’s side, the huge wolf groups caused his heart to jump secretly.


 "The water wolves can be explained, after all Ge tribe stayed in crescent lake for such a long time, and water wolves are most common there. But can anyone tell me where these eighty thousand vermillion flame wolves came from?"


 "Vermillion flame wolves are much rarer than wind wolves, water wolves, and night wolves, they have the strongest attack power among wild wolves. We have to check clearly, where did Chang Shan Yin get such a powerful force suddenly? Can anyone tell me?!"


 At once, countless tribe leaders and elders cursed the intel gathering Gu Masters in their tribes.


 "Forget the vermillion flame wolves, look at that largest night wolf, is it a wolf emperor?!" Zhong Fei You pointed as he shouted.


 The truth is, once the night wolf emperor appeared, numerous gazes were already assessing it.


 "It truly is... a night wolf emperor." The authority of a wolf emperor was absolute, after Bei Cao Chuan clarified it, he said dryly.


 Everyone gasped.


 Wolf emperor!


 This was equivalent to the strength of a rank five Gu Master!!


 Chang Shan Yin was only a rank four Gu Master, he actually had control of a wolf emperor?


 As expected of an established character, the hero of northern plains, the one who had once single handedly taken down Ha Tu Gu and his band of bandits, this legend!


 "Damn it! How did his strength rise so much? With the wolf emperor, he is already on par with Ma Zun, Jiang Bao Ya, and Yang Po Tian!" Pei Yan Fei who wanted to take revenge clenched his fists, the grand wolf army made him feel a strong sense of helplessness and defeat.


 Seeing the wolf army approaching them, everyone showed a grim and fearful expression.


 The chaotic battle had stopped, everyone was gathering around Liu Wen Wu and Hei Lou Lan’s side, getting into their formations.


 Soon after, under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan rode the white-eyes wolf as he followed Ge Guang and the rest and came to Hei Lou Lan.


 "Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, I’ve long heard of your name!" Hei Lou Lan first greeted him.


 Hei Lou Lan’s body was bulky like an angry bear, his uneven shiny white teeth were like daggers giving people a ruthless feeling. His triangular eyes shone with threatening brilliance.


 This person was extremely lecherous, it was a well known fact in northern plains.


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly as he turned to look at Liu Wen Wu.


 Liu Wen Wu wore white clothes, having a scholarly aura, looking like a perfect young master. His eyes were mild and his face was like jade. Beside him, there was a nine feet tall ink man, his body was black and he had white hair, standing like a guardian, he was the number one fierce general in this Imperial Court competition — Mo Shi Kuang.


 Liu Wen Wu’s heart jumped, Fang Yuan’s deep gaze made him feel amiss.


 Chang Shan Yin and Chang tribe’s enmity had already been spread to the world by Ge tribe during the battle in crescent lake.


 Right now, Chang tribe had already submitted to Liu Wen Wu, if Chang Shan Yin wants revenge on Chang tribe, he would first have to deal with Liu Wen Wu.


 Fang Yuan retracted his gaze, looking at Hei Lou Lan, he said with a plain tone but his voice resounded in everyone’s ears: "The reason why I have returned is to exact revenge. Coincidentally, the competition for the Imperial Court was undergoing, this will also allow me to meet all the grand heroes in northern plains. Brother Lou Lan, why don’t we team up?"


 Hei Lou Lan’s pupils shrunk, as he happily stood up, walking towards Fang Yuan, grabbing his shoulders as he laughed: "Gaining Wolf King’s help, it would be my greatest honor!"


 At Hei tribe, the people suddenly exploded as their cheered loudly.


 "Your defeated opponent, Hao Ji Liu, pays respect to Lord Wolf King." Water Demon paid respects to Fang Yuan with trepidation.


 Hei Lou Lan frowned, immediately turning around, although Hao Ji Liu had gained some merits, if he offended Chang Shan Yin, Hei Lou Lan would have to kill him to express goodwill towards Chang Shan Yin.


 But Fang Yuan nodded at Hao Ji Liu: "No matter, just do your best from now on."


 Hao Ji Liu breathed a huge sigh of relief.


 "Hahaha, the Wolf King truly has a big heart, such magnanimity, I am in awe!" Hei Lou Lan’s laughter became louder, Hao Ji Liu was a rank four upper stage Gu aster, an absolute expert. Now that he got the best of both worlds, he was overjoyed.


 While Hei tribe rejoiced, Liu tribe sank into solemness.


 Although Liu Wen Wu had predicted this, his mood still turned terrible.


 "If I had known this, I would not have agreed to Chang tribe’s request. How can a Chang tribe compare to Chang Shan Yin? Sigh, but now that the deed has been done, I cannot salvage it further."


 He sighed in his heart.


 Yan Cui Er was his wife-to-be, but he could discard her. Not just because of the patriarchal traditions, but also because Yan tribe had been exterminated.


 But Chang tribe’s strength was still intact.


 If he really gave up on Chang tribe, it would make all the tribes that subdued to him feel disheartened and fearful, he, Liu Wen Wu, could not do such a thing.


 "Hei tribe leader, my Wang tribe would like to join you, what do you think?"


 "Hei Lou Lan, my Fang tribe will be betting on you this time."


 "Ye tribe is willing to submit to Hei tribe."


 At once, several of the undecided large tribes immediately chose to side with Hei Lou Lan.


 Although Liu Wen Wu had fierce generals like Mo Shi Kuang, Wolf King Chang Shan Yin had allied with Hei Lou Lan.


 With such a huge wolf group as the vanguard, who knows how many people’s lives would be saved in the future.


 This way, all of the tribes at Yu Tian heroes assembly made their choices. A large portion joined Hei Lou Lan, while the rest went to Liu Wen Wu.


 "Hahaha, Liu tribe’s lad, we will meet on the battlefield next time!"


 "Brother Lou Lan, till we meet again."


 Now was not the time to fight, there were still several powerful forces outside of Yu Tian. The two groups were vigilant as they moved away from each other, towards their main camp.


 On the way back, Liu Wen Wu called the intel tribe elder and chided him in public: "Where did Chang Shan Yin’s wolves come from? Investigate, investigate it clearly!"


 "Yes young master! I will definitely make up for my mistake..." The tribe elder left with a forehead full of sweat.


 "Brother, don’t worry. Regardless of how many wolves he has, I can directly attack and kill that Chang Shan Yin." Mo Shi Kuang consoled him with a fearless tone.


 But Liu Wen Wu was deep in thoughts.


 Against an enslavement path master, one would definitely choose the beheading leader tactic. But now that Chang Shan Yin has gone to Hei Lou Lan, when they meet in battle again, Hei tribe would definitely keep him protected.


 By then, it would be extremely difficult to kill him!


 But, he could not ignore the concern of his sworn brother.


 Liu Wen Wu smiled lightly, patting Mo Shi Kuang’s shoulder: "Hehehe, third brother, you are an unparalleled warrior that can easily take the enemy’s head, of course I trust you."


 "Big brother, you forgot about second brother. As long as he comes out of his closed cultivation, us three brothers would be able to work together, what’s there to fear in the entire northern plains?" Mo Shi Kuang laughed.


 "Second brother?" Liu Wen Wu’s eyes shone, the pressure lifting in his heart: "That’s right, when second brother comes out, Chang Shan Yin is not our match when we work together. but now, we should not bother with Hei tribe, this is a troublesome tribe. We should take down the west area and gather our strength, and strengthen ourselves."


 "Just do what you want brother, I will follow behind you."


 At the same time, at another group, Hei Lou Lan laughed loudly: "Hahaha, after today, Yu Tian heroes assembly’s news will spread, all the forces around here will feel a great headache. Brother Shan Yin, your wolf army will definitely make them suspicious and scared."


 Fang Yuan had great strength, Hei Lou Lan had paid attention to him long ago. Now that he joined him willingly, this Hei tribe leader definitely had to build a relationship with him.


 Not only did he treat Chang Shan Yin as an equal, when they talked, he even started calling him brother.


 Fang Yuan heard Hei Lou Lan’s words and knew this was a secretive inquisition, thus he laughed plainly: "To speak the truth, I did not expect such gains. Back then at onion valley, I left some wolves behind. To think that after these years, they would expand to this extent."


 Ge Guang beside him also said: "That’s right, when Lord Supreme Elder came out of onion valley, the endless number of wolves stunned us all."


 The truth was, after Fang Yuan went into onion valley alone, he opened the stargate and connected it to Hu Immortal blessed land, bringing out most of the wolves inside.


 When he led the wolf group back to Ge tribe, almost everyone was speechless. This way, the entire Ge tribe was his witness.


 At the same time, he covered up his tracks on onion valley.


 Right now, the evidences were solid as a mountain.


 "Hahaha, brother Shan Yin’s luck is truly admirable. Letting the wolf groups develop on their own is a helpless measure, one rarely gained anything. Brother managed to get some gains, you truly are a fated individual, even heaven wants you to come out of seclusion once more. To speak the truth, after you disappeared, the entire northern plain went silent. Heaven did not want to see this, it did not want a grand character like brother to end up being secluded in the mountains."


 Hei Lou Lan’s words were all flattery, it sounded like the entire northern plains only had Chang Shan Yin.


 But Fang Yuan gave a mild smile purposely, laughing arrogantly: "This time, I want to exact revenge, but I also want to spar with Ma Zun, Yang Po Ying, and Jiang Bao Ya. Finally, I want to make use of Imperial Court blessed land and improve my cultivation further."


 Saying so, he acted as if the entire Imperial Court was his own.


 Hearing such arrogant words, even Water Demon Hao Ji Liu bit his tongue.


 "Good, this is the aspiration of a true northern plains man!" Hei Lou Lan praised, giving a thumbs up to Fang Yuan, taking out a Gu worm as he handed it to him: "Good Gu belongs to heroes, since brother Shan Yin came to me, that is my honor. This rank five Gu is our meeting gift, please accept it."


 Fang Yuan took a look, this was a turtle jade wolf skin Gu, it had great defense. Fang Yuan had heard of this Gu’s recipe back in his previous life, the rank five turtle jade wolf skin Gu was made using a living turtleback wolf emperor.


 If there really was a turtleback wolf emperor, Fang Yuan would rather it be part of his force, than sacrifice it and turn it into a Gu.


 Although Fang Yuan could use treasure yellow heaven to get rank five Gu as well, this turtle jade wolf skin Gu suited his enslavement path. It would take him a lot of time, effort, and most importantly, immortal essence stones, to get such a Gu.


 After all, Fang Yuan only had two immortal essence stones left.


 Now that this Gu was given to him for free, that would be the best.


 "Alright then, I will happily receive it." Fang Yuan said, as he really grabbed this Gu without hesitation.



***
Chapter 500: Trapped inside and outside, slashing thorns and vines


***





 Chapter 500: Trapped inside and outside, slashing thorns and vines


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Twelve days later.


 In the secret room, Fang Yuan was seated above a cushion with both eyes closed, his whole body was tense, and his mind was in placid tranquility. His attention was solely focused on the turtle jade wolf skin Gu that was within his aperture.


 Currently, the Gu floated atop his primeval sea within his first aperture; primeval essence was continuously poured onto it, which caused the Gu to emit a jade colored light.


 The light radiated from his aperture, and illuminated Fang Yuan’s entire body.


 Gradually, the rays of light dimmed. The entire turtle jade wolf skin Gu dissipated into tiny fluorescent particles, thoroughly destroyed.


 Fang Yuan was already mentally prepared. Turtle jade wolf skin Gu needed to be consumed, and would leave imprints on the Gu Master’s body, similar to the bronze skin Gu and iron bone Gu.


 "These past few days I’ve been in constant seclusion, my body has finally been refined to turtle jade wolf skin."


 Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes, and pulled back the cuffs of his sleeves to examine the skin on his arms.


 His skin still retained the natural color of flesh, but when Fang Yuan took out a dagger and ruthlessly slashed at his arm, immediately, the effects of the turtle jade wolf skin Gu activated.


 When the dagger made contact with his skin, the skin immediately turned to a jadish-green, while the faint lines of turtle shells pulsated outwards.


 Cutting the skin was similar to a collision with iron, or possibly jade, but the skin still retained a degree of flexibility.


 Fang Yuan gave a satisfied nod: "The turtle jade wolf skin Gu is rank five, its defensive power is truly remarkable. Most importantly, it does not require active use; as long as one is attacked, the defensive properties would activate, it is extremely practical as no primeval essence is expended in the process."


 It wasn’t difficult for a Gu Immortal to acquire rank five Gu, though for mortal Gu Masters, they were quite rare.


 For a large number of rank five Gu Masters, they only possess one rank five Gu. Some do not even possess rank five Gu, but instead resorted to rank four Gu as substitute.


 Upon meeting Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan immediately used turtle jade wolf skin Gu to entice him, which, in the eyes of bystanders, was a huge investment.


 In the eyes of Fang Yuan, a rank five Gu wasn’t much, but it allowed him to sense the sincerity from Hei Lou Lan.


 "Turtle jade wolf skin’s modification is done. The next step is to improve my strength." Fang Yuan sat still upon his cushion, seizing the most of every minute, diligently improving his strength.


 He sent out a strength of ten jun Gu.


 This Gu was like an iron weight. After being infused with primeval essence, it suspended itself above Fang Yuan’s head, and afterwards blossomed with a glorifying radiance, covering his entire body while engraving a particular strength path Dao mark onto his body.


 As time passed, the strength of Fang Yuan slowly and steadily grew.


 For quite some time, he cultivated his strength non-stop.


 He had already used up the five strength of ten jun Gu he purchased earlier. Now, he would have to use Hei tribe’s inventory to acquire more strength of ten jun Gu.


 By now, Fang Yuan’s body contained the strength of sixty jun, stored in the very depths of his body.


 Ten jun was the strength of three hundred jin, sixty jun was equal to one thousand eight hundred jin of strength.


 On Earth, Green Dragon Crescent Blade 1 weighed merely eighty-two jin.


 "I have already refined this body with turtle jade wolf skin, thus, it can hold about a hundred jun of strength. One hundred jun of strength or more would be the within the range of rank five realm."


 Jin strength Gu and jun strength Gu’s recipes were the invention of a rank seven Gu Immortal. Compared to traditional beast strength Gu, they were easier to refine, while simultaneously costing less, and thus were widespread in the north.


 Fang Yuan abandoned his beast phantom Gu, and picked up the jun strength Gu, not only to keep up with current developments, but also to make his path more convenient, allowing him to disguise his own identity.


 However, jun strength Gu could not solve the fundamental problem of strength path.


 Fang Yuan had sixty jun of strength within him, but in practice could only exert a small portion of it.


 To solve the problem, he would have to rely on all-out effort Gu.


 All-out effort Gu could allow a Gu Master to make use of their whole body’s strength, allowing them complete liberty to exert strength, it was truly the core Gu of strength path.


 Therefore, Fang Yuan decided it would be his second aperture’s vital Gu.


 But this all-out effort Gu was a mere rank three Gu, and being in a foreign land resulted in it being suppressed to rank two.


 Fang Yuan had the recipe for rank four all-out effort Gu, thus, so long as he is in northern plains when he refines the Gu to rank four, it will not be affected by the suppression.


 "But... it would be hard to continue accumulating. Turtle jade wolf skin helps in bearing the weight of my strength, but does not benefit enslavement path. Although I have two apertures, I merely have one body."


 In this world, there were few things that could satisfy all of one’s needs.


 While advancing strength path, he could not simultaneously advance enslavement path.


 If he wanted to advance enslavement path, Fang Yuan should not have employed turtle jade wolf skin Gu, but rather a different rank five Gu, known as wolf totem Gu.


 This Gu could be used to store wolf packs. They would be stored in his skin, and for every wild wolf he keeps, a wolf tattoo would also form on Fang Yuan’s skin.


 Many enslavement path Gu Masters would choose their corresponding totem Gu, and keep their elite troops in their own bodies.


 In critical moments, Gu Masters would reveal the power of their elites, summoning them and making them fight.


 Like before, Fang Yuan used rank four impermanence bone Gu, which allowed him to further strengthen his soul.


 But impermanence bone Gu did not benefit strength path.


 Fang Yuan may be a Gu Master of both the strength and enslavement path, but it was not simple. It was easy to cause a disaster for both paths.


 Fang Yuan’s problems were far from just this.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was gradually recovering, once again putting him under the pressure of death.


 His frequent entering and exiting of Hu Immortal blessed land caused his supply of starlight firefly Gu to dwindle.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s great desire towards Hu Immortal blessed land, the mysterious force’s attention due to the fixed immortal travel Gu, the problem of recovering fixed immortal travel and gruel mud Immortal Gu, Hu Immortal blessed land’s earthly calamity, the crisis concerning the death of Dang Hun mountain, and constantly pretending to be Chang Shan Yin, and the mental pressure of making sure I do not show any weakness or flaws...


 His situation was terrible, it could even be said that he was beset on all sides.


 "But because of the crisis , I can look forward to the moment when I cut through the thistles and thorns and break free of worries."


 Fang Yuan let out a cold laugh, organizing his state of mind, and left his secret room.


 Outside the secret room stood two rank three Gu Masters, standing like guardians.


 The Wolf King’s identity was the main reason for this situation; after arriving at Hei tribe camp, they immediately decided to strictly protect him.


 "Greetings, Lord Wolf King." When the two Gu Masters saw Fang Yuan come out, they immediately saluted and reported to him, "Lord Hei Lou Lan invited the other lords to attend the banquet to conduct important business."


 After returning to Hei tribe’s compound, Hei Lou Lan one large feast for almost three days, and spent five days at a smaller feast. Several invitations were sent to Fang Yuan, but he was busy cultivating; every sent invitation was completely rejected by him.


 Fang Yuan was in a race against time to increase his strength, which was also in accordance with Chang Shan Yin’s haught and lofty disposition.


 Though this time, the banquet was extraordinary.


 "There are important matters to discuss?" Fang Yuan’s footsteps halted, and he changed his usual attitude towards banquets: "Let’s go".


 The secret room was built underground.


 Fang Yuan exited his secret room and arrived above the ground, the curtain of night already enveloped the sky, stars scattered about.


 Rushing to the banquet, as he had expected, it was the matter of the blood oath.


 These days, the banquet did not have Hei Lou Lan’s usual decadence, rather it focused on talks between leaders negotiating the contracts of an alliance.


 This heroes assembly was only the preliminary stage to establishing the genuine union, which would unite the forces of all parties into one alliance.


 The contract of the alliance already agreed on various things, and the leaders were now working on their individual tribes’ interests. Fang Yuan looked at the contents and saw no issues, so along with everyone else, he used the poison vow Gu.


 poison vow Gu had the power to restriction, and was also the foundation of building mutual trust.


 But Fang Yuan was the exception.


 He possessed eating one’s words Gu. In two hundred years, this Gu would be developed by a western desert chief. When he was in Shang clan city, he used it to break his poison vow with Bai Ning Bing.


 And now that he could link with treasure yellow heaven, if he wanted to remove the poison vow, he would merely have to refine it again.


 The main tent was brightly lit, with each tribe having their own seat.


 Hei Lou Lan held the central seat, and the first to his left was Fang Yuan, with Ge Guang standing behind him.


 It was difficult for the young tribe leader to hide his happy expression, holding second seat in the alliance was a result of clinging to Fang Yuan, their benefits surpassed that of any ordinary medium-sized tribe.


 Sitting after Fang Yuan were the leaders of the large tribes: Wang tribe, Fang tribe, and Ye tribe.


 While down the line were the leaders of the medium-sized tribes, and finally the small scale tribe leaders, as well as the rank four demonic path experts.


 Now, the alliance began its preliminary aggregation, before they were merely like loose sand.


 "Hahaha, now everyone is family. According to conventional tradition, after having established our alliance, we need to hold a large feast. But these traditions and conventions are total bullshit! I’ve already thought of something better, rather than annexing those weaker powers, we should instead collect wild wolves." Hei Lou Lan began his speech.


 Soon, all eyes concentrated on Fang Yuan’s face.


 Fang Yuan’s complexion was indifferent, his eyes darted across the room, within his heart he understood that by joining in, he had already altered history.


 He vaguely remembered, five hundred years ago in his previous life, after Hei Lou Lan’s alliance was formed, he immediately assaulted the east, launching a bloody war with the Dong Fang tribe.


 "But this is good, although Hei Lou Lan prevailed over Dong Fang tribe, he suffered huge losses in the process. Hei Lou Lan is obviously taking consideration of my night wolf emperor, which was expected. With the night wolf emperor, he could incorporate myriad beast groups into his army. The expansion of the wolf group will be a great thing for me.


 Fang Yuan thought about it for a moment, and gave everyone a nod: "Since this is the case, I will do my part."


 No one in the camp gave an objection.


 The larger the number of wolves, the more they would benefit, while suffering fewer casualties, preserving the strength of their tribes as much as possible.


 Hei Lou Lan was relying heavily on Chang Shan Yin, everyone understood and agreed.


 It would be a shame to have such a great master of the enslavement path and not put him to use!


 As for the sharp rise in strength of the Wolf King, they did not have to be too concerned.


 They were not aware of the eating one’s words Gu, and had complete trust in the poison vow Gu. Since the covenant had already been formed, they did not have to worry that the Wolf King would take advantage of their interests.


 Soon after their discussion, the entire Hei tribe alliance began to work actively. Gu Masters from tribes both large and small dedicated themselves to expanding Fang Yuan’s wolf pack.



***
Chapter 501: Five hundred thousand wolves start a war


***





 Chapter 501: Five hundred thousand wolves start a war


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the grassland shrouded by the night, Sang Yi was running for his life.


 The bone-chilling wind pounced on him, but he, however, was perspiring greatly.


 "Fast, faster!" He screamed in his heart, pouring his primeval essence frantically into his movement Gu.


 Howl!


 Behind him, a night wolf group was charging towards him. The reason for that was the corpse of a night wolf’s cub in Sang Yi’s hand; leading to this pursuit that had continued for several minutes.


 If it was before, these few minutes would be gone in a blink of an eye to Sang Yi. But with the myriad wolf group closely chasing him, Sang Yi felt every second of time passing very slowly and unendurably.


 "Finally, I’ve arrived!" Seeing the small ravine in front of him, Sang Yi burst forth with newfound strength, rushing towards the ravine.


 Rumble...


 Close to twenty thousand night wolves followed him into the ravine like a dark flood.


 "They have entered!" The Gu Masters lying low in the ravine shouted in joy.


 "Collect the net quickly, don’t miss it." A rank three Gu Master who was the leader of this group, sent the command immediately.


 "Earth wall, rise up!" A group of rank two Gu Masters simultaneously activated rank two earth mound Gu.


 With so many earth mound Gu activated together caused the stones on the entrance of this narrow ravine to rapidly rise up, forming into a barrier like that of a rank three earth wall Gu.


 At the same time, on another side of the ravine were dozens of Gu Masters who activated falling stones Gu.


 Large numbers of stones fell down and firmly blocked the entrance.


 The exit to this ravine was already sealed before. Now with the entrance blocked as well, the night wolf group that had entered was like a turtle trapped in a jar.


 The night wolf myriad beast king saw the situation turn bad and immediately led the wolf group to climb up the ravine and cross over it.


 However, at this time, a desolate and magnificent wolf howl resounded through the skies.


 Fang Yuan was riding on a night wolf emperor, commanding large numbers of night wolves to attack from above.


 The wild night wolf group’s eyes turned red and howled furiously, but they hesitated because of the wolf emperor’s presence.


 Clear mind Gu!


 With a thought, Fang Yuan summoned a clear mind Gu. This was a rank four Gu; after the primeval essence poured into it, it immediately changed into a cool wind.


 The cool wind blew gently over the area.


 The night wolf group that was starting to turn frenzied due to the effect of onion explosion Gu immediately came to their senses when this cool wind blew over them.


 The wolf emperor howled again, turning this wild night wolf group to fall into a chaotic mess; their formation crumbled and their will to fight received a huge impact.


 Fang Yuan laughed and commanded his wolf group to attack for real.


 There were already Gu Masters who were tangling up the wild myriad wolf king.


 Fang Yuan first mobilized his wolf group to divide the wild night wolves before nibbling away at them; the whole situation was in his firm control. Then he approached the wild myriad wolf king and then at the opportune time, used rank four wolf enslavement Gu.


 In the end, he only had to pay the lives of few hundred night wolves to smoothly take in this myriad wolf king and close to twenty thousand wolves.


 After this great success, the Gu Masters remained behind to clean up the battlefield while Fang Yuan led the increased wolf group towards the next destination.


 There, another large group of wild night wolf group was waiting for him.


 "You did good." A rank three leader patted Sang Yi’s shoulder and gave him five hundred primeval stones along with a rank three Gu, "This is your well deserved reward."


 Sang Yi wiped off the sweat off his forehead and looked at these primeval stones and the Gu while breathing heavily.


 He then looked at the distance, looking at Fang Yuan’s receding figure with envy and admiration.


 "Although I am a rank three Gu Master and have some fame in the demonic path, I cannot be compared to Wolf King. This is a true big shot. When will I have such an accomplishment?"


 In this night, Fang Yuan wandered thousands of li and took in seventy thousand wild night wolves.


 Only by dawn when night wolves would not go out to hunt and had all returned to their nest, did Fang Yuan lead the wolf group back to Hei tribe camp.


 After Hei Lou Lan established the alliance, with the concept of safety in numbers, five enormous camps were stationed nearby.


 Fang Yuan’s wolf group was divided among these five camps for the specialized people to feed them.


 These few days, he had taken in large numbers of night wolves; the night wolf group that was only about thirty thousand originally, had now expanded to three hundred twenty thousand!


 The night wolf group had become the greatest force in Fang Yuan’s troops in one go.


 Adding in the vermillion flame wolves, wind wolves, water wolves and others, Fang Yuan’s wolf group had reached a huge size of five hundred and thirty thousand!


 "It is thanks to the night wolf emperor that I could incorporate the night wolves so easily." Settling down the wolf group, Fang Yuan brought his exhausted body back to the secret room to rest.


 With the increase in the night wolf group, the numbers of myriad wolf kings Fang Yuan had to control also increased by several times.


 These large numbers of night wolf myriad beast kings created a burden on his soul, causing him to feel an increasingly heavy feeling in the depths of his soul.


 After sleeping for hours, Fang Yuan opened his eyes and sat cross-legged on a cushion and continued to cultivate.


 Wolf soul Gu.


 He used the wolf soul Gu, slowly converting his thousand man soul into wolfman soul.


 Previously, he had hundred soul level wolfman soul which had a human body, wolf ears, wolf tail and wolf claws. But afterwards, he used large numbers of guts Gu in Dang Hun mountain and his soul rapidly expanded to thousand man soul; this instead caused the wolf soul Gu’s effect to thin out and his soul recovered the appearance of a normal soul.


 The wolf soul Gu’s effect was not clear at all, after more than two hours, it only slightly lengthened the wolf ears on Fang Yuan’s human soul.


 But to Fang Yuan, the heavy feeling in the depths of his soul had lifted by a lot.


 With wolfman soul, controlling wolf groups would become much easier because the wolves would acknowledge the Gu Master as one of their own kind from the depths of their soul.


 "Unfortunately, I do not have rank five wolf soul Gu and can only use the rank four wolf soul Gu; its effects are clear on hundred man soul, but the effects have great weakened as I progress through thousand man soul."


 After using it for a long time, Fang Yuan stopped it while feeling some regret in his heart.


 However, rank five Gu were never easy to obtain.


 Refining rank four wolf soul Gu required an intact soul of a myriad wolf king. But to refine rank five wolf soul Gu required the soul of a wolf emperor.


 Moreover, even a refinement master would only have about fifty percent chance to successfully refine rank five wolf soul Gu.


 Fang Yuan had thought of purchasing it in treasure yellow heaven, but when he recalled he only had two immortal essence stones left and the mysterious force hiding in the dark, he dispelled this plan for safety purposes.


 "Although I can’t directly buy it in treasure yellow heaven, I have already mentioned this request to Hei Lou Lan. Hei tribe is part of the Huang Jin family and their supreme elders are Gu Immortals, thus they have extremely deep foundations. Two-three days have already gone by, I might as well ask him now."


 With this thought, Fang Yuan walked out of the secret room and met Hei Lou Lan, but he expressed that his hands were tied.


 "Brother Shan Yin, truth be told, I have already written a letter to request it from the supreme elders. But they thought it would be better to give a live wolf emperor instead of rank five wolf soul Gu. And the wolf emperor cannot be given casually as well, their intention is to use battle merits to exchange for it. After all, I need to convince the masses as well."


 Hei Lou Lan was very cunning, ever since Fang Yuan took the poison vow, his attitude was no longer as cordial as before.


 Together with the fact that he had used large amounts of manpower and physical resources over these days to help Fang Yuan incorporate the night wolf group, he felt he had done more than enough for Fang Yuan.


 Simultaneously, Fang Yuan’s wolf group had expanded to over five hundred thousand in number. Such a large force also caused him to inwardly feel fear. Despite the restriction from poison vow, Hei Lou Lan was subconsciously guarded.


 Fang Yuan nodded and expressed his understanding.


 He had also commanded Little Hu Immortal to keep a close watch on treasure yellow heaven to get any wolf emperors native to northern plains.


 Unfortunately, beast emperors were rarely sold. A beast emperor had been put for sale in these days, but it was a boar emperor and not a wolf emperor.


 Fang Yuan realized from Hei Lou Lan’s words that he was already unable to hold back and was already preparing to start a war campaign.


 Over these days, Tian Chuan, Meng Qiu, Cao Fu and every other region of northern plains were already engaging in battle. Among the popular candidates for the ownership of Imperial Court this time, only Hei tribe had been holding back and growing the wolf group.


 Now, they had already accumulated enough wolves, Hei Lou Lan who was full of hope had already been impatient.


 "Then brother Lou Lan, which force do you want to attack first?" Fang Yuan asked.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily and patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder: "Little brother is really sharp. I won’t hide it from brother, I want to attack Cao Fu and eradicate Dong Fang tribe. Dong Fang tribe has lot of beauties, especially that Dong Fang Qing Yu who is a famous beauty in northern plains. I want to kill all their men and capture all their women! Hahaha..."


 Fang Yuan was slightly stupefied, history was still steering in the same direction, after making a detour, the focus still returned to Dong Fang tribe.


 "But with my five hundred thousand wolf group, it is different from my previous life. Dong Fang tribe... Hehe." Fang Yuan sneered inwardly.


 Reaching this stage, he could already influence the development of the future.


 But so what?


 Let history be completely changed.


 As long as there are profits in front of him, so what if the sky and earth collapses, or if the floods reach heaven! Who cares if his reputation stinks for ten thousand years!


 The next day, Hei tribe completely pulled out the camp and began a majestic expedition towards Cao Fu.


 This news immediately attracted the attention of all kinds of forces.


 The situation was changing crazily and Cao Fu was preparing for a great battle.


 Different from Yu Tian’s heroes assembly where Liu tribe and Hei tribe were evenly matched, Dong Fang tribe occupied the greatest dominance in Cao Fu’s heroes assembly, suppressing the heroes and incorporating large numbers of tribes. Only Zhao tribe was barely resisting the pressure, not willing to agree to Dong Fang tribe’s harsh alliance conditions.


 The news of Hei tribe large expedition attracted almost all the attention of Dong Fang tribe. Zhao tribe got space for a breather and showed signs of moving their tribe towards a corner.


 Dong Fang tribe’s current tribe leader was a rank five wisdom path Gu Master Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 After making deductions and forecasts over a night without resting, he immediately changed the stiff stance and changed the conditions for joining the alliance to become extremely lenient and generous.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang personally travelled to invite Zhao tribe to join the alliance!


 Zhao tribe leader hesitated.


 Zhao tribe and Dong Fang tribe had enmities between them, and this enmity had gotten deeper over the years. But Dong Fang tribe’s sincerity could be clearly seen right now and the conditions they offered were also very attractive.


 Maybe, this was a rare opportunity to resolve the old hatred and grudges with Dong Fang tribe?



***
Chapter 502: Zhao Lian Yun


***





 Chapter 502: Zhao Lian Yun


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the study room, Zhao tribe leader placed down the document wearily.


 Sunlight passed through the window and shone on his face.


 Due to handling the tribe affairs for a long time, this fifty year old rank five initial stage Gu Master already had white hair and a face filled with wrinkles.


 These days, because of Hei tribe’s large scale expedition and the personal invitation from Dong Fang Yu Liang, the tribe was divided into two factions.


 These two factions argued endlessly; one side wanted to side with Dong Fang tribe and resolve the old grudges, while another side wanted to side with Hei tribe as Hei tribe was much bigger.


 Could siding with Dong Fang tribe really resolve the old grudges? When he thought of the deep hatred that had accumulated over the generations between their tribe and Dong Fang tribe, Zhao tribe leader could not speak with certainty.


 And siding with Hei tribe was also not right.


 Zhao tribe’s main headquarters was after all in this Cao Fu region while Hei tribe represented Yu Tian’s tyrants and had already gone through the vow with their allies. As a tribe who joined later, Zhao tribe would unavoidably be bullied and how much profits could they even obtain? They might even be treated as cannon fodder.


 Thus, Zhao tribe leader was deeply conflicted. Especially these days, the tribe higher-ups were always busy arguing; Zhao tribe leader had to guard against that cunning Dong Fang Yu Liang’s scheme, while also needing to suppress the internal situation and lead the tribe. He was already very exhausted.


 "Sigh..."


 He heaved a deep sigh and leaned back on the chair, gazing at the dust that was floating in the sunlight.


 In this dazzling sunlight, the tiny dust could be clearly seen and Zhao tribe leader felt he was like one of these dust, hesitating back and forth; now it was floating in the air, but who is to say that it will not fall down to the ground when wind blows over.


 The battle between Hei tribe and Dong Fang tribe was precisely a violent wind that would sweep away everything.


 Facing such a wind, what path should his tribe take?


 Right as Zhao tribe leader was feeling frantic, a weeping sound suddenly came from outside the window.


 Hearing this familiar sound, Zhao tribe leader’s brows slightly furrowed and revealed a concerned look as he immediately asked: "What’s the matter?"


 The guard outside the door immediately replied: "Lord tribe leader, big missy slipped on the stairs and knocked her head while running here."


 "Ahh!" Zhao tribe leader stood up with a pained expression, "How could my little darling fall? How much blood did she lose? Quick, bring her here."


 Zhao tribe leader had several sons but they were all schemed and killed by Dong Fang Yu Liang, leaving behind only a daughter.


 His daughter was only about five or six with a very mischievous nature, but her appearance was extremely similar to his late wife and so Zhao tribe leader doted on her very much.


 Soon, the door to the study room was pushed open.


 The guard supported a little girl to the room.


 The girl looked like she was carved out of jade and looked extremely cute with her embroidered clothing. Right now, she, however, was sobbing, covering her forehead with her hand.


 "My little darling, my little Yunyun, where did you get hurt?" Zhao tribe leader quickly walked over and hugged the little girl, asking her with concern.


 ’Father, did you go blind? The injury is on my forehead...’ The little girl furiously shouted inwardly, but on the surface, she smoothly leaned on Zhao tribe leader’s chest and acted like a spoiled child, "Father, Yunyun’s head hurts..."


 "Oh oh, let father take a look." Zhao tribe leader softly parted the hair that covered the little girl’s forehead and saw a small scrape on her forehead, the scrape had slightly reddened but was still far from bleeding.


 But even so, Zhao tribe leader’s heart hurt very much.


 He comforted his daughter with warm words before berating the old caretaker that had hurried over: "Nanny Wu, what are you doing? I told you to look after her closely and protect her at all times, look, her forehead is wounded!"


 ’This old lady should die! Please forgive me lord tribe leader." The old caretaker immediately kneeled with fear, cold sweat filling her face. But her heart was full of grievances, this child was the most crafty child she had seen in her whole life, and the most troublesome little demon. Normally, if she lost her concentration even a bit, the child would disappeared somewhere bizarrely. The child was extremely crafty, toying with this adult women until she wished she was dead. But in front of the tribe leader, the child showed an obedient and pitiful expression, her acting was so brilliant that it seemed she was innately born with it. The old caretaker could not find the least bit of evidence on this little demon!


 "Father, don’t blame nanny, it is Yunyun’s fault for carelessly running around." The little girl said in a soft voice.


 Adding in a sentence inwardly: ’This old woman is too annoying, always following me the whole day. I had to self-harm myself to enter this study room, was it easy for me huh!’


 Zhao tribe leader heaved a sigh and stroked the little girl’s soft dark hair with a gratified expression: "Daughter, you are as kind-hearted as your mother."


 The old caretaker however roared inwardly: ’Tribe leader, you have been deceived, your daughter is absolutely a demon...’


 But she could only shout in her mind because she knew, very few people apart from her would be willing to believe this fact. She naturally did not dare to tell it, if she said it, who knew how this girl would tease and abuse her later on.


 "Useless thing, if it were not for Yunyun asking for leniency... hmph, leave." Zhao tribe leader waved his hand towards the old caretaker to order her to leave before looking at his daughter with a gentle expression, "Little darling, why did you come here to play?"


 "Father, Yunyun was worried about you, I heard others say those elders were arguing with father these days and that you were upset and locked yourself in the study." The little girl looked concernedly at Zhao tribe leader with her large gleaming black eyes.


 But in truth, she was shouting in her mind: ’Rubbish, if I did not come, my life would be in danger. Convenient dad you are too indecisive, with the situation as it is now, you are still not immediately escaping? What on earth are you dilly-dallying for?!’


 Zhao tribe leader felt a twinge in his nose, his eyes reddened, almost letting out tears: "Good girl, you finally know to care for your father, father’s love for you all this time was not in vain. Don’t worry, father’s health is quite good and my mood is much better now after I saw you."


 ’Convenient dad, it is a matter of life and death now and you are still so optimistic, so intolerable! For my future happy life, I need to show off a bit regardless of consequences!’


 The girl roared in her mind and said with a ’couldn’t care less’ expression while waving her small delicate hands: "Father, Yunyun thinks those people who quarreled with you are idiots. Our Zheng tribe is like a sheep, Dong Fang tribe is a wolf while the tiger from Yu Tian is coming over. Wolf can’t beat tiger, so it wants to find the sheep to help, but whichever side the sheep helps, the tiger or the wolf won’t let it go in the end."


 The little girl’s words shocked Zhao tribe leader’s mind. The person on the spot is baffled, while the onlooker sees clearly; sometimes the person involved needs to be enlightened by such words from the onlookers.


 ’That’s right, whether we side with Dong Fang tribe or Hei tribe, it will be like taking favors from a tiger. But can our Zhao tribe stay out of this?’


 ’No, the blizzard disaster every ten years has already decided there is no utopia in northern plains. The struggle for the Imperial Court is very significant, as long as one can enter Imperial Court blessed land, they can receive astonishing benefits. But which side should Zhao tribe take?’


 The little girl had been observing the tribe leader’s expression all this while and when she felt the time was right, she added: "Father, I heard Ma[1] tribe is very strong and also treats its people well. Sheep and horse are both vegetarians but tiger and wolf are carnivorous, it will be better for us to ally with Ma tribe!"


 Zhao tribe leader’s body shuddered.


 ’Right, why not?’


 Ma tribe was different from Hei tribe and Dong Fang tribe, the latter two had Gu Immortal ancestors and the support of blessed lands. They had long lasting history and were super tribes with deep foundations.


 Ma tribe was also part of the Huang Jin family, but they did not have a Gu Immortal’s support and was advancing towards the level of a super tribe currently. Ma tribe leader and its young tribe leader were outstanding heroes, they would definitely welcome Zhao tribe. Except that to go to Tian Chuan, it would be a long journey...


 ’Convenient dad, why on earth are you still hesitating? Decide quickly!’ The little girl who had been observing her father’s expression changing frequently, felt very anxious inwardly.


 But Zhao tribe leader was thinking of the long distance they had to travel to Tian Chuan to side with Ma tribe. This distance was filled with danger which caused him to hesitate.


 Helplessly, the little girl could only add on: "Father, we should leave right away. This is the best time to leave, tiger and wolf are confronting each other, they don’t have any spare strength to care about us."


 Zhao tribe leader’s heart trembled.


 "Right, why am I still hesitating? If I hesitate any longer, even the best chance to escape will be lost! Whether it is Hei tribe or Dong Fang tribe, they are both not kind. If my tribe wants to get some profits in the battle for the Imperial Court, laying a bet on them is not a good thing!"


 "Good girl, you are extremely correct. Our Zhao tribe cannot meddle in such a huge battle, also cannot throw ourselves in this whirlpool. Right, we shall leave!" Zhao tribe leader made the decision.


 The little girl leaning on his chest was almost sobbing tears of joy at this moment, as she sighed inwardly: ’Old man, you finally opened your eyes. Ah, it was not in vain that I took so much trouble to run over here to persuade you...’


 "But Yunyun, did you think up all these things? Did someone tell you to say so? Who was it, tell father." Zhao tribe leader finally sensed something amiss and gazed at his daughter.


 The little girl’s heart thumped, she promptly blinked her large eyes and showed an innocent expression: "No one taught me. Father, this was all thought by Yunyun. Father works so hard every day, Yunyun does not want father to be so exhausted, so Yunyun wanted to help father."


 She then carefully said with a pitiful expression: "Father, was Yunyun wrong?"


 Zhao tribe leader’s eyes flashed with a pleasantly surprised look. He did not think this little angel before him would deceive him.


 How old was this child?


 And he had watched her grow up!


 Since she was so intelligent at such a young age, her cultivation talent might also be extraordinary.


 Seeing his daughter afraid of being scolded, an affectionate feeling rose in Zhao tribe leader’s heart.


 He stroked the little girl’s hair: "Yunyun, thankfully I have you. Father is really happy to have such a good daughter!"


 ’Sigh, it has to be like this, since I’ve transmigrated here already. In life, friends can be chosen, but parents are predestined. Seeing how you have treated me well, I will naturally return the favor...’


 The little girl said so inwardly, but on the surface, she hugged Zhao tribe leader’s neck and kissed this convenient dad’s cheek: "Father, daughter likes you the most."


 "Hahaha, good girl, you are really father’s darling." Zhao tribe leader laughed loudly.


 [1] Also read as horse in chinese.



***
Chapter 503: Dong Fang Yu Liang


***





 Chapter 503: Dong Fang Yu Liang


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Zhao tribe tore down their camp and left?" Hei Lou Lan glanced at the information report before casually throwing it on the table.


 Zhao tribe might be a large scale tribe but it did not have elite troops and not even a decent Gu Master expert. Although Zhao tribe leader was at rank five initial stage, he was challenged and defeated by Dong Po Kong with his rank four peak stage cultivation three years ago. Thus, he did not have high prestige and also did not make too big of a contribution in his long years of being in power.


 If Zhao tribe had sided with Dong Fang tribe, he might have given them some attention; after all, even a weak rank five Gu Master could not be underestimated.


 However, Zhao tribe had fled in a sorry figure which caused Hei Lou Lan to be filled with contempt towards them.


 Northern plains men admired the brave and looked down upon such cowardly conducts of escaping before even fighting.


 "Congratulations to alliance leader, we have not even truly attacked and yet we managed to scare off a large scale tribe of the other side."


 "Dong Fang Yu Liang should be bursting with rage, he had personally invited Zhao tribe but the other directly ran away, hahaha."


 "In my opinion, Zhao tribe might be a large scale tribe, but they are nothing outstanding, they were actually such cowards. Hmph..."


 The Gu Masters in the main tent commented one after another, not concerned about Zhao tribe’s stance.


 Fang Yuan who was sitting by the side swept his eyes through the information report on the table.


 Zhao Lian Yun.


 He remembered this name. A mysterious woman who would become one of Ma Hong Yun’s wives, and also a wisdom path Gu Immortal. Now, however, she was only a little girl.


 "Looks like the famous persuasion of tiger, wolf and sheep has already utilized..."


 Fang Yuan sneered inwardly.


 In his past life, after Zhao Lian Yun became wisdom path Gu Immortal, someone made a biography on her.


 This cultural tradition could be traced back to <>. This first classic of Gu was polished by many Gu Masters spending their effort and time. For many outstanding Gu Masters and Gu Immortals, people would write and spread their biography to remember and praise them.


 In the contents of the biography of Zhao Lian Yun: Zhao Lian Yun displayed extraordinary intelligence and wisdom since she was young. In the huge battle where ’Black Tyrant Hei Lou Lan’ fought for the ownership of the Imperial court, Zhao tribe was sandwiched between Dong Fang tribe and Hei tribe.


 When Zhao tribe leader was hesitating, Zhao Lian Yun used the comparison between tiger, wolf and sheep to persuade her father and made him decide to travel far away to side with Ma tribe. In the end, this allowed Zhao tribe to not only be protected, but also received extremely high importance and cordial welcome.


 His five hundred years of memories of his past life was all in disorder, but this information was still fresh in Fang Yuan’s memories.


 Simply because in the battle of five regions, Ma Hong Yun, Sheng Ling Er and Zhao Lian Yun would not only become Gu Immortals but also become the symbols and cornerstones of Northern Plains in resisting the invasion of Heavenly Court.


 In the five regions, the biographies of such people would be widely spread and reviewed.


 "Hmph, people like Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, I will send them to their deaths before they grow sooner or later. But there’s no hurry at the moment..." Fang Yuan restrained the killing intent in his heart while showing a tranquil expression on the surface.


 Whether it was Ma Hong Yun or Zhao Lian Yun, these people who rode the tides of the five regions battle, right now they were still a long distance away from becoming Gu Immortals. Fang Yuan had plenty of time to deal with them.


 But Ma Hong Yun, Fang Yuan had to keep him around to deal with the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. As for Zhao Lian Yun, although he wanted to kill her, he was hindered by his identity and the situation.


 After all, Fang Yuan was currently playing the role of Chang Shan Yin. The great Chang Shan Yin, how could he attach such importance to a girl that was only a few years old, to the point of wanting to kill her?


 "Moreover, the matter of importance right now is to handle Dong Fang tribe!" Fang Yuan collected his thoughts and concentrated on the discussions again.


 After having ridiculed Zhao tribe for a while, everyone put their attention on their opponent this time.


 Dong Fang tribe was the same as Hei tribe, a super tribe with deep foundations and was preeminently a huge force in Cao Fu region.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was this generation’s tribe leader for Dong Fang tribe, young and promising. Relying on his wisdom path cultivation, he not only handled all the tribe affairs cleanly, the tribe was even showing the trend of becoming more prosperous.


 Although Hei tribe’s military strength was superior, their opponent was a wisdom path Gu Master who was an expert in planning and deductions, such strength could absolutely not be underestimated!


 "If we talk of the greatest threat in this battle, it definitely is Dong Fang Yu Liang!"


 "Right, this kid is young but has great experience and knowledge, accomplished in the four arts as well as astronomy and geology. He lost his parents at eleven, and he had to not only maintain his livelihood but also care for his then six year old little sister Dong Fang Qing Yu. His parents had left him an enormous inheritance, but this kid knew clearly about the nature of men and that he could not protect the inheritance, so he gave these family assets to an authoritative elder, leaving only a small portion for himself."


 "He performed extremely well during his time at the academy. After graduating, he became that elder’s trusted aide. Afterwards, he made many contributions which got him the appreciation and recommendation from the elder, unexpectedly obtaining pointers from their Gu Immortal ancestor, finally obtaining his current status and power."


 Everyone knew about Dong Fang Yu Liang in detail, each of them said a few words about his origins.


 Fang Yuan carefully listened.


 He had not heard of these in-depth things in his past life. Now that he was experiencing this, he immediately realized this Dong Fang Yu Liang was not simple and needed to be given importance.


 "History is vast and profound, great waves sweep away the sand, who knows how many heroes it will sweep away."


 At the same time as everyone was discussing, their focal point — Dong Fang Yu Liang was also planning for this extremely important battle, in the study room.


 Dong dong dong.


 Three soft knocking sounds were heard.


 "You can come in, sister." Dong Fang Yu Liang knew who was it without even raising his head.


 The door was pushed open and a gentle, graceful and extremely beautiful girl wearing a light yellow dress came in with a bright appearance.


 She had soft and glossy skin with eyes that were clear and transparent, her soft voice was full of concern: "Big brother, the jade apricot blossom we got from central continent should have blossomed. Big brother, accompany me to go look at them."


 Dong Fang Yu Liang smiled, he knew he had worried his little sister by sitting in the study for a day and a night, and she was using this excuse to let him loosen up.


 "Alright, let’s go, Qing Yu."


 The brother and sister walked out of the study together and arrived at the courtyard.


 Right now, light rain was falling down and dark clouds covered the sky.


 Far away, the rainy curtain and the horizon had merged into one forming a gloomy green color. Coming closer, from the courtyard walls, one could see countless banners and the densely packed tents of Dong Fang tribe.


 People moved to and fro in the camp, it was a clamorous scene as they were preparing for the coming battle.


 In the small courtyard, there were only the Dong Fang siblings.


 The outside clamorous sounds were separated by the rainy curtain, making the small courtyard appear serene and quiet.


 Especially that jade apricot blossom with its delicate and exquisite petals which appeared moist and glossy from the rain, and its soft yellow color, gave a comforting feeling to the siblings.


 "Big brother, I heard Zhao tribe has moved?" After a while of silence, Dong Fang Qing Yu cautiously asked.


 "Don’t worry, little sister, big brother had already anticipated this." Dong Fang Yu Liang smiled and softly held his little sister’s hand.


 Dong Fang Qing Yu slightly raised her head and looked at her big brother standing in this light rain with his white clothing, jade-like face, deep eyes along with his strategizing aura, carrying gracefulness and calmness.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang continued: "The reason I invited Zhao tribe was to gather all the strength I could. But them leaving is also of no great matter. With my current force, we can still win against Hei tribe army."


 Dong Fang Qing Yu’s worries disappeared by over half: "Nothing can escape big brother’s deductions. But the opponent this time is not a small character. Not only is there Hei Lou Lan, I heard the previous hero of northern plains, Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, has also sided with him. Big brother, you need to be careful."


 "Hehehe, little sister, do you still not believe your big brother? But..." Dong Fang Yu Liang softly comforted his little sister, a radiant light flashing in the depths of his pupils, "We first met Hei Lou Lan when we went to adventure, this person harbored unkind thoughts towards you and was taught a good lesson by me. But now, it seems this person has still not given up. This time, big brother will teach him a lesson that he will never forget in all his life. As for Chang Shan Yin, big brother has a plan to deal with him. All these are within my plans, you just need to recuperate at ease. Your body has been weak since young, don’t worry too much. If you become ill, it will only distract me."


 Dong Fang Qing Yu lightly nodded with her mind completely relieved.


 Since young, it was big brother who cared for her, worried for her and looked out for her.


 She was like a young, delicate flower that was sheltered by this big tree, her big brother.


 All these years, she and her brother had gone through all kinds of difficulties together, this time too would be the same.


 ’Because since young till now, big brother has always been calm and collected like this. It is only that... if I didn’t have this illness, if I had the aptitude to cultivate, it would have been much better.’ Dong Fang Qing Yu heaved a deep sigh in her heart.


 The siblings quietly stood there, looking at the jade apricot blossom.


 "Little sister, standing in the rain for too long is not good for health, you should go back to rest." After a while, Dong Fang Yu Liang spoke.


 "Mm, big brother don’t work too much." Dong Fang Qing Yu answered with her lovable voice.


 Looking at his little sister leaving and disappearing at the corner, Dong Fang Yu Liang could finally not hide his expression, his brows furrowed and revealed a worried expression.


 This battle was absolutely not as easy as he made it out to be.


 "Hei Lou Lan himself is not an easy opponent, now there is Chang Shan Yin as well. Five hundred thousand wolves, really worthy of being an enslavement path master, just him alone can change the situation, causing this slightly superior Hei tribe to jump far ahead of my tribe."


 "For this coming battle, our side must first deal with these five hundred thousand wolves. Otherwise, the hopes for victory will be extremely uncertain."


 "I cannot lose! It was not easy for me to make Gu Immortal Old Ancestor agree; if I can complete this secret mission, the old ancestor will personally solve the source of the illness in my little sister. For my little sister, I must become the master of Imperial Court and enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!"


 "Before this, anyone who dares to block my path must die! So, Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, why don’t you die in this rain before the battle?"


 Dong Fang Yu Liang looked at the dense dark clouds in the sky, his handsome face showing a very cold expression.



***
Chapter 504: Assassination (Long Chapter)


***





 Chapter 504: Assassination (Long Chapter)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The weights-like strength of ten jun Gu was quietly hovering above Fang Yuan’s head.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged with his eyes closed, his body shrouded by the light from strength of ten jun Gu.


 A long time passed.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, the light slowly dispersed and the strength of ten jun Gu only was half of its original size.


 "I can still use it twice." Fang Yuan silently evaluated.


 Strength of ten jun Gu was an expendable Gu; after completely using this one, Fang Yuan would possess seventy jun of strength. This strength could only be said to be just passable even among rank four initial stage strength path Gu Masters.


 All-out effort Gu was suppressed to rank two and if it was not resolved, there would be no possibility for a qualitative change in Fang Yuan’s strength path cultivation. That is to say, his strength path battle strength was not useful in this short period of time.


 He checked his first aperture and second aperture again.


 The vital Gu of the first aperture was Spring Autumn Cicada which was still in a concealed state and was recuperating.


 The ninety percent purple crystal primeval sea was gleaming with light, dying the rank five peak stage crystal walls with purple color.


 Above the sea was wolf smoke Gu which looked a lump of dark clouds in the shape of a wolf.


 The completely repaired battle bone wheel was afloat on the surface along with the spotless white willow leaf-like snow wash Gu.


 Rank five hints and clues Gu was diving like a cuttlefish, playing occasionally with the wolf swallow Gu.


 At the bottom was large numbers of wolf enslavement Gu, many strength of ten jun Gu and some wolf soul Gu.


 At the same, the most important Gu to Fang Yuan currently - stargate Gu, moving perspective cup Gu, east window Gu, soul burial Gu and instant success Gu - were lurking around.


 As for wolf howl Gu, wolf care Gu, eagle rise Gu, wolf sprint Gu and breath concealment Gu, they were residing in different places on his body.


 As the time Fang Yuan spent in northern plains increased, his body was also gradually adapting to the northern plains’ environment. His first aperture’s cultivation had already recovered to rank five middle stage but Fang Yuan had all along been using breath concealment Gu to suppress his aura to rank four peak stage.


 It was a different scene in the second aperture.


 The crystal membrane of the second aperture shone brightly.


 Ninety percent true gold primeval sea rippled and gleamed.


 After these days of cultivating, Fang Yuan’s second aperture had grown to rank four peak stage from rank three peak stage.


 At the center of the aperture was the rank three all-out effort Gu.


 Besides this, there were rank three strength qi Gu which could condense beast phantoms into solid form, rank four bitter strength Gu which could increase strength the more one got injured.


 Rank four charging crash Gu, rank three tusita flower, primeval elder Gu, rank four expend strength Gu and the healing Gu rank three self-reliance Gu.


 As for vajra stare Gu, turn gold Gu, pitch black Gu, blood skull Gu, bone flesh unity Gu, yin yang rotation Gu and others, they could not be used at the moment and were thus left behind in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Because Fang Yuan appeared in northern plains first from Lang Ya blessed land, his second aperture was approved by northern plains and its rank four peak stage cultivation did not receive any suppression.


 Second aperture’s cultivation could increase so rapidly because of those relic Gu Fang Yuan bought before.


 But due to the limited immortal essence stones he had, he was unable to buy purple crystal relic Gu, so now the second aperture’s cultivation would depend on Fang Yuan’s own effort.


 "Rank four to rank five is a process of qualitative change, there is a huge gap between them. I might as well raise my second aperture’s cultivation to rank five initial stage tonight!" Seeing there was enough time, Fang Yuan continued to sit cross-legged, deciding to breakthrough to rank five realm.


 Second aperture’s cultivation was already at rank four peak stage and already had sufficient foundation, its aptitude could not be higher than the first aperture but with Lang Ya land spirit personally refining it, its aptitude also reached ninety percent.


 For normal Gu Masters who fulfilled these two conditions, they had enough capital to breakthrough to rank five realm.


 Normally, they would gain enough experience after some failures and then successfully advance.


 But experience had always been a strong point of Fang Yuan and this obstacle did not exist for him.


 More importantly, first aperture and second aperture’s primeval essence could be mutually used!


 There were no two leaves that were completely the same in this world; similarly primeval essence was unique to each Gu Master. If Gu Masters transferred primeval essence to each other without the use of Gu like bone flesh unity Gu, the foreign primeval essence would mix together and the aperture would explode eventually.


 However, whether it was the first or second aperture, they both belonged to Fang Yuan; their essence was the same so the primeval essence could be mutually transferred.


 "Rise."


 Fang Yuan silently willed and the purple crystal primeval essence in his first aperture charged towards the second aperture in the center of his chest.


 A rank five peak stage primeval essence charging at rank four crystal membrane was bound to cause an intense reaction.


 At the crack of dawn, Fang Yuan had successfully broken through to rank five initial stage.


 The breakthrough to rank five this time was the easiest one in all the attempts he had ever tried.


 "But because I used first aperture’s primeval essence, the second aperture has also received the region’s suppression now." Fang Yuan could perceive that the second aperture right now had light purple primeval essence but activating it would only give the effect of the previous true gold primeval essence.


 "In just over half a month, the suppression on the second aperture will fade while the first aperture will completely blend into northern plains’ environment in three months and will no longer receive suppression! It will also be the time when the struggle for the Imperial Court reaches the climax...."


 Fang Yuan let out a breath of turbid air and stood up to stretch his body.


 A night of cultivation without rest gave him a slight feeling of tiredness.


 He pushed open the secret room’s door. The two rank three Gu Masters guarding in front of the door immediately greeted him.


 One of the Gu Masters gave good news to Fang Yuan: "Lord Wolf King, our Gu Masters were fortunate enough to capture a shark fin wolf in the wild. We have locked it within a cage, tribe leader has told me to inform lord, when you finish your cultivation, to go to the supply camp to subdue it.


 This news was an unexpected surprise to Fang Yuan.


 Shark fin wolf was a mutated beast with the battle strength of a rank four Gu Master. Although Fang Yuan had purchased a batch of mutated wolves in treasure yellow heaven, he did not bring them out due to the lack of a clear explanation.


 If there was a shark fin wolf by his side guarding him, Fang Yuan would no doubt be much safer while battling.


 After a while, Fang Yuan entered the supply camp.


 "Tu Bo greets Lord Wolf King." A rank three Gu Master hurried over to welcome Fang Yuan.


 He was short and fat, his chubby face shining with a glossy light. He spoke with a flattering voice: "Lord Wolf King, I have already been waiting for a long time to receive you."


 At Tu Bo’s lead, Fang Yuan and others soon saw that shark fin wolf in a wooden cage.


 The shark fin wolf was as huge as an elephant and was lying in the cage at this moment. Its whole body was covered with firm carapace like a crocodile’s. On its back, a row of shark fins extended from its head to tail.


 The light of dawn shone on its body. This shark fin wolf was closing its eyes, its consciousness lost under the effect of slumber Gu.


 "Congratulations to lord. Shark fin wolf is the mutated wolf with the strongest defense. With this wolf’s protection, lord will be like a tiger that has grown wings."


 "What’s rarer is that shark fin wolf can not only fight on land, but has even more battle strength underwater!"


 The two rank three Gu Master guards looked at this divine steed shark fin wolf and commented while congratulating Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled and looked at this shark fin wolf, his eyes slightly narrowed as he absent-mindedly asked: "How many people were sacrificed to capture this mutated wolf?"


 Tu Bo knew Fang Yuan was asking him, immediately replying: "We had to sacrifice four rank three Gu Masters and at least over two hundred rank two Gu Masters. If not for Wang tribe leader and Fang tribe leader’s timely reinforcement, this shark fin wolf would have escaped."


 Fang Yuan nodded, his eyes squinting to a slit: "This shark fin wolf is riddled with injuries but it looks like it had old injuries?"


 "Yes. If not for its old injuries, the investigative Gu Master might not have been able to escape alive and hurry back to report. I can see that Lord Wolf King has obtained the blessing of Longevity Heaven, sending you an injured shark fin wolf before the great battle." Tu Bo flattered.


 "Fortunate..." Fang Yuan muttered, a feeling of uneasiness becoming ever stronger in his heart.


 He was not clear on how this feeling arose, but it gave him an indescribable sense of danger.


 He asked several questions but did not find anything wrong.


 Shark fin wolf was a mutated beast, having battle strength of a rank four Gu Master. Because it had old injuries, it could be held back and captured alive.


 Everything was reasonable.


 The only unreasonable thing was the uneasy feeling in Fang Yuan’s heart.


 But Fang Yuan placed utmost importance on this instinct.


 He did not have this feeling when he had just crossed over in his previous life. It was an intuition that was born from the accumulation of his plentiful experience after enduring hundreds of years of trials and countless deadly situations.


 People became astute as they aged. No matter how stupid someone was, after experiencing many losses and trials, and seeing many things, they would naturally gain some wisdom.


 In truth, not only humans, even ordinary beasts would have a type of intuition and sensitivity towards danger.


 Under the surrounding Gu Masters’ anticipating looks, Fang Yuan took out a rank four wolf enslavement Gu.


 "Here take it, subdue this mutated wolf." What was unexpected was Fang Yuan did not personally make a move, instead gave the wolf enslavement Gu to Tu Bo.


 "Lord wants me to use it?" Tu Bo was astonished, "But I am only at rank three..."


 "Speak less nonsense and use it quickly." Fang Yuan impatiently shouted, forcibly handing the wolf enslavement Gu to Tu Bo.


 Tu Bo was helpless, he did not know what eccentric temperament a lord like Wolf King had, but due to Fang Yuan’s prestige, he could only start pouring primeval essence into the wolf enslavement Gu.


 He poured his primeval essence for a long time and only when he was starting to sweat profusely from the exhaustion, did the rank four wolf enslavement Gu slowly activate.


 Wolf enslavement Gu turned into a mystical light and descended on the shark fin wolf’s body while flickering.


 "Sigh..." A regretful sigh of a female suddenly resounded in everyone’s ears.


 At that instant, the warning sign in Fang Yuan’s heart suddenly soared and he immediately retreated without thinking!


 A trembling feeling instantly engulfed the souls of everyone present.


 Almost at the same moment, Tu Bo suddenly opened his mouth and let out a miserable cry before dying on the spot!


 The two rank three Gu Master guards were overwhelmed with shock, they simply did not know how Tu Bo lost his life. Subconsciously, they followed Fang Yuan and quickly flew back.


 But soon, one of them suddenly shuddered, losing all life while still in mid-air.


 "Soul explosion..." A light flashed past Fang Yuan’s mind as he blurted out.


 "Lord Wolf King sure enough has extraordinary insights." A woman’s soft sound echoed beside his ear followed by surging shadows.


 The shadows were like swords, overlapping over one another and suddenly opened up like a peacock fanning its feathers before binding Fang Yuan’s body incisively.


 Rank four — multiple sword shadow Gu!


 Cling Clang!


 Immediately, concentrated sounds echoed, blending into one.


 Multiple sword shadows struck Fang Yuan’s body, producing dazzling sparks like gold colliding with iron.


 Fang Yuan’s skin turned dark-green and if one carefully observed it, they would see patterns over his body like that on a turtle shell.


 Rank five — turtle jade wolf skin Gu!


 "Female scoundrel!" The remaining rank three Gu Master roared when he saw Fang Yuan being attacked, and changed his direction to help out.


 The female Gu Master who was mounting a sneak attack on Fang Yuan snorted, ignoring him as she made the multiple sword shadows go more berserk.


 At the same time, she spat out a thin snake.


 The snake was like a black thread that passed by the sword shadows and directly moved towards Fang Yuan’s ear.


 Fang Yuan was expressionless, his gaze as cold as an icy mountain. He suddenly moved his right hand and grabbed the rank three Gu Master guard who came to assist him.


 "Lord Wolf King!" The rank three Gu Master was startled, he had come to protect Fang Yuan and had never imagined Fang Yuan would actually grab him.


 While he was astonished and dazed, Fang Yuan pulled him towards his right side, right in between Fang Yuan and shark fin wolf.


 Almost at the same time, the rank three Gu Master gave a short pained groan, his whole body twitched, his eyes rolled and he foamed from his mouth!


 The thread-like snake took this chance to slitter into Fang Yuan’s ear.


 Fang Yuan gave a stuffed snort, he then let go of the rank three Gu Master and started to pound the sword shadows.


 The female Gu Master could perceive the enormous strength contained within these punches. She softly chuckled and did not receive the punches forcibly, instead called back the multiple sword shadow Gu, her body then turned into a black shadow as she swiftly retreated twenty steps away.


 The black shadow landed on the shadow of a tent and turned back into a woman.


 This woman looked exquisite, she wore black clothing and her face was covered with a black gauze, only revealing a pair of narrow red phoenix eyes.


 From top to bottom, her body let out a gloomy and solitary aura, adding a demonic charm to her beauty; one look at her and it would be hard to forget.


 "Junior Shadowless Sword Bian Si Xuan greets Lord Wolf King." The woman slightly bowed towards Fang Yuan. She was in the enemy camp with enemies surrounding her, but she looked calm and at ease.


 Fang Yuan snorted and questioned: "What Gu did you assault me with?"


 Bian Si Xuan smiled: "When junior went on an expedition once, in a certain ruins, I unexpectedly discovered a strange Gu worm. When activated, it would pierce into the ear and enter the brain. As long as the person thinks faster for even a bit, this Gu will rapidly expand till the brain bursts. Thus junior has named it brain explosion Gu."


 Fang Yuan’s expression sank.


 Bian Si Xuan bowed once more, her tone full of sincere admiration: "Senior could actually perceive Lord Dong Fang’s meticulously planned fatal trap and even avoid most of the force of soul explosion, junior is truly in admiration. Taking senior’s life will be junior’s greatest honor, farewell."


 Immediately afterwards, she turned into a black shadow and ran through the shadows of the buildings.


 "She’s shadow sword expert!"


 "Damn it, block her."


 Many Gu Masters who had hurried because of the noise, shouted furiously and attacked at the shadows, but Bian Si Xuan’s black shadow had already disappeared.


 She left, or was she still here? For a moment, no one dared to be certain.


 "We came late, we ask for Lord Wolf King’s forgiveness!"


 "Lord Wolf King, are you alright?"


 The worried crowd quickly surrounded Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s body did not suffer heavy injuries but his skin and hair were slashed by the sword shadows, making him look quite miserable.


 "What could happen to me? A group of incompetent trash, no one realized that the other party had infiltrated the camp! All of you get lost!" Fang Yuan shouted in anger, but he was secretly joyful.


 He had not thought that in this assasination attempt, a clue to one of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritances would become his!


 Brain explosion Gu?


 Did you really think I could not have blocked it?


 Hmph, inexperienced junior...


 In Fang Yuan’s past life’s memories, this shadow sword expert Bian Si Xuan was an important character.


 She was one of Ma Hong Yun’s wives and would become rank six Gu Immortal in the future. It was because of her ’brain explosion Gu’, that Ma Hong Yun could obtain one of Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritances.


 It was only that Ma Hong Yun had always avoided mentioning what this inheritance was or the concrete details of it, so Fang Yuan was also not clear.


 He only knew how to properly activate this ’brain explosion Gu’.


 "Ma Hong Yun always avoided talking about it, one could see how big of a harvest he had gained from this inheritance and was afraid of others coveting it if he told the truth." Fang Yuan looked extremely furious on the surface, but his heart was calmly analyzing the event.



***
Chapter 505: Star Thought Gu


***





 Chapter 505: Star Thought Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "We did not succeed after all..." Dong Fang Yu Liang looked at the rain outside the window with his arms behind his back, sighing.


 This shark fin wolf was captured from the wild intentionally, he paid a hefty price.


 After that, he made some secret markings on the shark fin wolf, and as he was afraid of his enemy finding out, he purposely chose a rank five soul explosion Gu and planted it inside the shark fin wolf.


 Finally, he sent an assassin in the demonic path who was famous in northern plains, Shadow Sword Expert, and gave the corresponding Gu needed to activate the soul explosion to her, instructing carefully.


 This assassination that he planned meticulously, in order to not waste his efforts, he made several simulations, until all the flaws and loopholes were removed.


 Be it the shark fin wolf’s body, the location or time it appeared, even the attitude of the Gu Master who discovered the shark fin wolf was considered by him.


 But even so, he did not succeed.


 At the crucial moment, Wolf King Chang Shan Yin found something amiss and ordered someone else to strike. Seeing that the chance was slipping away, Shadow Sword Expert had to activate soul explosion Gu.


 The power of soul explosion was formless and colorless, it could not be seen with the naked eye, but Chang Shan Yin was able to escape at the first moment and reveal the truth.


 As he was restricted by Bian Si Xuan’s attacks, he only managed to get to the furthest range of the soul explosion, but in the moment of crisis, he was extremely calm, using the reinforcements as a shield and blocked most of the soul explosion’s strength.


 "His reputation matches his abilities, as expected of the Wolf King who shook northern plains." Dong Fang Yu Liang heard Bian Si Xuan’s report and raised his evaluation of Fang Yuan.


 With a mutated beast before him, he managed to control the temptation. With his vigilant nature, he made the correct judgement in the face of danger, and immediately spotted the soul explosion’s range, the callousness of using his own alliance mate as a shield, as well as the calmness to not chase after the perpetrator after being assassinated.


 "Wolf King..." Dong Fang Yu Liang muttered, his heart becoming heavier.


 "Dong Fang alliance leader does not need to worry. Although Chang Shan Yin used a meat shield at the last moment, he was still obstructed by me and was within range of the soul explosion. Furthermore, he was afflicted by my brain explosion Gu, even if this Gu didn’t take his life, his battle strength would be greatly affected. We can say that Wolf King is basically crippled now."


 At a corner of the study room, Bian Si Xuan wore black clothes as she stood among the shadow, saying in a cold voice.


 "Brain explosion Gu?" Dong Fang Yu Liang was stunned, this was the first time he had heard of this Gu.


 Bian Si Xuan laughed lightly, explaining to him the origin of this Gu.


 "So that’s it..." Dong Fang Yu Liang heard this and his eyes shone, he sighed as he thanked Bian Si Xuan: "It was all thanks to Shadow Sword Expert’s help this time, but you lost a great trump card in the progress."


 Bian Si Xuan did not speak. 

 Actually, her heart was bleeding too.


 Ever since she had tested the effects of brain explosion Gu, she had kept it as one of her trump cards. Many of her assassinations succeeded because of it.


 But when she assassinated Chang Shan Yin, the situation was urgent and she could not kill Chang Shan Yin on the spot, thus she could not retrieve it. When the enemy forces came, she had to retreat to protect herself.


 "This is the reward that you were promised earlier." Dong Fang Yu Liang took out a Gu worm from his aperture.


 This Gu’s body was black, it had a horn and square shell. It was fist-sized but gave people a heavy feeling.


 This was the rank four overlapping shadow Gu.


 Bian Si Xuan’s gaze landed on overlapping shadow Gu, showing some desire and anxious emotion. Although she had multiple sword shadow Gu, the attacks were dispersed and she would face a tough battle when fighting against a defensive opponent.


 If she could have overlapping shadow Gu, she could overlap the sword shadows together, and form a strong attack. It would be a huge boost to her battle strength.


 But quickly, Bian Si Xuan retracted her gaze, not taking the overlapping shadow Gu.


 In the shadows, her cold voice could be heard carrying some arrogance: "This overlapping shadow Gu will be kept by alliance leader for now, after the Wolf King dies, I will come and take it."


 Saying so, she fused into the shadows, vanishing.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was slightly stunned, he kept the overlapping shadow Gu back into his aperture.


 "This Shadow Sword Expert is truly a person of her word, no wonder she can gain such success among the large tribes despite being a demonic path Gu cultivator. Many righteous path Gu Masters would spend a heavy sum to hire her. It seems that she is very confident in brain explosion Gu... if this can really get rid of Wolf King, then I will have one less threat to worry about, that is the best case."


 "But what if she fails? What if brain explosion Gu was successfully resolved by Chang Shan Yin? At the crucial moment, he had chosen to deal with the soul explosion Gu and instead allowed the brain explosion Gu to enter his ear, that shows he had some confidence and countermeasure for this problem..."


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s gaze dimmed: "But Wolf King was indeed affected by the soul explosion... there are more variables now, I have to make new deductions."


 Thinking of this, he moved beside the book shelf and turned the incense holder, opening up a secret tunnel.


 Walking in the secret tunnel, he came to a deep area.


 Here, he had planted an earth bacteria king Gu.


 This Gu was a type of Gu house, the space was cramped inside but it was enough for a person to cultivate. Most importantly, the earth bacteria king Gu had strong defense, it could ensure Dong Fang Yu Liang’s safety.


 After he entered the Gu house, Dong Fang Yu Liang closed the exit. The entire earth bacteria king Gu curled into a ball and went further down by a few meters before stopping.


 The earth bacteria king Gu’s internal walls were soft and thick, like a carpet. Dong Fang Yu Liang sat down and closed his eyes.


 His mind entered his aperture, activating his rank five primeval essence and injected it into his star thought Gu.


 He started to think —


 "If Wolf King manages to deal with brain explosion, how do I deal with him?"


 The moment this question emerged in his mind, under the effect of star thought Gu, it formed into a thought.


 Ordinary thoughts were formless and without matter, it could exist in the brain.


 But this thought gave off a blue starlight, not only could it be seen with the naked eye, it could also leave his brain and head, flying above Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang quickly thought: "To deal with an enslavement path Gu Master, there are three ways."


 "The first is the supreme method, pitting enslavement path master against enslavement path master." The second thought shining with starlight flew out of Dong Fang Yu Liang’s brain, flying together with the first star thought.


 "The second is the domination method, using the beheading leader tactic, charging forward and taking his life from within the army of defense." The third star thought spun around the first star thought as well.


 "This third is the peculiar method, assassinating Chang Shan Yin, using bribes or kinship against him." The fourth star thought flew out as well, coiling together with the previous thoughts and collided at times. But no matter how they clashed, the four thoughts remained as four, there were no changes.


 Soon after, Dong Fang Yu Liang recalled: Our side’s military force, the enemy’s military force, both side’s rations, Chang Shan Yin’s personality and motive, all of our expert Gu Masters’ information, all of the enemy’s expert Gu Masters’ information, the recent weather prediction and changes, the terrain of the battlefield, how many mounds, lakes, how many beast groups nearby, whether any forces will intervene...


 Poof.


 In an instant, thousands of star thoughts formed at once, gushing out of his brain towards Dong Fang Yu Liang’s head.


 At once, starlight was shining brightly!


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s expression paled as his primeval sea level fell drastically.


 He manipulated these star thoughts proficiently.


 Orbs of star thoughts, big and small, the biggest were toe-sized while the smallest were thumb-sized. Within this crowded space, these star thoughts collided with each other.


 Some star thoughts collided and formed into three or four, even five or six new star thoughts.


 Some fused instead, while others split themselves into smaller orbs.


 Hundreds and thousands of thoughts filled the air, they were densely packed, circulating around Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 The primeval sea level continued to fall, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s mind was completely focused, manipulating these star thoughts to fuse and collide, or split into new ones.


 Due to his hard work, or through the help of his other wisdom path Gu worms, the star thoughts continued to decrease in number.


 After four hours, from the hundreds and thousands of star thoughts, only eight were left.


 But these eight star thoughts were fist-sized, shining with starlight as they contained a complicated thought.


 As these star thoughts entered Dong Fang Yu Liang’s brain, his eyes shone with the light of wisdom.


 He had successfully deduced several methods to deal with Wolf King. These methods were organized and clear, with proper steps to be taken.


 If it was a normal person, they would have to think for a month or two to clear out these thoughts, in fact, it would be difficult to get the solution from among these messy thoughts.


 But using his wisdom path method, Dong Fang Yu Liang spent only four hours and got his answer.


 But these answers were not the only ones.


 Taking out primeval stones to recover his primeval essence, Dong Fang Yu Liang rested for a while before starting to analyze the same question again.


 This time, he only spent an hour and obtained seven star thoughts.


 The star thoughts entered his brain, and he got some answers after reading them. These answers were very similar to the ones before, but there were minute details that were different.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang breathed a sigh of relief, finally stopping.


 After a while, he relied on his primeval stones to recover his primeval essence back to its peak condition.


 But in the depths of his soul, there was a strong sense of fatigue circulating around him, he could not get rid of it.


 The deductions of wisdom path not only expended primeval essence when activating Gu worms, it also expended the soul’s energy. The more deductions made, or the grander the scale of the thoughts, the longer the deduction would take, and the greater the burden on the soul.


 Feeling a sense of weakness was normal, if the difficulty of the deduction was higher, the soul might get damaged, or he might even die!


 Of course, as a rank five wisdom path Gu Master, Dong Fang Yu Liang who had received guidance from a Gu Immortal naturally had a complete set of Gu worms.


 Rank four, refine essence spirit Gu!


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s body became thinner immediately, as the vitality in his body was converted by the refine essence spirit Gu into resources for his soul.


 The soul was nourished, and his fatigue faded quickly.


 But a strong sense of hunger soon assaulted him.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang rubbed his tummy, laughing bitterly in his heart: "Refine essence spirit Gu, a secretly passed down Gu in my Dong Fang tribe, it can heal the soul well but it does not treat the core of the issue. Soul path and wisdom path are closely related, if I can get the legendary guts Gu, I would be able to make deductions as I wish. Even if my soul gets damaged, I can easily heal it. What a pity that guts Gu can only be found on Dang Hun mountain..."



***
Chapter 506: Three Hearts Combination Soul


***





 Chapter 506: Three Hearts Combination Soul


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 After a few days of ominous rain, it finally stopped.


 The dark clouds dispersed in the sky, as pillars of light shone through the clouds, landing on the wet grassland.


 The sky was wide and huge, a truly grand sight.


 Hei alliance army formed into a current as they flowed towards Cao Fu.


 Looking ahead, there were people all around; looking back, the dark troops looked like a tail, extending beyond where one could see, but this was only the middle troops, other than this, there were the vanguards, support troops, left and right defense troops, this displayed Hei alliance’s grand army perfectly.


 A huge twin-headed rhino’s body was covered in steel armor as it moved like a small astle. With sixteen pairs of pillar-like legs, it moved forward, stepping on the grass causing a dent in it.


 This was the rank four strength huge beast twin-headed steel rhino, it was being manipulated by an enslavement path Gu Master as it gave off an imposing aura. Hei tribe’s main tent was on its back, as Hei Lou Lan sat at the center of the main tent, the tent was propped up highly and their field of vision was very wide.


 He was black and fat, his face was full of hair, he laid down on the tiger skin chair, raising his head to gulp some wine in one mouthful.


 "Hahaha, looking at my army’s formation, there is no reason to fear that Dong Fang Yu Liang lad." He looked around, the flames of ambition burning in him, as his laughter revealed a brutal and violent aura.


 "Lord alliance leader is right!"


 "I’m afraid that Dong Fang lad is already peeing his pants in fear already?"


 "Haha, with all the heroes present here, our army can definitely take down the opponent swiftly in this battle."


 In the main tent, the higher-ups present were mostly rank four experts, there were few rank three peak stage Gu Masters, they were laughing and optimistic, agreeing with Hei Lou Lan’s words.


 Only one person was seated right beside the main seat, he was expressionlessly resting his eyes, like an outsider, paying no heed to the conversations.


 But this did not make anyone unhappy, in fact, this felt natural to them.


 Hei Lou Lan filled his wine cup as he toasted this person: "Brother Shan Yin, let’s have a drink!"


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, raising his cup as he toasted Hei Lou Lan, drinking the delicious wine together.


 "Brother Shan Yin, still thinking about that assassination? Hahahaha, that Shadow Sword Expert is indeed a beauty, I have sent my men to deal with her already. That Dong Fang lad is shameless, he dared to carry out an assassination, but we cannot show any weakness! After we win this battle and capture that woman, she will be yours to deal with!" Hei Lou Lan urged with his rough voice.


 Everyone laughed.


 "With Lord Wolf King’s assistance, any defense line can be broken!" A Gu Master immediately bootlicked.


 "Extremely true, I heard that Shadow Sword Expert is beauty as a flower, she would definitely be fun in bed!" A male Gu Master winked, showing an expression that all men can understand.


 "What assassination can take our Lord Wolf King’s life? Hmph, it is but that Dong Fang lad’s wishful thinking, no matter how many assassinations they carry out, we are not afraid." The Gu Master in charge of the camp’s defenses laughed.


 Fang Yuan snorted, looking at this person coldly: "How many assassinations do you want? Letting someone sneak in here and leave as they wish, aren’t you ashamed at all?"


 The tent turned quiet.


 Hei Lou Lan quickly soothed the atmosphere: "Sigh, don’t be angry brother Shan Yin..."


 But before he finished, Fang Yuan interrupted him: "Never mind the rest, but Hei tribe leader, where are the materials and Gu worms that I wanted?"


 Using the opportunity of the assassination, Fang Yuan flew into a rage and demanded some ’fright recovery fees’.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes flashed with unhappiness for a moment, as he laughed: "I have sent them to your tent, brother."


 Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction, standing up: "In that case, I shall go and cultivate, when the battle begins, call me."


 Saying so, he did not wait for Hei Lou Lan’s reply before jumping off the twin-headed rhino, leaving everyone’s vision.


 "Hmph!" Hei Lou Lan snorted with his nose, slamming his wine cup on the table.


 After he succeeded in making the alliance, he became the alliance leader, the authority of controlling tens of thousands of people made him feel great satisfaction, he could not tolerate Fang Yuan’s arrogant attitude.


 The tent was still silent.


 But quickly, an ominous voice spoke: "This Lord Wolf King... I understand now why Chang tribe could not tolerate him back then."


 Everyone heard this and did not say anything, but agreement could be seen on their expressions.


 Chang Shan Yin was arrogant, but any organisation had its chain of commands, any person in power would not allow a subordinate’s disregard for the system.


 "Oh, it is Cunning Gentleman Sun Shi Han." Hei Lou Lan turned his gaze over and saw the person speaking, he pointed at Fang Yuan’s seat: "Come, since Chang Shan Yin left already, you shall sit here."


 Sun Shi Han was overjoyed, he made bad remarks about Fang Yuan in order to please Hei Lou Lan after all.


 Hei Lou Lan accepted his goodwill, after all, Fang Yuan’s seat was the closest to Hei Lou Lan, but this was the reason why not anyone could sit there.


 Sun Shi Han was called Cunning Gentleman, he was a cunning and devious person, adept at using schemes and plots, but he always had a good excuse for what he did, using the banner of righteousness to abide by the rules of the game, although he was extremely shameless, no one could do anything to him.


 Sun Shi Han had rank four initial stage cultivation, he knew he had no qualifications to sit on Fang Yuan’s seat.


 But he had a plan, he stood up from his seat and bowed to Hei Lou Lan: "Thank you alliance leader, but there cannot be reward without hard work, for this battle, I have thought about it for seven days and seven nights, I have twenty-three ideas to offer to you."


 "Oh?"


 Sun Shi Han immediately said his twenty-three ideas, each sentence cut to the point, he was extremely familiar with Dong Fang alliance army, especially all the expert Gu Masters that they had, he evidently put in great efforts for this.


 At once, everyone’s attention was on him.


 After he finished, Hei Lou Lan clapped as he laughed: "As expected of Cunning Gentleman, that is a good plan."


 Sun Shi Han laughed as he continued: "Reporting to alliance leader, just earlier, I have thought of a new plan, it is called expression weakness to the enemy. That Dong Fang Yu Liang assassinated Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, the Wolf King was affected by soul explosion Gu but did not die. Dong Fang Yu Liang would definitely plan again and make many moves against Lord Wolf King. Why don’t we make do with this, and order the Wolf King to stay put, only after we tear down Dong Fang Yu Liang’s methods in battle will we call the Wolf King to strike, to put an end to the enemy. What do you think about this, alliance leader?"


 Everyone heard this and raised their brows, some were silent.


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze shone for a bit, he thought about it and said solemnly: "Sun Shi Han’s plan is not bad, we will see about it."


 This answer was very vague, but Sun Shi Han showed a happy expression.


 "Sit." Hei Lou Lan pointed at the seat again.


 "Thank you lord for the seat, I am honored." Saying so, Sun Shi Han really kneeled on the ground and kowtowed to Hei Lou Lan.


 Many of the Gu Masters present showed a look of disdain, while some old tribe leaders had an expression deep in thought.


 ...


 "E Xuan Ming, Jiang Wan Shang, and Wei Xin pays respect to Dong Fang alliance leader."


 In the study room, three enslavement path Gu Masters, two males and one female, greeted Dong Fang Yu Liang together.


 Although there were no enslavement masters like Fang Yuan in Dong Fang alliance army, there were quite a number of enslavement Gu Masters from the different tribes, and among them, these three were the most outstanding.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang sat as he moved his head slightly at the three, immediately getting to the point: "The reason why I called you three here today is to discuss how to deal with Wolf King Chang Shan Yin."


 Wolf King Chang Shan Yin!


 Hearing this, their expressions changed.


 A person’s name was like the shadow of a tree.


 This was an enslavement path master, having shook northern plains decades ago, now that he had returned, he challenged three mid-sized tribes in one night, not only did his strength increase, he even had the night wolf emperor. With the help of Hei tribe, he controlled half a million wolves, and could affect the entire battle single-handedly!


 Such an expert, how could they be his match?


 These three enslavement path Gu Masters looked at each other and saw the solemn fear they all had.


 But at this point, there was no use being afraid, the three said collectively: "We will listen to Dong Fang alliance leader’s instructions."


 Dong Fang Yu Liang laughed, but he changed the topic, asking them about the details of enslavement path cultivation.


 "Enslavement path requires the most resources, although we have our tribe’s support, my crocodile group is only about fifty thousand in numbers. I am ashamed." E Xuan Ming said.


 "I’m sure alliance leader knows my circumstances, I was not an enslavement path Gu master from the start, I started halfway when I found Blood Sea Ancestor’s small inheritance during an expedition, and obtained quite a number of the bladewing blood bats group. These years, I have been gathering the relevant enslavement path Gu worms, but my progress is slow." Jiang Wan Shan sighed.


 Wei Xin sighed too: "In my opinion, the hardest part about enslavement path cultivation is the soul. Using ordinary Gu worms to strengthen and refine the soul has too low efficiency. I worked hard for twenty years, almost cultivating daily, but now I have only reached eight hundred man crabman soul."


 Among the three, the oldest and strongest person was Wei Xin.


 Soul path, enslavement path, and wisdom path, the three paths had a deep relationship, after Dong Fang Yu Liang heard Wei Xin’s words, he thought about his own cultivation, and he showed an understanding expression.


 He slowly spoke: "Soul cultivation is very difficult indeed, ample patience is needed to accumulate your growth. Although I used the coptis rhizome Gu, and slow slicing Gu to gain a thousand man soul, it expended ten years of my precious time."


 The three heard this and their expression changed when they looked at Dong Fang Yu Liang, turning into a look of admiration.


 Coptis rhizome Gu and slow slicing Gu, the former could strengthen the soul, but once a Gu Master uses it, they would experience the most bitter taste in the world, eating anything would be a painful torture to them, if they used this Gu for a long time, they would be unable to eat anything, and the Gu Master would became extremely thin and weak.


 Meanwhile, slow slicing Gu could refine the soul, and get rid of the impurities in the soul, but in the process, the Gu Master would feel extreme pain, like their flesh was being sliced away piece by piece.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang had outstanding talent, reaching rank five at this young age, but this was also due to his hard work, achieved through an uncountable amount of tears, blood and sweat.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s expression turned serious: "Do you know about our Dong Fang tribe’s combination killer move used by three people, called three hearts combination soul?"


 Killer move — Three Hearts Combination Soul!


 The three’s pupils shrunk, Dong Fang tribe’s famous triple combination killer move, who in the world would not know about it?



***
Chapter 507: Surprising Thieving Heaven Inheritance


***





 Chapter 507: Surprising Thieving Heaven Inheritance


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Red, green, and black, three colors intertwined in the air violently.


 A flickering light was reflecting in Fang Yuan’s eyes, he was extremely focused as he concentrated on the half finished product in front of him, trying to stabilize the situation.


 Chiiii!


 Suddenly, a shrill buzzing erupted.


 The sound waves vibrated in the air, forming a violent wind as it overturned the table and chairs in the room, even the flower vase fell and smashed on the ground, ink on the table fell on the ground as writing paper flew in the air.


 The three colors vanished, and the half finished product exploded into a pool of blue blood traces, splattering on the surrounding walls.


 "Failed again..." Fang Yuan sighed lightly.


 These days, he had been refining Gu, this Gu was called nauseous crying baby Gu, used mainly to deal with three hearts combination soul.


 Three hearts combination soul was a famous killer move of Dong Fang tribe, it could allow three Gu Master’s soul to fuse into one temporarily, going into a state where all three work as one, regardless of defending, attacking, or retreating.


 With Fang Yuan’s experience these few days, his unclear memories started to become more vivid as well.


 He vaguely remembered that Hei Lou Lan suffered greatly in this battle against Dong Fang Yu Liang, only winning by a margin. Because of three hearts combination soul, Hei Lou Lan’s side suffered great losses.


 After that, Ma Hong Yun rose up, and when he was dealing with Dong Fang tribe, three hearts combination soul caused great problems for him.


 Once, he was set up by some people, and lost terribly against this killer move, getting captured alive by Dong Fang tribe.


 Ma Hong Yun thus became a prisoner, and met with Dong Fang Qing Yu by accident, gaining her affection. Not only did Dong Fang Qing Yu let him escape secretly, she even told him all the secrets regarding this killer move.


 Ma Hong Yun returned safely, and together with his wife, Sheng Ling Er, who was a refinement path master, created the nauseous crying baby Gu, specifically to deal with three hearts combination soul.


 Nauseous crying baby Gu had great effects on the battle, using this, Ma Hong Yun obtained a great victory, while Dong Fang tribe lost consecutively.


 After they failed too many times, the killer move three hearts combination soul was slowly phased out of use.


 During the battle of the five regions, chaos was everywhere and three hearts combination soul was stolen by central continent Gu Masters, they improved upon it and it became a powerful move again. Ma Hong Yun thus released the recipe of nauseous crying baby and after everyone learnt it, they modified it based on the original Gu recipe, to deal with the improved three hearts combination soul.


 Thereafter, three hearts combination soul finally lost its use, and was left behind in history.


 Fang Yuan rebirthed, with five hundred years of memories, he naturally knew the recipe of nauseous crying baby Gu.


 But nauseous crying baby Gu was rank four, while the refinement materials were not rare, the refinement difficulty was extremely high. Even with Fang Yuan’s near refinement master level skills, he attempted it more than ten times but failed them all.


 Sighing, Fang Yuan got up and walked to the window.


 This window was destroyed by the Gu refinement failure, the air blast broke the glass, as a huge hole was created. The wind from outside carried the smell of the grass as it flowed into the room through the hole.


 Fang Yuan pressed his hand on the window as he sent his primeval essence over.


 Quickly, the new window panel started growing, forming and blocking all the wind outside.


 The walls moved like intestines, the earlier crevices and holes created were all filled, while the broken vase fragments on the ground as well as the blood traces were devoured.


 This was the convenience of the large lizard house Gu.


 Large lizard house Gu was rank three, advanced from the rank two lizard house Gu.


 The lizard house Gu was already large as a bus, it looked like a four-legged lizard on the outside, with a pathway inside the lizard that splits into rooms on both sides.


 The large lizard house Gu was like a two-storey building, its body was five times the size of a lizard house Gu.


 It was split into two storeys, there were more rooms and a larger space within,. This was given to Fang Yuan by Hei Lou Lan personally after he joined Hei tribe.


 His daily cultivation was all done inside this room.


 Aside from Fang Yuan, there were six rank three Gu Masters guarding the surroundings.


 They took turns as sentries, paired with their investigative Gu that could deal with all hiding and lurking Gu Masters.


 If shadow sword expert attacks again, before she even gets close to a hundred steps, she would be discovered by Gu Masters, and her traces would be exposed. This was a measure set up after Fang Yuan’s assassination.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan looked down from the window, seeing large numbers of mortals and Gu masters anxiously setting up their defenses.


 Some of them were digging canals, some were growing trees, erecting arrow towers, or building mud walls... a tight defensive line was starting to form.


 This was the third line of defense.


 Northern plains’ terrain was mostly flat grassland, there were little obstacles and horses could run freely. Thus, since long ago, when two forces in northern plains engage in battle, the moment one side loses, they would not be able to escape, the winner would definitely be able to chase them down.


 Once a battle is lost, it would mean that it was the end, a tribe would quickly weaken or even face its demise.


 But with a defensive line, the results would be different.


 Once a battle is lost, be it retreating and escaping, or avoiding the enemy temporarily, waiting for a chance to counterattack, these defensive lines would have great use.


 Battles were a matter of life and death, it decided the fate of the tribes, it was dangerous and hard to predict, one tiny accident or a mistake from either side could result in failure.


 At this time, when a tribe retreats and defends according to their defensive line, they would stabilize their footing and would be able to regroup.


 This was the world of Gu. An individual had mysterious powers, it was not difficult to construct a long defensive line that was longer than the great wall on Earth.


 People soon realized the benefits of these defensive lines.


 Because battles in northern plains were not decided quickly, defense battles were much more advantageous than offensive assault.


 "According to our intel, Dong Fang tribe is already starting on the growth defensive line, there are still about three thousand li of distance between us. According to their habits, every eight hundred to one thousand li would have a new defensive line." Fang Yuan recalled from his memories.


 These days, he had been cultivating in closed doors, but he had a firm grasp of the outside information. He was a higher-up of Hei alliance army, everyday there would be Gu Masters coming to give him information.


 "Looking at the time, tomorrow our vanguards will meet and begin the battle. But there is still some time before I strike."


 Fang Yuan was guarding the central camp now with Hei Lou Lan.


 A few days ago, Hei Lou Lan had sent someone to convey the message of the showing weakness tactic. In all, they wanted to make use of the opportunity to lure Dong Fang Yu Liang to make arrangements that he had prepared so that Fang Yuan could deal with him.


 Fang Yuan laughed coldly towards this.


 He had the night wolf emperor, the night wolf group was easy to replenish. But Hei Lou Lan refused to use these cannon fodder, while he wanted to deal with Dong Fang Yu Liang, he also wanted to suppress Wolf King Chang Shan Yin.


 Fang Yuan had displayed Chang Shan Yin’s arrogance perfectly, this made Hei Lou Lan unhappy, as the alliance was newly formed, all the different tribes were contesting against each other secretly, especially when the current situation was Hei tribe’s dominance. thus, all the Gu Masters were competing for battle merit, suppressing others to vie for more benefits.


 Water Demon Hao Ji Liu stood in front of the main tent for three days without moving in order to compete for the vanguard’s general position. He blocked the door for three days and made a din requesting to participate in battle, and after defeating over a dozen competitors, he got his wish.


 Cunning Gentleman used his schemes to emerge victorious, gaining Hei Lou Lan’s favor by showing his allegiance, now he was the number one strategist in the alliance army.


 This was the internal strife.


 Any organisation or political system had no lack of internal strifes.


 Chang Shan Yin was a loner, and also had five hundred thousand wolves, thus he was ostracised by everyone — since he is so strong, if he strikes, all the battle merits will be his, what would become of our benefits then?


 Hei Lou Lan agreed to Cunning Gentleman’s plan because he had to stabilize his position as the leader, and also to defend the hierarchy — Wolf King is way too strong now, it gives me great pressure, there has to be balance, he has to be suppressed.


 Towards these issues and these people’s thoughts, Fang Yuan was clear as day.


 His situation was different, the fight for the Imperial Court was just a jumping board, his motive was greater, much more than anyone could imagine, with the blessed land in his possession, he had little need for these battle gains.


 "Since they do not want me to strike, I would use this time to cultivate, isn’t that more advantageous for me?"


 What Fang Yuan lacked now was not these ordinary resources, but precious resources and large amounts of time.


 A day later, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu led the vanguard troops and engaged in battle with Dong Fang alliance army.


 When the generals were fighting, Hao Ji Liu displayed great strength as he killed the enemy’s general as well as three sub-generals.


 The enemy troops were without a leader, they lost their morale and were overwhelmed by Hao Ji Liu’s army, allowing him to gain a great victory. But in the process of chasing them, he was attacked by shadow sword expert Bian Si Xuan, and got heavily injured.


 Hao Ji Liu had to stop the attack and make a base there, nursing his wounds while waiting for the main troops to arrive.


 Three days later, Hei Lou Lan led the central army and entered the frontlines.


 Five days later, the two armies converged.


 The two camps were only several hundred li apart, the tribe flags were erected all around the camp as battle was around the corner, the atmosphere was heavy.


 Late at night, the bright moon shines in the sky with few stars.


 In the room, Fang Yuan sat on the cushion as his eyes were shut, activating space thought Gu.


 Space thought Gu, rank five, was bought in treasure yellow heaven. Using moving perspective cup Gu, Fang Yuan obtained it from Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Under the effect of space thought Gu, Fang Yuan had half-transparent thoughts that appeared like bubbles, getting closer to the brain explosion Gu in his skull.


 Brain explosion Gu was only rank four, Fang Yuan used Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura to forcefully subdue it back then.


 But the brain explosion Gu still remained in his head.


 These days, the brain explosion Gu had been absorbing his brain matter, while being corroded by space thought Gu, it had finally reached a qualitative change!


 In an instant, the brain explosion Gu scattered into a lump of black light, a lump of white smoke, and a fist-sized space thought.


 "The reverse refinement succeeded." Seeing this, Fang Yuan breathed out heavily as his heart was filled with joy.


 He moved the black light and white smoke out of his head, as they formed into two rank three Gu.


 These Gu were ordinary, Fang Yuan casually placed them at the side.


 The important thing was that space thought.


 Fang Yuan placed the space thought into his brain and read the details in it.


 Soon, his body shuddered as his pupils expanded, his face showing an undeniable joy that could not be concealed.


 "This particular Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance leads to Luo Po valley?!"



***
Chapter 508: Challenging Wolf King


***





 Chapter 508: Challenging Wolf King


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The pioneer of soul path — the legendary Gu Master at the apex of rank nine peak stage, Spectral Soul Demon Venerable once said:


 "In this huge world, the best option for soul strengthening is Dang Hun mountain, and for soul refinement, the best choice is Luo Po valley. One mountain and one valley, with both, one can obtain great success in soul path and sweep every obstacle in this world!"


 Thus, Dang Hun mountain and Luo Po valley became known as the soul cultivator’s sacred lands.


 Fang Yuan was well aware of how huge a help these two sacred lands could provide since obtaining Dang Hun mountain.


 His thousand man soul was cultivated through the guts Gu on Dang Hun mountain.


 Guts Gu was the number one Gu in increasing the foundation of the soul; it had no side-effects and its efficiency was extremely high as well.


 Normal Gu Masters would usually require about twenty years to cultivate their soul to thousand man soul level. Some geniuses with the help of their clans or the guidance of their seniors could cut down this twenty years by half.


 But for Fang Yuan?


 He used the guts Gu on Dang Hun mountain to strengthen his soul to thousand man level in less than half a year.


 This was coupled with the fact that Dang Hun mountain was slowly dying from the Immortal Gu Gruel Mud’s corrosion.


 With Dang Hun mountain, the speed at which Fang Yuan was able to raise his soul to thousand man soul level was like charging to the sky with a rocket. But apart from strengthening soul, the cultivation of soul required tempering to purify it.


 In this aspect, Fang Yuan’s progress was much slower.


 Compared to the speed of soul strengthening, his soul tempering speed was as slow as a tortoise climbing.


 Fang Yuan was using wolf soul Gu to temper his soul, to transform his soul to wolfman soul.


 But none of the wolf soul Gu he was using were rank five, the most he used was rank four. Using a rank four wolf soul Gu to purify thousand man soul was like pouring a bottle of ink in a lake; the efficiency of dying the whole lake was way too low.


 Fang Yuan had been searching for rank five wolf soul Gu, but it was in vain.


 But even without rank five wolf soul Gu, there was still one method.


 That was to use second watch Gu or third watch Gu to increase the timeflow of his body, or enter the blessed land, to increase the speed of his cultivation.


 These methods could be used by others, but Fang Yuan could not.


 Fang Yuan’s first vital Gu Spring Autumn Cicada was slowly recovering with time. Before he becomes a Gu Immortal, this Gu would be like an executioner’s blade hovering above his neck.


 "My thousand man soul was accomplished using Dang Hun mountain, Luo Po valley is on par with Dang Hun mountain, if I could obtain it..."


 For a moment, Fang Yuan had an impulse to change to soul path.


 "If I can save Dang Hun mountain and obtain Luo Po Valley, with the huge foundation of two sacred lands of the soul path, cultivating soul path would truly be a wise choice, even having much more prospects than the blood path I cultivated in my past life!"


 But soon, Fang Yuan calmed down.


 "According to the directions given by space thought, Luo Po Valley is quite far away, the matter of importance right now is saving Dang Hun mountain, now is not the time to go to Luo Po Valley. The battle is approaching, I also cannot casually abandon my current strength path and enslavement path foundation."


 Fang Yuan was relying on enslavement path and strength path to become an influential figure in northern plains.


 But his current strength was still far from allowing him to roam unhindered and invincible in the mortal world.


 One shadow sword expert was able to obstruct him.


 Although he had second aperture, cultivated strength and enslavement path, had rank five peak stage cultivation, Fang Yuan was involved in the fight for the Imperial Court, he still appeared insignificant.


 This was a whirlpool of war that involved the whole northern plains; if one was just a bit careless, even a rank five Gu Master had the danger of dying.


 "My enslavement path cultivation has achieved some success and can influence the whole situation, but it is clear that my attack is strong but defense is weak. On strength path aspect, it is still not enough for defending myself. It will be trouble once people like Mo Shi Kuang and Bian Si Xuan get near to me. I have to be much more careful in this battle with Dong Fang tribe."


 Thinking of the imminent great battle, Fang Yuan did not have raging battle intent like others.


 It could be said that Cunning Gentleman was doing him a small favor, letting him stay behind the scenes and have more time to cultivate and increase his battle strength.


 In the following days, Fang Yuan nurtured his second aperture while trying to refine nauseous crying baby Gu. At the same time, he communicated with Little Hu Immortal to handle all kinds of matters in the blessed land.


 In Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun mountain’s situation continued to worsen, the whole mountain was shrinking day by day. Little Hu Immortal disposed of large amounts of Gruel Mud from Dang Hun mountain every day to prolong Dang Hun mountain’s vitality as much as possible.


 Starry clouds covered the eastern part of the blessed land, the scale of starlight fireflies had expanded by three times of before, and there were even fifty to sixty more starlight firefly Gu than Little Hu Immortal’s initial assessment.


 Being able to get this many starlight firefly Gu in this short period of time was all thanks to air bubble fish.


 These air bubble fish were gradually showing their effects.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had frequently entered and exited Hu Immortal blessed land, using stargate Gu for a long time which caused the amount of starlight firefly Gu to dwindle. Now, starlight firefly Gu expanded in numbers once more, alleviating his pressure.


 At the western part of the blessed land, large numbers of pink rabbits were reproducing.


 Since Fang Yuan had transferred the wolf groups to northern plains, the pressure on the pink rabbits had decreased, thus their numbers was quickly expanding.


 After Little Hu Immortal reported these news, Fang Yuan immediately made her transfer large amounts of water wolves from the eastern lakes to the western parts to fill the gap in the food chain, but even so, the rabbits were still expanding wildly.


 To prevent a rabbit calamity, Little Hu Immortal had put up a large group of pink rabbits for sale in treasure yellow heaven, a few days ago.


 Fang Yuan was most concerned about the hairy men who were momentarily placed at the southern part of the blessed land.


 This was originally the rockmen’s home grounds, now there was a group of hairy men who suddenly appeared out of nowhere. The two sides fought for their territories causing several small scale conflicts.


 Under Fang Yuan’s instructions, Little Hu Immortal secretly helped the hairy men win against a stoneman tribe, and sold the stoneman captives to Immortal Crane Sect.


 Immortal Crane Sect kept on trying to make transactions for the guts Gu, but were always refused by Little Hu Immortal. Fang Zheng requested to see Fang Yuan several times as a negotiation representative, but was also refused.


 As for treasure yellow heaven, another batch of Gruel Mud was sold, gaining another remnant recipe of Immortal Gu Gruel Mud.


 The remnant recipes of Immortal Gu Fang Yuan had sold before was once again resold by Little Hu Immortal after a gap of some time, obtaining eleven immortal essence stones.


 When the same Gu recipe is sold multiple times in treasure yellow heaven and more Gu Immortals obtain it, its treasure light will decrease. Thus, this method could not be treated as a long term source of income.


 This was like a gold mine which was already mostly mined. The profits in the future would continue to decrease and not be worthy of too much expectations.


 After another three days of confrontation, Dong Fang Yu Liang personally wrote a war challenge and sent it to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was shocked and asked his subordinates: "Has the rear army of Dong Fang tribe arrived already?"


 Cunning Gentleman Sun Shi Han answered: "Their rear army is still five thousand li away, building the fifth defensive line."


 Hei Lou Lan gave a sinister smile: "Dong Fang tribe’s military strength was originally lower than ours and they still dare to split their forces!"


 Sun Shi Han also smiled: "Dong Fang Yu Liang is playing with fire. We might as well wait until our rear army converges, our military strength will greatly surpass theirs and at that time, we can crush through their whole army in one move."


 Baleful light flickered in Hei Lou Lan’s eyes. He had a personal grudge with Dong Fang Yu Liang; when he went adventuring to gain experience in his youth, he saw Dong Fang Qing Yu and drooled over her beauty, but he was taught a lesson by Dong Fang Yu Liang and had suffered quite a bit.


 He really wanted to take revenge, but he was not someone who was easily controlled by emotions.


 "Even a fool can see through this Dong Fang lad’s intention. He wants to battle but I won’t give him the chance. How long till my rear army arrives?" Hei Lou Lan asked.


 "Approximated three days." Wang tribe leader answered from the side.


 "Good. I will write a letter to Dong Fang Yu Liang to change the date to four days later!" Hei Lou Lan laughed loudly.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang received the letter and skimmed through it.


 Dong Fang alliance’s higher-ups were filled with fury.


 Hei Lou Lan had written nonsense, proclaiming he was giving three days of time to Dong Fang Yu Liang in magnanimity, and hoped Dong Fang Yu Liang would live up to this good intent and enjoy the last days of his life.


 The crowd shouted for war one after another, but Dong Fang Yu Liang calmly smiled: "Everyone, do not be impatient. This letter was already within my expectations. I have deduced many times over these days and have come up with a plan, please listen to the details..."


 Four days were gone in an instant.


 In this day of battle, it was a day of fine weather with blue sky spreading to the distant horizon.


 Knee-length grass grew lushly, the two sides moved in formation that reached hundred li, raising banners with tightly packed troops.


 A twin-headed hill sized rhino carried the main tent on its back. On the main tent was Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan, Hao Ji Liu, Wang tribe leader, Fang tribe leader, Ye tribe leader and other experts.


 Fang Yuan’s position was naturally at the topmost left side of the main seat.


 Cunning Gentleman Sun Shi Han was standing behind Hei Lou Lan with a loyal expression; he had already become Hei Lou Lan’s trusted aide.


 The wind whistled, causing the banners to flutter wildly. Fang Yuan looked into the distance from his seat, seeing the tight and disciplined formation of Dong Fang tribe with their main tent resting on a white cloud, floating in mid-air.


 One could vaguely see Dong Fang Yu Liang sitting on the central seat in the main tent with officials and fierce experts sitting on his left and right. Just from their disposition, they did not appear any weaker than Hei Lou Lan’s side.


 At this moment, Hei Lou Lan’s loud laughter rang in Fang Yuan’s ears: "Hahaha, this battle will signify the first step my Hei tribe takes towards the ownership of the Imperial court and ruling the northern plains. Everyone, who wants to go forward and make the first challenge?"


 His words had just landed when a group of Gu Masters rose one after another, shouting or vouching for themselves to request to be sent to battle.


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze travelled through the group and landed on one of them: "Pan Ping, you shall go."


 Pan Ping was tall and buff, his hair was reddish-yellow, on his waist was a scimitar with gold edge and silver handle. He laughed heartily when chosen and just as he was about to agree, a loud shout came from the enemy: "Junior Tang Miao Ming has heard of the awespiring name of the grand Wolf King for a long time, I have specifically come to get a pointer or two."


 "Dong Fang Yu Liang has guts, he actually chose to challenge us first!"


 "That is little fox commander Tang Miao Ming, a rank four middle stage Gu Master, she actually directly challenged Lord Wolf King, they must be planning something."


 For a moment, everyone’s gaze landed on Fang Yuan, waiting for the Wolf King’s response.



***
Chapter 509: A wave of his hand


***





 Chapter 509: A wave of his hand


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The two armies were poised for battle. Hei tribe had been about to send Pan Ping to challenge, but Dong Fang Yu Liang was the first to send Tang Miao Ming.


 Tang Miao Ming was Tang tribe’s specially cultivated enslavement path female Gu Master with rank four middle stage cultivation. She liked foxes and had exquisite control over them, but she did not have any notable achievements in history.


 However, Dong Fang Yu Liang specially sent her to directly challenge Wolf King, so it was clear he had a specific plan against Fang Yuan and Tang Miao Ming was one part of it.


 Wisdom path Gu Masters were like this with plans within plans. The people fighting against wisdom path Gu Masters would not sense it at the start, but by the time they realised it, they would be deep under already.


 Tang Miao Ming’s public challenge attracted everyone’s gazes towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was at leisure as he drank wine and slowly placed down the wine cup, then looked at Hei Lou Lan: "Alliance leader, then should I take the challenge?"


 Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily, pleased at Fang Yuan asking him before the battle: "Let these experts look at brother Shan Yin’s might and be awed!"


 Fang Yuan slowly stood up and used a Gu worm to transmit his voice outside: "Little girl, your bravery in challenging me deserves praises, but you are not my match. Moreover... it is getting late."


 In front of the formation, Tang Miao Ming clenched her hands which were soaked with sweat. Her lovely body shuddered at Fang Yuan’s words, and her thoughts began to unfold at a rapid speed: ’Wolf King replied! He is truly arrogant, just like alliance leader Dong Fang expected. Now I should act according to his plan and use words to force him to battle with only a hundred beast group against my similar-sized fox group . But... what is the meaning of his last sentence?’


 Dong Fang Yu Liang who was sitting in the main tent had been observing the situation.


 Tang Miao Ming was an enslavement path expert he accidentally discovered not long ago. After Dong Fang Yu Liang learned the details, he found that Tang Miao Ming was very good at fighting with small scale fox groups. Her skill at this aspect was quite deep, and adding in her set of supporting Gu worms, she could even match an enslavement path master!


 Dong Fang Yu Liang immediately thought of using Tang Miao Ming to openly scheme against Wolf King Chang Shan Yin.


 The Wolf King’s prestige was deeply set in people’s hearts. If he was beaten under everyone’s gaze, it would definitely greatly raise their morale.


 What was even more matching was that Wolf King Chang Shan Yin was very arrogant; Tang Miao Ming was his junior and a female. As long as she was putting herself in a lower position, even Chang Shan Yin would also find it embarrassing to bully a junior in front of everyone.


 ’Chang Shan Yin, you are really as arrogant as the rumors say. Hehehe, as long as you come out to fight, Tang Miao Ming will definitely give you a great surprise.’


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was inwardly excited but also had a doubt: "It is getting late? What is he talking about?"


 Not only Dong Fang Yu Liang, but others also had doubts.


 But Fang Yuan’s next sentence immediately answered their doubts: "It is getting late, quickly start the battle. I still need to eat my lunch after it. Come, those who want to challenge me, all of you come out!"


 After he finished speaking, he stood and then waved his hand from the main tent.


 Howl—!


 Five hundred thousand wolves howled together.


 The explosive wolf howls resounded through the skies. Their vigor was so majestic that even the wind stopped for a moment and all the experts shocked.


 "Brother Shan Yin, what are you..." Hei Lou Lan’s hand slipped and the fine wine in his cup spilled down on his robe.


 "Could it be, the Wolf King is thinking...?!" Dong Fang Yu Liang’s pupils shrunk, his expression paling.


 Following, five hundred thousand wolf group rushed forward like a majestic tide towards the opposite army.


 "My... my god!"


 "Wolf tide, this is a wolf tide..."


 "Chang Shan Yin, he is making a direct attack, he has sent all his wolves!"


 Dong Fang alliance army was in a chaos, the enormous momentum from the wolf group shook them. Many people screamed in fear, and countless defensive Gu worms were activated.


 For a moment, countless light barriers with all kinds of color shone among Dong Fang alliance army. Some just shielded one person while some shielded a large patch of land. Some formed into armors while some caused the earth to bulge and form into earth walls.


 Tang Miao Ming’s face was as pale as paper!


 She was standing between the two armies, and with the wolf group rushing forward, she would be the first they would charge into.


 Facing the endless wolf tide, she felt like she was a small wooden boat in a vast sea about to be swallowed by a shocking tide.


 "Damn it, the Wolf King is not abiding by the rules! I came forward to challenge him and only brought a thousand beast group!!" Tang Miao Ming was shocked and also furious.


 Normally speaking, before a battle began, there would be a battle between experts in between the armies.


 This was an old practice in northern plains.


 In the battle between Gu Master experts, not only would the winner’s side’s morale greatly increase, they could also understand the strength of the other side and be more prepared later. At the same time, this expert challenge could also build friendship. Once the battle ended, the losing side’s Gu Masters would have a way out when they surrendered.


 The challenge between experts?!


 The moment Fang Yuan raised his hand, he used all his wolf groups and directly cut apart the round of expert challenging.


 Wolf King, do you know the rules!?


 For a moment, countless people from both sides roared and questioned in their mind.


 The two armies were not too far apart; the wolf group’s rush was quick and soon crossed this distance and unfolded an intense battle against Dong Fang army.


 "Attack, don’t be in a daze, the wolf group has attacked!"


 "Kill, slaughter these damned wolves!!"


 "Brothers, move together, fight alongside each other!"


 A clamor erupted within Dong Fang army. All kinds of colorful lights, rolling stones, golden lights, wooden spikes, water steam, wind blades and so on landed among the wolf group, causing enormous casualties in Fang Yuan’s wolf group instantly.


 Hei tribe army was still standing on their spot, looking dumbfoundedly at the frenzied battle situation in the other side.


 "Brother Shan Yin!" Hei Lou Lan stared with wide eyes at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled at fatty Hei: "Dong Fang Yu Liang is a rank five wisdom path Gu Master. Since he initiated the expert challenge, he must definitely have had gathered a lot of intel to help him in making deductions. And it was the talented alliance leader who directly told me to make my move."


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes widened even more.


 He had commanded Fang Yuan to make a move, but it was not to make such a big move! Clearly, Fang Yuan had intentionally distorted his intention, but he could not bicker with Fang Yuan at this critical juncture.


 "Move! All army charge, attack, attack!!" Hei Lou Lan swallowed his resentment and turned around towards the front, fiercely waving his hand and giving his command.


 "Orders from alliance leader, all army charge!"


 "Orders from alliance leader, all army charge!"


 The command was conveyed from top to bottom. The great army began to move slowly; hundreds of thousands of soldiers followed the wolf group in charging towards the other side.


 Tang Miao Ming manipulated her fox group, changing the formation again and again to firmly protect herself.


 She was worthy of being the person Dong Fang Yu Liang had chosen. Under the charge of the wolf tide, with just a thousand beast group, she continuously changed the formation to keep on resisting the charge.


 Her fox group surrounded her, forming a round formation. The formation kept on rotating with a natural flow to it, like a millstone or a reef. The incoming wolf group was like a tide, attacking wave after wave, but it could not break through the round formation of the fox group.


 However, Tang Miao Ming did not have the least bit of joy on her face; she was even shouting madly in her mind —


 ’This damned Wolf King is simply a lunatic!’


 ’Damn it, I might be able to hold on for now, but with this, I cannot move a single step.’


 ’Someone save me, save me... eh!’


 Suddenly, Tang Miao Ming’s body stiffened; her complexion went completely white, her eyes showing fear and despair.


 In front of her, the Hei tribe army was gradually starting to move before her, quickly increasing their speed. Under the cover of the wolf group, they showed an earth-shattering influence and power of violence!


 Tang Miao Ming momentarily lost her senses and the round formation of the fox group immediately collapsed.


 The two-headed rhinoceros came rushing over with explosive sounds; as Hei Lou Lan looked on from above, his heart received a slight jolt at Tang Miao Ming’s beauty.


 "Who will capture this woman for me?" He had just spoken when Pan Ping shot out.


 Pan Ping made a few jumps and fiercely charged to Tang Miao Ming’s side, moving rapidly; in a short few moments, he smoothly captured Tang Miao Ming.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded with satisfaction at this scene, then turned his gaze towards the front.


 "Dong Fang lad..." He gave a malevolent smile, his eyes burning with the flame of revenge.


 After a short time, the two armies officially started the battle. A large chaotic battle had begun.


 With Fang Yuan’s one move, this great battle that had just started had entered its climax.


 "Beast!"


 Facing the incoming night wolves, Tang Fang furiously shouted and poured his primeval essence into fire pellet Gu.


 Whoosh!


 A fist-sized fireball shot forward, bringing a gale with it.


 This orange pellet fire struck the night wolf.


 The night wolf whimpered and rolled around the ground, but its whole body burned with the fire before shortly dying.


 "Kill!" Tang Fang breathed roughly and was about to charge forward when he was blocked by a Tang tribe elder.


 "Third young master, don’t rush ahead, the tribe leader has commanded you to return back quickly!"


 "But big sister has been captured!" Tang Fang stared wide, he did not want to turn back. His big sister was Tang Miao Ming.


 "Third young master, rushing forward like this will only lead to your death!" The elder hastily persuaded.


 "Damn it!" Tang Fang gnashed his teeth and clenched his fists, feeling his powerlessness.


 He was Tang tribe’s genius, and he was only twenty two but had already reached rank three. Yet this rank three battle strength that could have controlled the situation in the past was now so minute in this great battle.


 The rank three battle strength that was normally hard to be seen were all present in this battlefield.


 Rank three Gu Masters were reduced to mid level strength; above them were those rank four Gu Master experts and even more higher were the rank five experts.


 "Big sister, wait for me, I will definitely rescue you." Tang Fang calmed down and swore in his mind as he retreated.


 "Hmph, leaving whenever you want? Leave behind your life!" Right at this time, a rank three Gu Master of Wang tribe rushed over.


 "It is Wang Jiang! Third young master, leave quickly, I will hold him back." The Tang tribe elder instantly recognized the enemy.


 Wang Jiang’s fiance Luo Yu Feng had been snatched by Tang tribe, so he had deep hatred towards them. And now in this large battle, he naturally would not let this chance for revenge go.


 Such situations were not few.


 In this world, people would have gratitude, grudges and hatred.


 Now, those with grudges could let out their grudges and those with hatred could repay their hatred!



***
Chapter 510: Great Battle


***





 Chapter 510: Great Battle


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Tang tribe! The humiliation back then, I will repay it double today!!" Wang Jiang had a malevolent expression on his face as he gave a deep shout, his whole body inflated like a black bear as he violently smashed towards Tang Fang.


 Tang Fang was startled and furious at Wang Jiang’s fierce momentum, and had the intention to battle with his life.


 Pellet fire Gu!


 He pushed his right palm and an orange fire shot towards Wang Jiang.


 The fire made an arc in the air, quickly approaching Wang Jiang’s face. Wang Jiang felt the burning heat before the fire even struck him.


 But he just laughed nastily and actually opened his mouth, without any intent to dodge.


 Gulp!


 He swallowed the pellet fire!


 "This is rank four swallow fire Gu!" Tang Fang was shocked.


 Swallow fire Gu was not an offensive Gu but a storage Gu. But using Gu always relied on a Gu Master’s wits. Who was to say storage Gu could not be used for battle?


 Tang tribe always prioritized fire path Gu worms. Wang Jiang spent a huge price to purchase a rank four swallow fire Gu, so he could use it against Tang tribe sometime in the future.


 "Wang Jiang, we will help you." At this time, two Gu Masters rushed over, both with rank three cultivation.


 Tang Fang and the Tang tribe elder’s expression turned pale. The swallow fire Gu could already restrict them, now the other side had three people, occupying a huge advantage.


 "Third young master, leave quickly, I will hold them back!" The Tang tribe elder saw the critical situation and stood up to fight to give Tang Fang an opportunity to escape.


 Tang Fang was not a conceited man, he gnashed his teeth and turned around to leave: "Elder hold on, I will quickly come back with reinforcements!"


 "Chase!" Wang Jiang and the two others naturally were not willing to let Tang Fang escape safely, but who could have thought the Tang tribe elder that remained was a defensive Gu Master and moreover had a rank three rare Gu ’slow steps’.


 As this Gu’s name implied, it could slow down Gu Masters’ speed for a period of time.


 Wang Jiang and the two others were slowed down and could only give up on Tang Fang, then with a belly filled with anger, attacked the Tang tribe elder.


 The Tang tribe elder could not fend off against the numbers although he had slow steps Gu. First, he was struck by Wang Jiang’s punch, then his arm was severed by wind blade. Finally, a snowball turned him into an ice sculpture, killing him.


 "Elder!!" Tang Fang watched with tearful red eyes; when he came back with reinforcements, he could only collect the corpse of this elder.


 The flames of hatred raged in his heart, but he could not find his enemies.


 The battlefield was in chaos. Large numbers of wolves rushed forward and created a havor. Besides them, there were fox groups, war crabs, bats and other beasts. Metal, wood, water, fire, earth, wind, lightning, light, darkness... All kinds of attacks streaked through the sky and landed on the ground; rocks were smashed, flames ablazed, ice spread, lightning dazzled the eyes...


 Gu Masters shouted and screamed; some attacked while some retreated; some were rushing to reinforce while some were defending.


 A great chaotic battle between hundreds of thousands of people was enough to fill a range of thousands of miles.


 Rumble...


 Suddenly, an enormous blue wave with the momentum of covering the sky, descended like an evil flood dragon.


 Large numbers of wolves and Gu Masters were swept by the enormous wave.


 This part of the battlefield was instantly cleared up, several large puddles forming in this cleared grassland. A Gu Master arrogantly stood in this center of the battlefield while laughing wildly.


 "It is Water Demon Hao Ji Liu!" Tang Fang’s pupils shrunk as he recognized this man.


 "Retreat, this person is a rank four upper stage expert, he is a demon." Many surviving rank three Gu Masters wisely chose to retreat.


 Water Demon’s fierce gaze swept through the battlefield and landed on Tang Fang’s side who had the highest numbers.


 These rank three Gu Masters were moving battle merits to Water Demon, representing a bountiful reward after the war.


 Water Demon licked his dried lips with his scarlet tongue, a bloodthirsty killing intent filling his face.


 "Consider it your bad luck to have ran into me!" Water Demon laughed loudly as he fiercely pushed forward his two palms.


 Rank four waterfall Gu!


 BOOM!


 In an instant, an enormous torrent bubbled and charged towards Tang Fang and his group with an immense momentum.


 Facing such a majestic attack, Tang Fang felt he was like a single person facing a tsunami, feeling he was facing a great catastrophe alone.


 "Third young master, we will hold it back, retreat quickly!" Several elders who had been accompanying Tang Fang, gnashed their teeth and stood in front of Tang Fang.


 They combined their strength and were finally able to hold back this waterfall.


 "Leave!!!" The elders’ urging caused Tang Fang to feel stifled.


 "Hold on, I will get father to come rescue you!" He gnashed his teeth and finally chose to leave.


 Gagaga...


 Water Demon laughed wildly and engaged in the battle with the several Tang tribe elders. His offense surged forward, his water abilities charged forward with huge momentum as he used his power to overwhelm the elders, and although the Tang tribe elders had many people, they were falling into a disadvantage and it was becoming difficult for them to hold back Water Demon.


 After several moves, an elder lost his life at Water Demon’s hands.


 After dozen or so moves, only one elder remained, with the rest dead.


 Water Demon laughed sinisterly and was just about to make the final move when suddenly a cold killing intent pounced on him.


 His plentiful battle experience had given Hao Ji Liu an intuitive feeling towards danger. He did not even look and immediately retreated backwards, giving up the battle contribution that was within his reach without any hesitation.


 Whoosh!


 A soft ripping sound echoed and right at the instant of his retreat, a four-leaf wind blade crossed through the air and brushed past him.


 The wind blade kept on rotating, making a long arc through the battlefield, everything that it passed through, whether it were humans or beasts, were cut through; blood flew and limbs scattered.


 The light green wind blade spiralled a long arc in the air before flying back to its master.


 "It is you? Wind Demon Tan Wu Feng!" The sinister smile on Water Demon gradually disappeared and a solemn look appeared in his eyes.


 Tan Wu Feng and him were called wind and water demons, both having rank four upper stage cultivation.


 Previously, Water Demon rampaged in the eastern areas of Northern Plains while Wind Demon wreaked havoc in the western areas, their fame echoing with each other. But later, Dong Fang Yu Liang devised three escapements scheme to subdue Wind Demon. Tan Wu Feng became Dong Fang Yu Liang’s subordinate and sided with Dong Fang tribe.


 "Water Demon, your laughter is too ear-piercing. Lord has ordered me to bring an end to your life." Wind Demon Tan Wu Feng was clothed in green clothes, hovering in midair, grasping the wind blade that had returned.


 The wind blade only had three sides remaining from the consumption in the way, but with Wind Demon pouring in primeval essence again, it gradually began to recover back to the previous four-leaf wind blade.


 Normally speaking, wind blades could not be retrieved once they were sent. Wind Demon played with the wind blade like some toy, he clearly had extraordinary wind manipulation skill.


 "Hmph, it seems you have been taught pretty well by your master over these years, seeing nothing worthwhile around you." Water Demon laughed sinisterly, gazing at Wind Demon like a falcon.


 Wind Demon’s expression suddenly turned gloomy. He swung his palm and shot out the four-leaf wind blade, and at the same time, he also charged towards Water Demon.


 "Come!" Water Demon was at ease, a huge wave rising from below his feet. He stepped on the wave and charged towards Wind Demon.


 BOOM!


 A huge explosion echoed, wind screamed madly and water wave surged high, unfolding an intense battle of rank four level experts.


 Surrounding Gu Masters hurriedly retreated and soon a special battlefield was formed for the battle of wind and water demons.


 As time passed by, not only these two, other rank four Gu Master experts also found their opponents.


 Dozen or so battle rings emerged one after another in the chaotic battlefield. These battle rings were not set in place, but instead moved with the battle between the experts.


 With the battle of higher level forces, the whole battlefield began to become clear.


 First of all was the large battle rings for the fight of the rank four experts. Surrounding these large battle rings were small scale battle rings where rank three Gu Masters fought. And beyond that were the fights between groups of rank two and rank one Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan took this chance to assemble his wolf group.


 The two armies faced off against each other, creating a deadlock.


 Usually, the side which broke through this balance would obtain the initiative which would accumulate into advantage. After their dominance was accumulated enough, it would change into victory momentum.


 Both Hei Lou Lan and Dong Fang Yu Liang knew this.


 Thus, their gaze landed on their elite troop.


 These elite troops that were either made of three-four hundred soldiers, or five-six hundred, had received strict training to deploy their Gu worm together and create a formidable attack in an instant. They were the weapons to rampage the battlefield, the trump cards of their commander.


 Not every tribe had the ability to form elite troops.


 Hei Lou Lan’s side had five divisions of elite troops while Dong Fang Yu Liang had six.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang first deployed hundred blossoms elite troop.


 This was Hua tribe’s elite troop who were quite weak at attacking and defending, but were specialized at healing.


 With this division of elite troop moving out, they immediately healed large groups of wounded and stabilized the situation, providing a great assistance to Dong Fang side’s base level Gu Masters.


 Hei Lou Lan looked at this scene from the main tent and snorted, commanding blue butterfly elite troop to attack hundred blossoms elite troop.


 The blue butterfly elite troop that contained five hundred soldiers who detoured the rank four Gu Masters battle rings and easily pierced through the battlefield, charging towards hundred blossoms elite troop.


 Just when it looked like they were about to succeed, three elite troops charged in separately from east, south and west, surrounding the blue butterfly elite troop.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang had already planned for this and sent hundred blossoms elite troop as the bait while making these three elite troops lie in ambush.


 Hei Lou Lan naturally was not willing to see the annihilation of blue butterfly elite troop, immediately sending other elite troop divisions as reinforcements.


 Each elite troops of the two sides quickly converged and formed into several lines of encirclement; the situation once again entered a deadlock.


 "Lord tribe leader, let me go forward and crush them!" Dong Fang She could not restrain anymore as he requested to be sent to battle.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang slowly shook his head and did not permit him.


 Dong Fang She was Dong Fang tribe’s feather arrow elite troop’s commander with rank four upper stage cultivation.


 But as long as Hei tribe’s black banner elite troop did not move, this flower feather elite troop could not be sent out.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang slowly swept his gaze through the battlefield and placated Dong Fang She: "Elder She does not need to be impatient, this is not the time for you to take the stage. The current situation is already within my expectations."


 Saying so, he calmly smiled and turned towards the three enslavement path Gu Masters: "It is time for you to show your strength."


 These three were precisely E Xuan Ming, Wei Xin, and Jiang Wan Shan.



***
Chapter 511: Dark Vortex and Cloud Whirlpool


***





 Chapter 511: Dark Vortex and Cloud Whirlpool


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 At Dong Fang Yu Liang’s words, E Xuan Ming, Jiang Wan Shan and Wan Xin glanced at each other before nodding and activating their Gu.


 Rank three, djinn heart Gu, to enhance the spirit.


 Rank two, heart sound Gu, to strengthen the voice of one’s heart.


 Rank two, harmony Gu, the harmonization of one’s heart and voice.


 Rank three, flying soul Gu, the soul can leave the body.


 Rank three, soul chain Gu, souls can be interlinked.


 Rank four, soul combination Gu, three souls can be linked and fused as one.


 Killer move — Three Hearts Combination Soul!


 BOOM...


 A soundless explosion burst out, as the three Gu Masters’ souls flew out of their bodies and merged together into a complete entity in the air.


 For a moment, in the radius of two hundred li, all Gu Masters with at least five hundred man soul could feel a strong pressure spreading and weighing down on their souls.


 The Gu Masters with less than five hundred man soul, however, could not sense anything.


 "This pressure... it is already at the level of one thousand four hundred man soul, as expected of three hearts combination soul!" Fang Yuan immediately reacted and gazed towards Dong Fang tribe’s main tent.


 He had a thousand man soul originally, but there was injuries from the soul explosion though he was able to escape from most of its force. His soul strength had fell to eight hundred man soul and after these days of recuperation, it had recovered to nine hundred man soul level.


 Nine hundred man soul naturally was not able to match against the other side’s one thousand four hundred man soul.


 "Unfortunately, there are many eyes within the alliance army, I cannot get rid of them, otherwise I would have gone to Dang Hun mountain and used guts Gu to easily heal all the injuries on my soul."


 Fang Yuan inwardly sighed while mobilizing the wolf group.


 Large numbers of night wolves, water wolves, wind wolves and turtleback wolves formed into a enormous force that charged towards the enemy army like a raging river.


 "Wolf King, let us experience your brilliance today!" Wan Xin, E Xuan Ming and Jiang Wan Shan simultaneous spoke. Because their souls were temporarily merged together, their every movement was done simultaneously and was completely in sync.


 Under their command, large numbers steel pincers crabs, crystal drilling crabs and big qi crabs flocked together, forming into a firm defensive line within several breaths of time.


 The wolf group fiercely smashed into this defensive line, like a flood striking the dam.


 Sharp wolf fangs and claws collided intensely against the firm crab shells.


 Fang Yuan snorted and gazed afar while standing on the twin-headed rhino. Under his exquisite control, the whole wolf group formed into waves after waves of offense; the defensive formation formed by the crabs soon was on the verge of collapsing.


 "This is... the nine layered wave charge! Quick, reinforce me, my crab group won’t be able to persist longer." Wan Xin had just thought of this when the other two felt it.


 Under the effect of three hearts combination soul, they were just like one person, any thought would be immediately known by the others.


 "No need to worry, my crocodile group is coming." E Xuan Ming’s expression was unshaken as an excited battle intent emerged in his concentrated gaze.


 ’The enemy is the famous Wolf King, being able to fight with such an existence, this life was really not in vain!’


 Under his control, large numbers of six legs crocodile, lava crocodiles, rock crocodiles and shadow plunder crocodiles soon rushed to the frontline.


 After the addition of these new forces, the defensive line that was on the brink of collapsing showed a sign of being indestructible.


 "Whether it be crabs or crocodiles, they are both beasts excelling in defense. At the same time, under the three hearts combination soul, they are like three people merged together, increasing their beast commanding skills greatly, directly reaching master level."


 Fang Yuan squinted his eyes, there was no signs of irritation due to not getting any results.


 Suddenly, he stopped the fierce attacks and wisely chose to slow down the offense.


 He was not wholeheartedly controlling the beast group, instead he divided half of his concentration to observe the battlefield.


 His enemies were not these three people, neither Jiang, Wei nor E. As a person of importance who could influence the whole battlefield, he was extremely likely to encounter another assassination attempt from shadow sword expert Bian Si Xuan.


 Since the battle started, shadow sword expert was nowhere to be seen and was likely observing Fang Yuan from the darkness, looking for a good opportunity to kill him.


 It was only that beside Fang Yuan was the rank five Gu Master Hei Lou Lan. Maybe because of this, shadow sword expert had not revealed herself.


 Right at this time, a large group of blood colored bats emerged above the wolf group.


 These bats possessed four wings; the wings were sharp and firm like knives. Under the attack of the bat group, large numbers of casualties started appearing among the wolf group.


 The crocodile and crab groups took this chance to attack pushing forward their battleline by a hundred steps.


 "Sure enough, it is Jiang Wan Shan’s bladewing blood bats group." Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed, he was not a bit surprised.


 With the intel from Hei tribe, he had a rather good understanding of the enemy Gu Master experts. Dong Fang Yu Liang did not have any enslavement path masters under him, so Fang Yuan had guessed Dong Fang Yu Liang would use three hearts combination soul to deal with him.


 And the candidates to use this killer move were extremely likely to be the strongest three enslavement path Gu Masters.


 Now, under Fang Yuan’s probe, these three were sure enough Jiang Wan Shan, Wan Xin and E Xuan Ming.


 Bladewing blood bats’ offense were extremely violent, changing the direction of this part of the battlefield the moment they joined the fray.


 The wolf group that had been occupying the upper hand was being defeated bit by bit, while crocodile group and crab group seized the chance to attack. Mud crabs, small qi crabs, big qi crabs, steel pincers crabs, crystal drilling crabs, six legs crocodiles, lava crocodiles, rock crocodiles and shadow plunder crocodiles formed into a large mixed army that stretched out like an opened steel fist, defeating the wolves in its way and charging straight towards Hei tribe’s main tent.


 According to logic, enslavement path Gu Masters would find it hard-pressed to cooperate with each other. A mixed beast group would usually impede each other, making one plus one less than two.


 But Wei, Jiang and E, these three merged their souls with three hearts combination soul and were like one person, forming a qualitative effect of having one plus one greater than two.


 "Brother Shan Yin." Facing the mixed beast group’s strong charge, Hei Lou Lan could not help feeling some pressure and his expression turned dark.


 If they let this group of beasts charge over, he would have to use black banner elite troop earlier than scheduled. But if he did so, they would not be able to contain Dong Fang Yu Liang’s feather arrow elite troop.


 The scales of victory was slowly inclining towards the other side.


 Fang Yuan said to Hei Lou Lan in a low voice: "The other has bladewing blood bats group which has very sharp offensive power, and my wolf group is unable to do aerial attacks. More importantly, the other side has used three hearts combination soul to achieve thousand man soul and are able to lead this mixed beast group as if they were one person. If we can break through this killer move, the mixed group will disperse without even putting up any fight."


 Hei Lou Lan frowned deeply, an ominous glint flashing rapidly in his eyes as he made a decision.


 "Brother Shan Yin, concentrate on the battle, I will resolve this quickly!"


 He suddenly extended his arm that was the size of an ordinary person’s thigh, his right palm formed a claw while his palm faced upward. Rank five aura rose fiercely while the primeval essence in his aperture fell rapidly, pouring into four different Gu.


 "Dong Fang tribe has three hearts combination soul, while my Hei tribe has dark vortex!" Hei Lou Lan smiled sinisterly, an intense killing intent raging in his heart.


 Whoosh...


 A pitch black stream rose in the air and rotated once before flowing towards Hei Lou Lan’s palm.


 Following, the second stream, third stream, fourth stream...


 In a blink of an eye, large numbers of dark streams were created one after another and converged in Hei Lou Lan’s right claw.


 Whoosh Whoosh Whoosh....


 Countless dark streams rose and merged with each other, creating a wild gale.


 These finger sized dark streams pressed at each other and formed a dark speck of light.


 As large numbers of dark streams continued to pour into it, the dark speck of light gradually inflated, forming a fist sized dark sphere.


 The dark sphere seemed to have immeasurable depth in it as if the night was condensed into it, even absorbing the light around it, causing a terrified feeling to grow in people.


 Hei Lou Lan, however, revealed an extremely excitement and a mad killing intent when he looked at this dark sphere.


 "Dong Fang lad! Take this!!" Hei Lou Lan suddenly shouted and disappeared from his place.


 The next moment, he appeared above the enemy main tent.


 "Go and die!" Hei Lou Lan let out a crazed laughter and flipped over his wrist; as if he was holding a thousand jun of weight, he exerted all his strength to slowly push the dark sphere towards Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 Following his movement, that small dark sphere madly expanded and in several breaths of time, had expanded to size of a small hill.


 The pitch black giant sphere pressed down with a seemingly slow speed but was actually very fast. It covered the light of the sun and casted a giant darkness on the ground.


 Before the giant sphere even struck, all the Gu Master experts in the main tent felt terror like they were facing a calamity.


 They looked at the pressing giant sphere, and felt heaviness as if lead was poured into their body. They wanted to retreat but were barely able to move!


 "Damn it, it is Hei tribe’s killer move dark vortex!"


 "Retreat, retreat!!"


 Gu Masters exclaimed in shock, not having even a trace of intent to resist. Wei Xin and the other two had a despairing look on their face. They were under three hearts combination soul state, and would require at least two-three minutes to get rid of this killer move.


 The corners of Dong Fang Yu Liang’s lips, however, curled up.


 He looked towards the sky, the dark sphere growing bigger and bigger in his sight, but his expression was a scene of calmness: "Sure enough like I expected, Hei Lou Lan, I have been waiting so long for your move."


 He slightly raised his right foot and lightly pressed on the white cloud below his feet.


 The originally tranquil white cloud crazily surged as clouds and mists burst out in blink of an eye like boiling water, and formed into an enormous whirlpool.


 The whirlpool slowly rose up like a giant opened mouth and swallowed the dark sphere.


 "This is?!" Hei Lou Lan was shocked and furious. At this moment, he realized he had fallen for Dong Fang Yu Liang’s scheme.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang had meticulously arranged this trap, waiting for Hei Lou Lan to come crashing in.


 "Let me teach you, this is the killer move I spent three years of my life to plan meticulously, cloud whirlpool, it was specially created to deal with your dark vortex. Hei Lou Lan, you have lost just like many years back." Dong Fang Yu Liang proclaimed his victory.


 "Damn it..." Hei Lou Lan gnashed his teeth, his forehead filled with sweat. He wanted to pull back but the cloud whirlpool was firmly sucking in his dark vortex.


 The smile on Dong Fang Yu Liang’s lips became even bigger as he summoned: "Dong Po Kong, Bian Si Xuan."


 His voice was not loud, but under the effect of Gu worm, it could be clearly heard by everyone.


 Hearing his command, the shadow sword expert who had been concealing herself for a long time, turned into a dark shadow, and moved while wriggling in the shadows on the ground; in a blink of an eye, she was in front of the twin-headed rhino.


 And at the same time, a flash of lightning broke through the air and crossed the battlefield, instantly arriving in front of the twin-headed rhino.


 The lightning dispersed and turned into a valiant man, who then pounced towards Fang Yuan.


 Flying Lightning Dong Po Kong, Shadow Sword Expert Bian Si Xuan!


 In an instant, both Hei Lou Lan and Fang Yuan had fallen into danger!



***
Chapter 512: Reliable Alliance Mate


***





 Chapter 512: Reliable Alliance Mate


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Dong Fang Yu Liang lived up to his name as the wisdom path Gu Master, accurately calculating Hei Lou Lan’s reaction.


 Three hearts combination soul killer move was only bait to lure Hei Lou Lan into attacking. Then, Dong Fang Yu Liang was able to leisurely unfold his trump card - a killer move that was specially designed to restrict dark vortex and trap Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan had been at the main tent but now he was trapped; the defense around Fang Yuan had suddenly decreased by a very large amount.


 Taking this chance, Shadow Sword Expert Bian Si Xuan appeared and charged into the main tent to once again assassinate Fang Yuan.


 As long as Fang Yuan died, the wolf group would immediately disperse and the scales of victory would greatly incline towards Dong Fang alliance army.


 To make sure this beheading the leader tactic succeeded, Dong Fang Yu Liang had not only arranged Shadow Sword Expert, but also an even stronger Gu Master.


 He was Dong Po Kuang known as ’Flying Lightning’! One of the few flying masters of northern plains, a lightning path Gu Master with rank four upper stage cultivation. He had not made a move even in the chaotic battle earlier, patiently waiting till now to shock the world with one move!


 "Protect Wolf King!"


 "Sneaky bastards, don’t think you can have your way!!"


 "Wolf King, leave quickly!"


 Six rank three Gu Masters around the main tent jumped up one after another, trying to hold off Dong Po Kuang and Bian Si Xuan.


 "Scram!!" Dong Po Kuang coldly shouted, lightning suddenly crackling around him.


 The three Gu Masters who were blocking him were struck by the lightning; their defensive Gu worms were instantly destroyed, two instantly died while one was heavily injured.


 "Hehehe." Bian Si Xuan chuckled softly, her body turned into a shadow and quickly moved like a poisonous snake through the Gu Masters blocking her, and moved past them.


 "What?"


 "Such speed..."


 "Is this Shadow Sword Expert’s true strength?"


 The three Gu Masters were shocked, they gazed back only to see Bian Si Xuan’s seductive back figure.


 They wanted to chase, but found they could not move at all. Their hands and feet were tied up by a dark shadow, firmly binding them to the spot.


 Facing the above and under pincer attack from Dong Po Kuang and Shadow Sword Expert, Fang Yuan paled, his gaze revealing a frantic look as he retreated in panic and shouted: "Quick, someone come protect me!"


 "Wolf King, no need to worry, Hei Xiu Yi will guard you." One person stood behind Fang Yuan, clothed in black and had unshaken expression. He walked forward few steps and stood in front of Fang Yuan.


 "Courting death!" Dong Po Kuang shouted, the lightning over his body crackled violently and turned into a battle spear which he then stabbed towards Hei Xiu Yi.


 Bian Si Xuan snorted and flicked her wrist lightly, immediately throwing out a torrent of shadow swords.


 Hei Xiu Yi’s expression did not change at this combined attack from two experts. He put together his palms in front of his chest and transferred his primeval essence.


 BOOM!


 Next instant, his defense was fully activated.


 Fifty-six flying bone shields flew together and blocked in front of him.


 A green halo flew above his head and illuminated a range of a hundred steps.


 Black iron-like metallic light formed a set of thick armor which then covered him from top to bottom.


 Nine ghost faces whimpered and wept as they revolved around him.


 At the same time, a dark brown oil wind breezed in between the flying bone shields.


 Dong Po Kuang’s lightning spear pierced through seven flying shields and made a hole through the dark-brown oil wind, but was blocked by the black armor.


 Bian Si Xuan’s shadow swords bombarded upon the shields, shattering eighteen shields but were thwarted by the oil wind; the shadow swords seemed to have fallen into a swamp as their momentum dispersed and were no longer a threat.


 Hei Xiu Yi was Hei Lou Lan’s expert and also one of the three commanders of black banner elite troop, an expert in defense.


 Facing the defense specialized Hei Xiu Yi, Dong Po Kuang and Bian Si Xuan were actually delayed for a while, unable to break through.


 Hei Xiu Yi had suffered a terrible defeat during the battle with Mo Shi Kuang; it did not mean he was weak but the enemy was too strong, a top expert in the whole of northern plains in this struggle for Imperial Court.


 Now, facing the combined strength of Flying Lightning and Shadow Sword Expert, Hei Xiu Yi shielded here and there, firmly protecting Fang Yuan who was behind him for dozen moves.


 His Gu set had complementing Gu worms focused on defense and had been carefully chosen.


 Dong Po Kuang and Bian Si Xuan tried to break through multiple times, but it was all a failure.


 The aftermath of this battle caused severe pain to the twin-headed rhino. The giant rhinoceros screamed in pain and stamped its feet, recklessly charging in the battlefield without considering allies or enemies.


 Hei Xiu Yi’s expression turned heavier.


 His primeval essence was quickly depleting because of this intense battle, already reaching the bottom. While the other side had two people and their primeval essence consumption was half that of Hei Xiu Yi.


 Hei Xiu Yi was now confronted with a difficult choice.


 The first choice was to continue to defend to death without caring about his primeval essence expenditure and hoping Hei Lou Lan or others would come in time to support him. But now the twin-headed rhino was crazily rampaging and had already travelled far away; how high was the possibility for the reinforcements to cross the battlefield and arrive in time?


 Second option was to conserve his primeval essence. But with this, his defense would fall and the chance for the enemies to breakthrough would increase dramatically. In case, they were able to move past him, Fang Yuan who was behind him would be in grave danger.


 ’What should I choose?’


 A hesitating look flashed in Hei Xiu Yi’s eyes, but was soon replaced by resolve.


 He began to slowly cut down on defense and was no longer very active in facing the enemies’ attacks. Dong Po Kuang and Bian Si Xuan immediately sensed the change in Hei Xiu Yi; they attacked several times and took some risks, and were about to succeed.


 Even if Wolf King had an important identity that concerned the whole situation, even if Hei Xiu Yi was appointed by Hei Lou Lan to defend Chang Shan Yin, but at this critical juncture when he was at risk, Hei Xiu Yi was not able to give up his own life.


 "If it was Lord Hei Lou Lan behind me, I would definitely risk my life to protect him. But Chang Shan Yin is just an outsider, always acting so arrogant and looking down on me, why should I sacrifice my life for such a person? Even if Wolf King dies, we still have the black banner army and are still a match for the enemy. Yes, I need to save myself and continue to render my service to the tribe."


 Hei Xiu Yi’s thoughts surged rapidly to justify himself and gradually began to have a clear conscience.


 He was originally guarding Fang Yuan, but now was only looking after himself, thus his primeval essence consumption immediately slowed.


 "Now is the time, overlapping shadow Gu!" Suddenly, Bian Si Xuan noticed a gap in the defense, her eyes flashed with a sharp light as she grabbed this chance and activated the Gu worm Dong Fang Yu Liang had lent her.


 This overlapping shadow Gu was a rank four rare Gu which was very difficult to find in the market and its price was comparable to many rank five Gu.


 Initially, Bian Si Xuan had agreed with Dong Fang Yu Liang for this Gu to be her reward once she assassinated Fang Yuan.


 But Bian Si Xuan’s assassination failed and the brain explosion Gu she had struck with was also dealt with by Fang Yuan; with her proud nature, she would naturally not accept this overlapping shadow Gu. But before this battle, Dong Fang Yu Liang had lent her this Gu of his own initiative, just to be on the safe side.


 Overlapping shadow Gu might only be a rank four Gu to others, but to Bian Si Xuan, it could raise her battle strength explosively and was even more precious than rank five Gu to her.


 Under the use of overlapping shadow Gu, Bian Si Xuan’s multiple shadow swords overlaid upon each other and in just a second, only one sword remained of the overflowing shadow swords.


 This shadow sword was as dark as the abyss and was like a solid object; all the offensive power of the shadow swords had been overlaid together in it.


 Bian Si Xuan pierced the sword forward; the sword easily broke through Hei Xiu Yi’s defense like a knife cutting through tofu, and pierced towards Wolf King.


 The defense that had lasted for a long time was finally broken!


 Dong Po Kuang let out a breath of relief at this scene; he continued to hold back Hei Xiu Yi to provide a chance to Bian Si Xuan.


 But Hei Xiu Yi could not care about this as he already had an intent to retreat. Now that Shadow Sword Expert was charging towards Chang Shan Yin, this was the chance for him to retreat, why would he not take this chance? Thus, he quickly retreated and directly jumped off from twin-headed rhino’s back.


 Dong Po Kuang looked at Hei Xiu Yi’s fleeing figure in shock, he hesitated for a moment before thinking that it was better to quickly kill Wolf King, so he did not chase Hei Xiu Yi.


 But when he gazed back, he saw Bian Si Xuan’s shadow sword had already pierced into Chang Shan Yin’s chest.


 Bian Si Xuan pierced it so deep that only the hilt of the shadow sword remained on the outside; the sword had pierced through Fang Yuan’s chest and large part of it stuck out through his back.


 "Wolf King, remember, the one who killed you is Shadow Sword Expert Bian Si Xuan!" Bian Si Xuan’s eyes turned red, excitement filling her face.


 The famous Wolf King whose name had spread throughout the northern plains died by her hands. This glory, this brilliant battle achievement, caused her whole body to shudder in happiness.


 "It’s over!" Dong Po Kuang also raised his brows in joy.


 "Wolf King has died, my army has now the upper hand and victory is within grasp." Far away, Dong Fang Yu Liang who was observing the battle with a detective Gu, clenched his fists in excitement.


 He raised his head and smiled calmly at Hei Lou Lan who was competing with the cloud whirlpool: "Hei Lou Lan, Chang Shan Yin has been beheaded. Now stop and admit your defeat, I will give you the position of a general and also an opportunity to enter the Imperial Court."


 But what made him surprised was Hei Lou Lan not only did not fly into a rage but instead revealed a malevolent smile: "Dong Fang Yu Liang, look carefully with your dog eyes!"


 Right at this time, Bian Si Xuan and Dong Po Kuang’s shocked exclamations rose from the twin-headed rhino’s back.


 "What?" Dong Fang Yu Liang had a very bad feeling and immediately used his investigative Gu to gaze ahead.


 He saw ’Chang Shan Yin’ had already turned into a puddle of water. Several Gu worms flew out with only a water image Gu remaining in the water which was almost pierced into two by the shadow sword with only a thin layer of skin holding its body.


 This was the water image Gu of Water Demon Hao Ji Liu.


 Previously, he had used water image Gu in the heroes assembly to deceive everyone by passing it off as the genuine body, and was able to kill Fire Prodigal Chai Ming.


 Before this great battle, Fang Yuan had taken this method into consideration and made a plan with Hei Lou Lan. To prevent news from leaking out, this arrangement was only known to the three of them.


 Fang Yuan’s true body had never been in the main tent, but was instead hiding in a corner of the battlefield. With wolf care Gu, he had been observing the battlefield and commanding the wolf group to fight. The dialogues with Hei Lou Lan previously was also a facade prepared by using a series of Gu worms.


 "Damn it, this is a fake."


 "Where is the real Chang Shan Yin?"


 Bian Si Xuan and Dong Po Kuang’s expressions turned extremely unsightly; they had fought so hard for such a long time but the result was that they were tricked!



***
Chapter 513: Seven Star Light


***





 Chapter 513: Seven Star Light


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 From the back of the twin-headed rhino, Shadow Sword Expert and Flying Lightning looked around everywhere.


 In the chaotic battlefield, dozen or so rank four Gu Masters had formed their own battle rings out of which three matches were finished; Hei tribe won two while Dong Fang tribe won one.


 Several divisions of elite troops were still fighting against each other, and because of Dong Fang Yu Liang’s scheme, Hei tribe was on the losing end in this aspect.


 The battle of wolf group with crocodile, crab and bat group was also in a deadlock.


 There was no sign of Fang Yuan, no one knew where he was hiding.


 Bian Si Xuan and Dong Po Kong searched in vain, their expression turning several shades darker.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang soon accepted the fact of this failure, he smiled brightly: "This is somewhat interesting, but still within my expectations. As long as Wolf King continues to command the wolf group, his soul fluctuations will be revealed and sooner or later, we will find his position. Hei Lou Lan, your loss has only been momentarily delayed."


 "Hahaha." Hei Lou Lan threw his head back and laughed loudly, his laughter containing a disdainful intent, "Dong Fang child, you really think I was restrained by you?"


 Saying so, the skin on his whole body turned pitch dark like the night. At the same time, endless black smoke oozed out of the pores on his body.


 The black smoke surged and soon covered his whole body.


 In just moments, Hei Lou Lan turned into a human shaped black smoke with smoke rising in spirals. When looked from outside, one would only see a pair of bloodthirsty eyes.


 A very ominent feeling welled up in Dong Fang Yu Liang’s heart.


 A thought to retreat immediately crossed in his mind.


 However, although the cloud whirlpool was restricting the dark vortex and restraining Hei Lou Lan, in another aspect, was it not same as the dark vortex restricting cloud whirlpool?


 The next instant, Hei Lou Lan turned into black smoke and actually entered into the dark vortex.


 "Not good!" Dong Fang Yu Liang immediately felt his blood run cold.


 But it was already too late.


 The dark giant sphere that was as big as a small hill, was originally being slowly swallowed bit by bit by the cloud whirlpool. But suddenly, the dark vortex rapidly shrunk.


 The cloud vortex was unable to react in time and quickly contracted with the flow of the dark vortex.


 But next instant, the dark vortex suddenly expanded violently.


 "No, instead of saying expansion, it is better to call it — explosion!" Dong Fang Yu Liang was overwhelmed.


 There was no sound, it was a soundless explosion.


 The cloud whirlpool could only hold for three breaths before it was burst by the dark vortex. The dark giant sphere continually enlarged and swallowed everything, be it humans or beasts like a prehistoric giant monster.


 Only when it covered a radius of ten li, did the semi-circular dark sphere disappear.


 There was no sound wave like that of a normal explosion and also no windforce was generated. This strange tyrannical explosion had the nature of corrosion with the ability to melt everything.


 After the dark vortex disappeared, ten li of battlefield was completely cleared, with only Hei Lou Lan remaining in the air and Dong Fang Yu Liang who was in a deep crater on the ground.


 All the remaining humans or beasts within the radius of the explosion of the dark vortex were eroded into nothingness!


 Hei Lou Lan looked down at Dong Fang Yu Liang with extreme exhaustion, he was gasping for breath and his whole body was soaked in dark red blood.


 But the corners of his lips had curled up into a crazed, sinister smile.


 "Hahaha, Dong Fang Yu Liang, since you can think of this cloud whirlpool killer move to restrict dark vortex, I can also improve on my killer move! How is it, how is the taste of the banquet I prepared for you meticulously? This is a trump card which I have been concealing all along, not even letting my kin know."


 Hei Lou Lan laughed wildly, his laughter echoing throughout the whole battlefield.


 For a moment, his aura pressed down on his surroundings, even the Gu Masters in the battle could not help but gaze towards him.


 When they saw Hei Lou Lan occupying the upper hand, Hei tribe’s Gu Masters’ morale surged high while Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Masters felt a heavy pressure on their heart.


 The generals were the source of courage of the troops, the fight between Hei Lou Lan and Dong Fang Yu Liang was crucial to the soldiers, it was very important and was not only a matter that concerned an individual life or death, but would influence this great battlefield.


 "Cough cough..."


 Hei Lou Lan was laughing wildly, when suddenly he spurted out several mouthfuls of dark blood.


 Although this move was very powerful, it would also cause self-harm. It was classified as a self-harming move and no matter what the result, once it was activated, most of the Gu worms that formed the dark vortex killer move would die.


 Once Gu worms died, the Gu Masters would naturally suffer from backlash.


 But this move was already very profitable.


 In one move, Hei Lou Lan not only escaped from the trap, he was able to counter-pressure Dong Fang Yu Liang and also kill Wei Xin, Jiang Wan Shan and E Xuan Ming who were in three hearts combination soul state.


 With these three people dead, the mixed beast group immediately began to fight against each other with there being no one to guide them. Just like Fang Yuan said before, they crumbled.


 With this mixed beast group rushing everywhere and attacking recklessly, the battlefield turned even more chaotic.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang rose up slowly with a solemn expression.


 Hei Lou Lan had kept this move extremely confidential. Dong Fang Yu Liang did not even have a trace of any relevant clue, so he had not expected for the killer move to be improved with such terrifying destructive power.


 As a matter of fact, he had secretly prepared a means of escape for E Xuan Ming, Wei Xin and Jiang Wang Shan, which could directly transfer these three to the rear of the battlefield.


 However, when Hei Lou Lan was improving on his killer move, he added a space path Gu as well. Thus, when the dark vortex exploded, the surrounding space was locked and Dong Fang Yu Liang’s methods lost their effectiveness.


 "Dong Fang Yu Liang, it is still not late for you to accept your defeat. As long as you surrender, I can let bygones be bygones and forget all my past hatred, and appoint you as my first military advisor." Hei Lou Lan tried to make Dong Fang Yu Liang surrender in front of everyone.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang coldly smiled.


 Hei Lou Lan’s lustful nature was widely known and had already been coveting after his sister Dong Fang Qing Yu. Dong Fang Yu Liang might surrender to other forces, but he would never choose to pledge allegiance to Hei Lou Lan.


 "Hei Lou Lan, you are really too optimistic. Even if your side is occupying the upper hand, you are still a long way from victory. Come, let us fight. Seven Star Light!"


 Dong Fang Yu Liang softly shouted, seven lights swiftly rose up beside him.


 These seven lights had different colors, continually rotating around his body, drawing a beautiful light orbit.


 This was Dong Fang Yu Liang’s signature killer move. These seven lights had different effects and under their empowerment, Dong Fang Yu Liang activated star thought Gu.


 Whooshh...


 Countless thoughts gushed out as bright as starlight. The radiance of these star thoughts could not be covered even by the sunlight.


 A sea of star thoughts rose up to the air and within few breaths of time, Dong Fang Yu Liang had tens of thousands of star thoughts.


 In the air, starlights merged into one and formed a large patch of star cloud which surged forward with great momentum.


 "Hei Lou Lan, take this!" Dong Fang Yu Liang shouted and shot the star thoughts beside him towards Hei Lou Lan.


 Such an enormous scale of star thoughts burst through the wind with astonishing grandeur.


 "Hmph!" A trace of fear flashed past the depths of Hei Lou Lan’s pupils.


 Wisdom path Gu Masters were not defenseless people. Each Gu Master path had its own attacking methods.


 A path without any attacking methods would be eliminated and vanish in the passage of history.


 Many years ago, Hei Lou Lan and Dong Fang Yu Liang had crossed swords. At that time, just a scale of several thousand star thoughts was enough to make Hei Lou Lan suffer greatly.


 Star thoughts were very fast and would directly attack the enemy’s mind from any direction possible, and were very difficult to guard against.


 "So many star thoughts, it seems Dong Fang Yu Liang really intends to bet his life! Creating so many star thoughts without any restriction, it is already no longer as simple as injuring soul or body; no matter what the outcome of this battle is, Dong Fang Yu Liang will lose at least two years of his lifespan. My state is not good now, I had better avoid it first."


 Hei Lou Lan had thoughts of retreating when he looked at such a large scale of star thoughts.


 He disappeared from the spot, appearing thousand steps away.


 But star thoughts were as fast as lightning as they chased after Hei Lou Lan without giving up.


 Hei Lou Lan snorted, healing himself while continually dodging.


 The enormous start cloud formed from the star thoughts, continued to chase after Hei Lou Lan, devastating everything in its path.


 Some Gu Masters with weak willpower were directly struck into idiocy by the star thoughts.


 Most of the Gu Masters whose minds were struck by star thoughts, immediately felt dizzy and could not keep standing stably.


 Only few Gu Master experts with firm willpower, moved their thoughts to destroy the external star thoughts. But because of these Gu Masters resisting the star thoughts, the intense battle had slowed down.


 Rank four Gu Masters could rampage through the battlefield, but once a rank five Gu Master moved, they could influence the whole situation.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang made an all-out attack, pressing down Hei Lou Lan into disadvantage.The star cloud formed from the majestic star thoughts became the first force to dominate the battlefield.


 Although star thoughts exhausted rapidly, the star thoughts Dong Fang Yu Liang created were extremely fast.


 As time passed, the size of the star cloud did not decrease, but instead slightly increased.


 Almost everyone in the battlefield were concentrating on the star cloud. When the star cloud neared, most of the Gu Masters would choose to flee, afraid of being struck into idiocy.


 However, Dong Fang Yu Liang did not have the least bit of joy and was instead filled with worry.


 Hei Lou Lan’s movement Gu was outstanding, even star thoughts could not catch up. Dong Fang Yu Liang knew clearly there were two people who were the most significant in Hei alliance army - Hei Lou Lan and Chang Shan Yin.


 Right now, Hei Lou Lan was escaping faster than a rabbit while Chang Shan Yin was hiding somewhere, meticulously suppressing his soul and only using a portion to control the wolf group. The chance of bringing him out in the light in this chaotic battlefield was extremely minute.


 "Since it is so, I shall destroy your elite troops. I want to see if you can still keep on enduring!" A cold glint flashed in Dong Fang Yu Liang’s eyes; the star thought cloud suddenly changed direction and charged towards the battle rings of the elite troops.


 These elite troops were at least of rank two cultivation with rank three Gu Masters as their leaders.


 They had numerical advantage but could never be Dong Fang Yu Liang’s match. Under the special consideration of star thought cloud, Hei tribe’s blue butterfly elite troop immediately collapsed with countless casualties.


 "My elite troop!" At this sight, Ye tribe leader shouted in heartache.


 "Still not coming out?" Dong Fang Yu Liang slightly raised his brows and mobilized star thought cloud to attack war dog elite troop.


 War dog elite troop was immediately disrupted and the surrounding elite troops took this chance to besiege them, killing this elite troop quickly and easily.


 "My war dog elite troop!" Wang tribe leader’s body trembled in heartache. Who knew how much resources and energy Wang tribe had used to cultivate this elite troop.


 Such precious battle force was destroyed within moments.


 "Hm, still not coming out to rescue them?" Dong Fang Yu Liang’s brows furrowed deeper. Killing two elite troops one after another had caused a huge consumption in the star thoughts, if not for him continually creating new star thoughts, the star thought cloud would have already been used up.


 Despite the empowerment from seven star lights, Dong Fang Yu Liang still felt an intense weakness at this moment. Strands of white began to appear in his bluish-black hair.


 "Kill, kill, i want to see how long you can maintain this killer move." Fang Yuan who was hiding in some corner enjoying this scene through wolf care Gu while smiling coldly.


 To him, the more people that died, the more souls he would be able to collect after the battle.


 Anyway, as long as they obtained victory at the end, he still held the qualification to enter Imperial Court.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was trying to force Fang Yuan out by slaughtering the elite troops; but it will only happen in his sweet dreams.



***
Chapter 514: Wolf King’s ruthlessness


***





 Chapter 514: Wolf King’s ruthlessness


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The battle continued.


 Because of Dong Fang Yu Liang using all his strength to attack and slaughtering three elite troops one after another, Dong Fang tribe began to occupy upper hand.


 "Kill!"


 "Let us kill all these Hei tribe thugs."


 "Kill all the men, and take all the women to our camp!"


 Dong Fang alliance army’s morale surged high, their offense becoming fiercer as they beat back Hei tribe allied army without giving them room for breather.


 However, the originator of this momentum, Dong Fang Yu Liang, was somewhat worried.


 "Although we look to be moving towards victory, my side has already shown our trump cards. My killer move seven star lights won’t last for long, if I still can’t force Hei Lou Lan and Chang Shan Yin out, then..."


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s eyes flashed with a cold light when he thought of this.


 His clear and incisive eyes gazed towards the mid army of Hei tribe where black banner elite troop was stationed. This division of elite troop had formidable strength, far surpassing others; till now, this precious force had not made any move and was holding their position.


 Next, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s gaze moved towards a specific corner of the battlefield.


 Ge tribe Gu Masters were gathered there with Ge Guang and the rest being blood-soaked and fighting bravely.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang expressionlessly split the star thought cloud into two; one half moved towards black banner elite troop while the other half moved towards Ge tribe.


 Seeing the invasion of the star cloud, black banner army’s three commanders paled.


 "Defend! All forces activate Gu together!"


 The commanders sent the command and all the heads of the black banner elite troop put all their efforts in activating Gu.


 Battle thought Gu was similar to star thought Gu and empty thought Gu, and was also one of the wisdom path Gu worms. All the different ranking commanders of black banner elite troop coordinated to activate rank three to rank four Gu.


 These battle thought Gu were meant to be used on black banner elite troop. During the battle, the battle thought Gu would enter their brain and surge their battle intent, making them fearless.


 Star thought cloud pounced towards them. Red thoughts emerged above the black banner elite troop.


 There were few of these battle thoughts, but with them guarding beside the black banner elite troop, the elite troop was able to forcibly resist the impact of the star thought cloud.


 "Hei tribe is indeed worthy of being a super tribe, the quality of their elite troop is far beyond that of other tribe’s elite troops." Fang Yuan inwardly praised at this sight.


 These black banner elite troop belonged to Hei tribe completely and would keep on accumulating their strength during peaceful times. The Gu Masters in this troop were carefully selected elites, and with the large amounts of training and enormous resources invested in them, they were able to form into a trump card.


 Each of them had firm willpower and possessed the ability to resist the thoughts impact by themselves. Now, with the protection of battle thoughts added, the devastation of star thought cloud was restrained for the first time.


 Naturally, there was a crucial reason for this; Dong Fang Yu Liang had not used all his strength in this and had divided the star thought cloud into two, only using half of it to attack black banner elite troop.


 Black banner elite troop’s breathtaking performance shocked the people, forming a clear contrast with the other devastated elite troops.


 While on the Ge tribe’s side, miserable screams kept on ringing out; they were being slaughtered under the attack of the majestic star thoughts.


 Fang Yuan watched this indifferently. He was able to use wolf care Gu very proficiently, allowing him to see Ge tribe’s miserable condition clearly.


 Ge tribe was no more than one of his chess pieces to disguise his identity. As the chessmaster, why would he put himself in danger because of a chess piece?


 "Still not coming out?..." Dong Fang Yu Liang waited patiently for a while, secretly observing with his detection Gu; as long as Fang Yuan made any move to rescue the Ge tribe, he would be able to pinpoint Fang Yuan’s exact location through the soul fluctuations.


 But, no matter how long he waited, Fang Yuan did not make any move.


 Such cold and heartless action of Wolf King made Dong Fang Yu Liang feel a chill down his spine.


 On the contrary, when Hei Lou Lan saw his black banner elite troop showing signs of not being able to hold off anymore, he quickly made his move.


 "Dong Fang Yu Liang, die!" He shouted with a grandeur that looked like he had already recovered from the backlash.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang snorted, large numbers of new star thoughts emerged above his head and charged towards Hei Lou Lan.


 The two collided in the mid-air, exchanging many moves; for a time, the victor or the loser could not be determined.


 With Hei Lou Lan’s interference, the star thought cloud that was causing troubles for black banner elite troop had no more support, and completely disappeared after causing mayhem for a while.


 The battlefield that had turned chaotic for a while, again entered a deadlock.


 A smaller part of the dozen or so rank four battle rings, had already ended with the result ending in death or injuries. Among them, Wind Demon and Water Demon were still fighting. Shadow Sword Expert Bian Si Xuan and Flying Lightning Dong Po Kong, however, were moving back and forth in the battlefield.


 These two both had outstanding movement Gu, and even when they were blocked by rank four Gu Masters, they were able to easily get past them.


 They were continuously searching for Fang Yuan’s traces, but unfortunately Fang Yuan kept on hiding without making any moves, causing their search to be fruitless.


 ............


 At the same time, in Ni Yu blessed land, two Gu Immortals, a male and a female, were sipping tea while observing the smoke image on the center of the table.


 The smoke image kept on surging, showing the scenes of the battle between Hei tribe and Dong Fang tribe. The scenes were extremely clear, showing minute details of every corner.


 The female Gu Immortal Tan Bi Ya looked away and smiled towards the male Gu Immortal Dong Fang Chang Fan: "Looks like this battle will be determined by the battle between Dong Fang Yu Liang and Hei Lou Lan. Whichever side wins will be the side that will occupy the upper hand. Dong Fang Yu Liang, this young man is pretty good, being able to bring the battle into a stalemate while having weaker military forces than Hei tribe, it seems Brother Chang Fan’s guidance is quite effective."


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had an ancient noble appearance, with eyes that intermittently flashed with all kinds of colors. This sole wisdom path Gu Immortal of Dong Fang tribe indifferently shook his head and said with indifference:


 "Actually I only said two to three sentences to Dong Fang Yu Liang. But this young lad is indeed good and quite interesting. After returning, he wantonly proclaimed this and rose up borrowing my prestige. He has some talent and also puts in great efforts. I have already promised him that as long as he can be the Lord of the Imperial Court, I will heal his little sister and nurture him as one of my successors."


 "Become the Lord of Imperial Court?" Tan Bi Ya was slightly dazed before smiling, "Please forgive little sister for being blunt; in this round of the Imperial Court contest, I am afraid Dong Fang tribe does not have a high chance. Within the several popular candidates this year, Ye Lui tribe’s Ye Lui Sang is thought to have a high chance by everyone. This time, Ye Lui tribe’s Supreme Elder Ye Lui Lai has secretly entrusted an Immortal Gu to Ye Lui Sang. This is already an open secret in the circle."


 "Ye Lui tribe might be part of the Huang Jin family and one of the super tribes of northern plains, but they haven’t gained ownership of Imperial Court for the last eight rounds. Because of this, Ye Lui Lai has been made fun of by Hei Cheng of Hei tribe in these days. He is probably mobilizing Immortal Gu this time to regain face." Dong Fang Chang Fan chuckled after he finished speaking, his chuckle seemed to contain disdain.


 Tan Bi Ya sipped tea and said: "Yes, speaking of Hei Cheng, Hei Lou Lan is his twenty-seventh concubine’s child. This is his son, so he has been actively supporting from behind because of sentiment and principle. Thus, Hei Lou Lan is also one of the popular candidates. Historically speaking, the struggle for the Imperial Court is no more than a competition between several large Huang Jin family tribes. Those that are able to be the Lord of Imperial Court have immense support from behind. From what I see, Hei Lou Lan’s chances are much higher than your tribe’s Dong Fang Yu Liang."


 Dong Fang Chang Fan, however, slowly shook his head.


 Tan Bi Ya’s eyes flashed with a trace of interest at this: "What is it? Could it be Brother Chang Fan also privately gave an Immortal Gu to Dong Fang Yu Liang? Or maybe you set up some arrangements to ensure Dong Fang Yu Liang becomes the Lord of Imperial Court?"


 Wisdom path Gu Masters had the ability to scheme deeply and make deductions; most Gu Immortals have either experienced this personally or have heard of it. Wisdom path Gu Immortals were few in numbers, Dong Fang Chang Fan was a famous wisdom path Gu Master of northern plains; if he had secretly made arrangements and as long as it did not openly break the game rules for the fight for Imperial Court, Dong Fang Yu Liang would have a great probability of success.


 However, Dong Fang Chang Fan negated Tan Bi Ya’s conjecture: "No. During this round’s competition for Imperial Court, Ma tribe has enormous momentum and could be said to have one foot on the throne of Imperial Court. Why would I Dong Fang Chang Fan do pointless work?"


 He, Dong Fang Chang Fan, was already old and did not have much time left.


 He had calculated that the time of his death was around the corner and thus for the tribe and also for his legacy to be continued, the matter of importance was to choose and nurture his successor. The fight for the Imperial Court was secondary.


 Not all Gu Masters could become wisdom path Gu Masters by having a set of wisdom path Gu worms. Dong Fang Chang Fan was very pleased with Dong Fang Yu Liang’s talents and even was slightly fearful. What made him even more pleased was Dong Fang Yu Liang had a weak and sick little sister who was unable to cultivate.


 This was Dong Fang Yu Liang’s weakness, and as long as he grasped this hold on him, he would not need to worry about Dong Fang Yu Liang’s loyalty.


 The fight for the imperial court was only a plan he set for Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 After Dong Fang Yu Liang was defeated, he would definitely come to beg him to save his little sister. This was akin to him gaining a hold on Dong Fang Yu Liang of the latter’s own initiative.


 If Dong Fang Yu Liang succeeds by fluke, that would also be an unexpected surprise. Even though he had promised Dong Fang Yu Liang to heal his little sister, who is to say if she would be cured completely?


 Tan Bi Ya was surprised: "What is this? Brother Chang Fan, you actually are optimistic about Ma tribe? Ma tribe might be a large scale tribe with quite extraordinary military strength, but they don’t have an Gu Immortal supreme elder."


 Dong Fang Chang Fan seemed to be waiting for this question as he leisurely replied: "Sister Bi Ya, you are unaware that snowy mountain blessed land has already secretly contacted Ma tribe to give them support."


 "Snowy mountain blessed land, that group of demonic path Gu Immortals?" Tan Bi Ya’s complexion sank as the news had quite a huge impact on her.


 She closely looked at Dong Fang Chang Fan: "Brother Chang Fan, How did you know this?"


 Dong Fang Chang Fan proudly smiled: "I personally deduced this, you are the first one to know of it."


 Tan Bi Ya immediately believed most of it; Dong Fang Chang Fan was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, this deduction he made personally should be equal to the truth. She also knew his details and knew he did not have any reason to deceive her.


 Moreover, snowy mountain blessed land’s group of demonic path Gu Immortals had always been coveting after Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. This time, they were secretly supporting Ma tribe to get their hands on Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s inheritance, such things had happened many times in the past as well.


 Thinking of this, she could not remain seated anymore.


 She was Liu tribe’s external supreme elder and was secretly supporting Liu Wen Wu. In case Liu Wen Wu obtained the throne of Imperial Court, it would be an extremely big help to her status in Liu tribe.


 Ma tribe’s existence had severely affected her arrangement. She naturally could not be tolerant and stood up: "Brother Chang Fan, this matter is of grave importance. Demonic path Gu Immortals are jackals and wolves, the others are still in the dark. Little sister will go inform them, please forgive little sister for taking her leave."


 "Go, go." Dong Fang Chang Fan slowly nodded and opened the door of the blessed land.


 After Tan Bi Ya left the blessed land, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s face that had no change like an ancient well, showed a hint of a smile.


 This discussion was a scheme he had made for Tan Bi Ya.


 Tan Bi Ya was also an astute Gu Immortal, but since she was involved herself and also had her own expectations from this, she could be easily plotted against.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s gaze moved towards the smoke image where some changes had appeared in the battle.


 After a long fight, Dong Fang Yu Liang was slowly unable to hold up and began to retreat. With the main chief commander retreating, the army morale instantly fell and under Dong Fang Yu Liang’s command, also began to retreat.


 The army was rattled but retreated without rushing, they had clearly received a lot of training.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang had already expected this, thus he had spent a lot of care in planning the retreat prior to the battle.


 Dong Fang army slowly retreated while counter attacking occasionally; many Gu Masters of Hei tribe were instead the ones to lose their lives due to carelessness.


 "Wind Demon, you gutless rat, want to run?" Water Demon Hao Ji Liu shouted, his body was filled with injuries and was soaked in blood.


 Wind Demon scoffed but did not reply, instead retreating silently, firmly acting on Dong Fang Yu Liang’s command.


 The defensive line the army had constructed before was several hundreds of li farther. As long as they could retreat to the defense line, they would have time to get some rest and recover their strength.


 At that time, it would be Hei tribe army’s turn to feel a headache, and this bad start would only be a small detail.


 However, right at this time, wolf group suddenly howled and gathered together, once again forming into a wolf tide that unfolded a death charge towards Dong Fang army.


 The wolf group was different from Gu Masters; Gu Masters cherished their lives while the wolf group could charge on without fearing death.


 "Damn it!" Dong Fang Yu Liang’s heart was tearing as he looked at this. Under the wolf group’s charge, Dong Fang alliance army suffered countless casualties and panic soon spread in the army, continuing to show signs of crumbling.


 Fang Yuan used eighty percent of his master level enslavement attainment. The people who looked at it were dazzled as the assault came in waves after waves, unceasingly; Dong Fang army was like mud which under the cleansing of the wolf tide, broke apart piece by piece.


 The strong soul fluctuations revealed Fang Yuan’s position.


 But Fang Yuan was already in the open now; he was standing on the calm twin-headed rhino with many Gu Master experts gathering beside him.


 "Wolf King Chang Shan Yin..." Dong Fang Yu Liang gnashed his teeth, his eyes seemingly breathing fire.


 In this battle, he had thoroughly experienced the ruthlessness and the ferocity of Fang Yuan.


 Don’t forget, Fang Yuan had only acted twice in this battle!


 The first time he moved, he directly created the all-out war, causing many of Dong Fang Yu Liang’s arrangements to have no place to be used.


 And now, the second time he moved, was the time when Dong Fang army was its weakest, throwing stones at them when they were having difficulties. Right now, the Gu Masters almost had no primeval essence in their aperture, having risked their lives for so long. Although they still had strength to battle, they were perishing together with the wolves.


 Fang Yuan’s wolf group also had severe losses. But this was already a great profit, his wolves could be easily replenished, there were many wolves in northern plains! But the sacrifice the other side had to make were precious Gu Masters!



***
Chapter 515: Dong Fang Yu Liang’s backup plan


***





 Chapter 515: Dong Fang Yu Liang’s backup plan


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Dong Fang army suffered huge losses within a short period of time, and they abandoned the large numbers of corpses as they retreated.


 "Run!"


 "Run, it will be too late if we don’t go now!!"


 The situation Dong Fang Yu Liang was most worried about finally happened - Dong Fang alliance army collapsed with no intent to battle, only concentrating on escaping. Hei tribe army took this chance to unfold a cruel massacre.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang gnashed his teeth and promptly mobilized rank four Gu Master experts to hold back the enemy.


 The experts turned around and dealt a heavy blow, restraining the momentum of Hei tribe army. But this did not last long as Hei tribe’s rank four Gu Master experts took the stage and hindered the Dong Fang tribe’s experts.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang made a move again, but was pinned down by Hei Lou Lan.


 Seeing his side troops chasing after the enemy and having the momentum in unfolding cruel massacre, Fang Yuan stopped and summoned the wolf group beside him.


 This move immediately won favorable impression from the black banner elite troop’s commander who was beside him.


 In his view, this was a great chance for Wolf King to get battle contributions, but the latter instead gave these battle achievements to others. This commander praised Fang Yuan openly.


 Fang Yuan knew the other party was trying to express goodwill. Hei Xiu Yi had been appointed as his bodyguard, but Xiu Yi deserted him in the face of danger, and if not for the water image Gu, he would have already been dead.


 However, Fang Yuan never counted on someone else’s protection; he only relied on himself. Moreover, Hei Xiu Yi was Hei Lou Lan’s trusted general and because of this, he would not be able to do anything to Hei Xiu Yi if he raised this topic. Even if he could, Fang Yuan was not willing to be in such pointless internal friction.


 He casually replied, secretly hinting the commander that he did not put this matter in heart.


 Only then did the commander let out a breath of relief, secretly feeling: though Wolf King was arrogant, he was truly magnanimous and extraordinary.


 Finally, Dong Fang army made a mad run to the first defense line, paying a disastrous price for this.


 Twenty percent of the whole army had died during the first battle but fifty percent had died during the chase by the wolf group and the enemy. The remaining thirty percent who were injured and disabled managed to run to the defense line.


 Among the rank four experts, two died in the process of holding back Hei tribe army.


 The Hei tribe army chased without stopping, but they were shot through by the feather arrow elite troops who were standing on the defense walls, and lost hundreds of people before running away in sorry figures.


 This was the elite troop that the Dong Fang tribe had cultivated by spending a lot of care and resources; they were not any weaker than the black banner elite troop.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Masters tried to charge through three times but were shot back into retreat by the feather arrow elite troop. Hei Lou Lan mobilized the rank four Gu Masters to charge forward, but they were trapped by Dong Fang Yu Liang’s arrangement and lost three experts.


 "Lord alliance leader, the enemy is relying on their location to defend and they occupy the geographical advantage. Our side has fought hard for long, we don’t have sufficient primeval essence to keep on fighting, it would be better to retreat for now and make new plans." The group of experts returned to the main tent where cunning gentleman Sun Shi Han suggested this idea.


 Fang Yuan’s brows furrowed; he had his previous life memories and knew Dong Fang Yu Liang was very good at handling messy situations, winning against stronger opponents as the weaker side. If they delayed for long, the amount of intel he would receive would increase and it would be more unfavorable for Hei tribe.


 This time, there was Fang Yuan’s interference which led to the Hei tribe occupying a greater dominance than in his previous life, but Dong Fang Yu Liang who was in a good shape was an enormous threat. To deal with Dong Fang Yu Liang, the best way was to continue attacking, without giving him the chance to scheme and calculate.


 Hei Lou Lan pondered on cunning gentleman’s suggestion in silence. He had crossed hands with Dong Fang Yu Liang before and was well acquainted with Dong Fang Yu Liang’s methods. He did not want to let go of this chance in front of him and thus his gaze moved towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan proudly smiled and said to Hei Lou Lan: "Hei tribe leader does not need to worry, I can guarantee you that I will break this defense line in just a quarter of an hour."


 The crowd raised their eyebrows in surprise while cunning gentleman sneered, feeling Fang Yuan was boasting.


 Hei Lou Lan, however, was joyous: "Then I shall see the Wolf King’s ability."


 The wolf group once again gathered together and unfolded an endless charge at Dong Fang tribe’s first line of defense.


 The Dong Fang tribe defended very tightly and in just moments, wolf corpses littered under the walls.


 Hei tribe’s troops were overwhelmed at this sight; Fang Yuan was simply sending the wolf group to their death, disregarding the sacrifices.


 Especially the feather arrow elite troop; they were experts at long distance attacks and were with the direction of the wind from the walls. Rank four experts acted as emergency response group, moving everywhere; as long as an area showed signs of falling, they would move one after another to avert the disaster.


 Dong Fang tribe’s defense line was truly like a fortress.


 Fang Yuan scoffed while continuously activating wolf howl Gu, and creating shocking variations in the assault. Every variation brought an enormous threat to the defense line.


 This high intensity of battle caused enormous sacrifices in the wolf group; two hundred and eighty thousand wolves had died in a short period of time!


 Fang Yuan was expressionless as he commanded the wolf group from the twin-headed rhinoceros’s back. The gazes the crowd in the main tent looked at him quietly changed.


 Wolf King’s ruthlessness caused fear to emerged in these people.


 Such a majestic and fierce wolf tide gave them a feeling of being insignificant.


 "Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, such a ruthless heart you have, do you want to spare none!?" Dong Fang Yu Liang’s expression was heavy. The large numbers of sacrifices in the wolf group were exchanged with intense consumption of primeval essence of Dong Fang army.


 He was extremely regretful. If he had known this, he would rather give up on Hei Lou Lan, to take Chang Shan Yin’s life!


 Finally, Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Masters could not hold up anymore, and the wolf group’s offence made them so exhausted that they did not even have time to take a breather, much less recover their primeval essence.


 "Retreat!" Helplessly, Dong Fang Yu Liang could only send down the command to retreat.


 Just like Fang Yuan proclaimed, after a quarter of an hour, Dong Fang tribe’s first line of defense was broken. Dong Fang Yu Liang left behind a group of crippled Gu Masters to cover their retreat, and led the remaining troops to escape towards the second defense line in the fastest speed possible.


 "My wolf group is very exhausted and is not fit to chase them anymore." Fang Yuan withdrew his wolf group and made way to give Hei tribe army the chance to move.


 This action won him almost everyone’s good impressions.


 "I have sustained some injuries in this battle, you guys chase them and kill them all. But be careful, that Dong Fang lad definitely has some arrangements." Hei Lou Lan did not move from the main tent, and instead sent Hao Ji Liu, Pan Ping, the Wang tribe leader and others to chase.


 The crowd excitedly crossed over the broken defense line and moved in pursuit.


 But the troops had just crossed over the defense line when an intense explosion suddenly burst out.


 BOOM! Just like the crackling of a thunder, dozens of Gu Masters were instantly fried, leaving behind flesh and broken limbs on the ground.


 BOOM BOOM BOOM...


 Immediately after that, large numbers of explosions exploded in a chain-reaction, covering the whole defense line.


 The troops who went to chase immediately suffered huge losses and fell into chaos.


 "It is charred thunder potato Gu! Dong Fang Yu Liang buried large numbers of them under the defense line!" The investigative Gu Masters returned to report in the main tent.


 "I can see it!" Hei Lou Lan’s expression was extremely dark as he waved his hand for the investigative Gu Masters to take their leave.


 He was not stupid and immediately realized he had been schemed by Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 Setting up so many charred thunder potato Gu would require a long time. This time was actually given by Hei Lou Lan.


 Before the battle, Dong Fang Yu Liang had purposely sent a challenge letter to start the war. In retaliation, Hei Lou Lan listened to cunning gentleman’s words and delayed it for several days, only starting the battle after his rear army gathered. This gave Dong Fang Yu Liang the chance to put this plan in action.


 The explosions continued without an end, inflicting many casualties among the Hei tribe army. The most crucial point was that their pursuit had stopped; the Hei tribe army could only watch as the Dong Fang tribe’s remnant troops safely escaped.


 Charred thunder potato Gu might only be a rank two Gu with limited power but there was just too many of it.


 Besides this, there were also many rank three muffled thunder potato Gu and a few rank four thunderclap potato Gu mixed among them.


 Even if Gu Masters were able to activate defensive Gu and preserve their life, their primeval essence would be greatly consumed. There were only a few Gu Masters who had flying Gu worms. Even if these people could catch up to the enemy, their strength was weak and would instead be giving Dong Fang tribe the opportunity to kill them.


 The Gu Masters who had been worked up and excited to establish merits, finally returned to the camp in a sorry figure, full of injuries.


 "We have already gained a huge victory today, Dong Fang lad is only delaying his death. I can still have the pleasure of killing him later!" Hei Lou Lan pacified himself and began to handle the postwar affairs.


 Cleaning the battlefield, healing the injured, listing the battle merits; these were all complicated affairs that required energy and time.


 Fang Yuan naturally was not willing to waste his precious time on this. He casually gave an excuse and left the main tent, returning to his large lizard house Gu to continue cultivating.


 He had established huge contributions in this battle, and although he only moved a few times, each time was crucial. In front of his military success and position of strength, even cunning gentleman kept quiet, much less anyone else.


 "The Wolf King was not injured by the blast?...." Dong Fang Yu Liang listened to the battle information from the detective Gu Master, and felt quite regretful.


 Through this battle, he placed Fang Yuan as the number one enemy with threat even higher than Hei Lou Lan.


 Chang Shan Yin was extremely cunning and vicious, not even caring about Ge tribe’s life or death. Although he was only at rank four peak stage, he was much more troublesome than Hei Lou Lan.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang had originally calculated that the chance for Chang Shan Yin to mobilize his wolf group to chase them was very high.


 But his meticulously prepared trap did not even ensnare a single wolf, and instead killed large numbers of Hei tribe’s Gu Masters.


 A Gu Master’s life was much much more precious than wild wolves. But Dong Fang Yu Liang was not happy.


 To a wisdom path Gu Master who were experts at deductions and schemes, a strong and powerful enemy was not troublesome. But even though the Wolf King was strong, he was not conceited, and instead was a very calm opponent; such opponents were a thorn in the neck.


 It was precisely because of Fang Yuan’s few times of making a move that caused Dong Fang army to fall from slightly losing position to utter defeat. From this, a gap appeared in the two sides where the Hei tribe was in a clear superiority and Dong Fang army was in a disadvantage, in a worsening situation.


 Looking at this battle coming to an end, in Ni Yu blessed land, Dong Fang Chang Fan retracted his gaze and collected the smoke on the table into his sleeves.


 Even without a need to deduce, he could tell that Dong Fang Yu Liang was already in an absolute disadvantage after this battle. Unless Hei Lou Lan made a great mistake, Dong Fang Yu Liang’s hopes of advancing to Imperial Court had become very minute.


 However, Dong Fang Yu Liang had performed remarkably in the battle, even creating a stalemate with his comparatively weaker military force. He had made full use of all the cards available to him.


 "Especially his move in protecting the tribe’s strength, which caused there to not be a single loss in feather arrow elite troop. This is his loyalty towards the tribe. Now, it is a test to see how well he deals with this messy situation." Dong Fang Chang Fan slowly closed his eyes, very pleased with this point.


 Other tribe’s casualties were their matters, it was okay as long as Dong Fang tribe’s losses were not large.


 The struggle for the Imperial Court by itself was an arrangement set by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable; one of the objectives was to preserve his bloodline while weakening the other tribes!



***
Chapter 516: Battle Merit Board


***





 Chapter 516: Battle Merit Board


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The red cloud surged in the air, giving Fang Yuan a burning hot feeling.


 Fang Yuan was sitting cross-legged on a mat with his eyes closed, his mind holding the fire cloud together.


 "It is time." He inwardly calculated the time and slowly opened his eyes, after which he took out a wine vat.


 The wine vat was filled with dark blue liquid, giving off a shine like the reflection of the moon on the sea.


 "Descend." Fang Yuan softly spoke and the fire cloud in the air slowly fell down, pouring completely into the wine vat.


 For a moment, the contact of fire and water along with their merging produced thick black smoke.


 The black smoke rapidly pervaded the whole room.


 Fang Yuan could not even see his own fingers as if he was in a dark night.


 With a shift of his mind, the wine vat suddenly let out an attraction force that completely absorbed all the black smoke within a few breaths of time.


 The room was bright once again with a vague sweetness remaining in the air.


 Fang Yuan repeatedly flicked his finger, throwing Gu worm after Gu worm into the wine vat. The wine vat kept on shaking for two-three minutes before finally calming down.


 Fang Yuan gazed into the wine vat and only saw black mud inside. Those Gu worms he had thrown inside had completely merged together, forming a semi-finished product that was concealed in the center of the black mud.


 "Rise." Fang Yuan cautiously poured his primeval essence.


 The surface of the black mud broke open and a thin, delicate sprout grew out of it. The delicate sprout was glossy green and grew rapidly, already growing into a small sapling in an instant.


 The sapling grew thicker with a visible speed, slowly growing upwards. Conversely, the black mud in the wine vat rapidly decreased.


 When the black mud decreased to eighty percent, the small tree stopped growing. The crown of the tree had formed into a tight shape, like a clenched green fist.


 "Open." Fang Yuan gave a light shout and simultaneously poured in large amounts of primeval essence into the tree.


 The green fist slowly opened, revealing a Gu worm in its palm.


 This Gu had a long oval body with a dark brown carapace. A majestic horn was on its head, which made it look thick and powerful.


 It had four pairs of long strong legs and its whole body emitted a glossy metallic luster. One look at it was enough for anyone to know that it was not an ordinary Gu.


 A trace of joy flashed in Fang Yuan’s eyes.


 This Gu was precisely the all-out effort Gu which he had failed to advance three times before, finally succeeding in this fourth try.


 Fang Yuan carefully observed, examining the differences in before and after the refinement.


 Rank three all-out effort Gu only had three pairs of legs and because it was from the Southern Border, it received the region’s restriction and was suppressed to rank two.


 Rank four all-out effort Gu had four pairs of legs and was larger in size, over two times bigger than its rank three counterpart. And because it was refined in Northern Plains, it became a Northern Plains Gu and did not suffer from suppression, thus letting out a genuine rank four aura.


 "With this rank four Gu, my strength path battle strength has immediately recovered for the most part. I will have to make preparations for its rank five recipe. Fortunately, I now possess a blessed land and can connect to treasure yellow heaven, and also have some connection with Lang Ya blessed land. There is hope in getting hold of all-out effort Gu’s rank five recipe."


 Fang Yuan stored this new all-out effort Gu into his aperture and cleaned the room once before coming out of the large lizard house Gu.


 Outside was a bright and beautiful scene.


 Large numbers of Gu Masters were moving back and forth between countless tents, hurrying about their respective affairs. Some were going to supply camps to exchange for Gu worms, some were returning after cleaning up the battlefield and some were building up defensive structures.


 Eight days had passed since the great battle with Dong Fang alliance army.


 In these eight days, Hei tribe’s army kept its patience, cleaning up the battlefield everyday, making details of battle merits and healing the injured.


 These serious and diverse affairs caused the army higher ups to be extremely busy. A mountain of paperworks had piled up on Hei Lou Lan’s table. Cunning gentleman was given heavy responsibilities and was so busy that he had not slept for three days and three nights, and his face had become pale as paper. Each of the tribe leaders were also very busy, rushing about to fight for the benefits of their respective tribes.


 As people holding top positions, they naturally had their own duty and responsibility.


 In this period of time, Ge Guang also looked for Fang Yuan several times, hoping Fang Yuan would come out for Ge tribe’s benefits, but Fang Yuan ignored and refused to see him, only concentrating in cultivating.


 In this time, they appeared to be free and unconstrained like those demonic path Gu Masters. For the most part, they did not receive any implications and only looked after themselves; apart from checking whether their battle merits had not been embezzled, they were either healing their injuries or using battle merits to exchange for new Gu worms, actively preparing for war.


 The treatment abilities of this world was far above that on earth.


 On Earth, amputated limbs would mean becoming a disabled. If fingers were cut off, the fingers would need to be preserved and transplanted within a set period of time. And this transplantation had a chance of failure.


 But in this world, even if one’s limbs were completely cut off, they could be directly grown under the healing effects of Gu worms.


 Basically, as long as the Gu Masters were not inflicted with troublesome injuries, they could be healed.


 Thus, although only a short period of eight days had passed, the number of injured in Hei tribe army had already decreased by eighty percent, among which most had recovered the ability to fight.


 As one went nearer towards the supply camps, they would discover a bigger stream of people.


 Over these days, large numbers of Gu Masters came here to exchange their battle merits for goods.


 The supply camps became the most busy place in the whole camp. They opened fifteen large tents in a row with each tent occupying at least 3.25 acres, and over a thousand Gu Masters were working to serve people. But even so, the supply camp was packed with people and every tent was crowded and clamorous.


 "Subordinate greets Lord Wolf King, please come this way lord." When Fang Yuan arrived at the supply camp, a professional female Gu Master led him to a Gu house with a smile on her face.


 As long as there was an organization, there would be hierarchy, upper and lower levels and also difference in treatments.


 Fang Yuan belonged to the upper layer in the whole army and the treatment he received would naturally be different from ordinary people.


 "Lord Wolf King is mighty, you are the first in the battle merit list in this battle!" The young and beautiful female Gu Master handed a scroll to Fang Yuan with a look of worship.


 Fang Yuan gently pulled apart the two ends of the scroll and saw Chang Shan Yin at the very start. After his name was the amount of battle merit, which was a series of numbers written in Northern Plains’ language, denoting over a hundred thousand characters. Fang Yuan only roughly glanced at it.


 In this world, battle merits were easy to calculate.


 Because there were large numbers of Gu worms that could monitor or capture images. In every large battle, every tribe would use large numbers of Gu worms to record the whole process of the battle. Besides the purpose of calculating the battle merits, it was more importantly for assimilating experience, gathering intel, probing the enemy’s real details and understanding one’s own side’s deficiencies.


 Besides this, many Gu Masters would also use their own Gu worms to record their own battle.


 With all these details and images of every corner, the battle merits would be calculated again and again to verify the correct statistic.


 Fang Yuan opened the scroll further; under his name was Hei Lou Lan. His battle merit was over eighty thousand.


 Hei Lou Lan fought and pinned down Dong Fang Yu Liang who was the strongest expert in the enemy’s side. At the same time, he killed Wei Xin, E Xuan Ming and Wan Shan who were under three hearts combination soul, getting rid of the mixed beast group; this was an enormous battle contribution.


 Under Hei Lou Lan was Water Demon Hao Ji Liu, Wang tribe leader, Pan Ping and so on with tens of thousands as their battle merits.


 As Fang Yuan went further down, the battle merits became less and less. After the top ten, the battle merits fell down to over nine thousand. After the top twenty, the battle merits fell down to around seven to eight thousand.


 The scroll recorded one hundred and six people altogether, with most having around three thousand battle merits.


 It was clear this scroll was the list of the highest battle merits achiever. The complete battle merit list was erected in the fifteen large tents and was as large as defense walls, with large numbers of swimword Gu used on them. Thus, the characters on the surface of the large list would flicker time to time, showing the change in the battle merits.


 The battle merits statistics had started from the moment the battle started, and would keep on being maintained.


 Some Gu Masters would exchange their battle merits for Gu worms, thus their battle merits would fall. Some Gu Masters’ battle merits would instead continue to rise. Especially healing Gu Masters, they would have considerable gains in the postwar.


 Fang Yuan placed the scroll to the side. The female Gu Master had been observing his expression and at this moment, she handed over a Gu worm.


 This Gu worm looked like a ladybug with square carapace, protruding edges while the middle part was sunken like a window frame.


 This was rank four east window Gu, an information path Gu, used to store information.


 Previously at Lang Ya blessed land, when Fang Yuan asked for the information on Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the Lang Ya land spirit had given him an east window Gu.


 Fang Yuan took the east window Gu and held it in his hand, pouring primeval essence into it.


 East window Gu gave off a glimmer, and an enormous amount of information poured into Fang Yuan’s mind.


 There was a large number of goods including Gu worms from every path, beasts, vegetation, primeval stones, variant men, Gu recipes and so on.


 These goods were put up by all tribes, and according to rules, as the alliance leader, Hei tribe put forward the maximum number of goods, no less than half of all these goods.


 Soon, Fang Yuan discovered many things he wanted to purchase from these goods.


 Although Fang Yuan could connect to treasure yellow heaven through Little Hu Immortal, the transactions in treasure yellow heaven was the transactions between great sects and clans, which used immortal essence stones as the currency. It was not suitable for Fang Yuan’s current state.


 At the same time there was also the mysterious force represented by Old Man Yan Shi who was coveting after Fang Yuan’s fixed immortal travel Gu. If Fang Yuan wanted to buy rank five Gu to raise his strength, he would need to buy Northern Plains’ Gu worms. If he did that, it would definitely provide an important evidence to this wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 Thus, the supply camp was much more suitable to the current Fang Yuan than treasure yellow heaven.


 "Among my strength path Gu worms, all-out effort Gu has been raised to rank four and has adapted to Northern Plains. But I still have rank three strength qi Gu, tusita flower, primeval elder Gu, self-reliance Gu as well as rank four bitter strength, expend strength Gu and charging crash Gu. These Gu are all from Southern Border and is under region suppression in the Northern Plains."


 "To remove the region’s suppression, I would need to advance these Gu to higher rank in Northern Plains. But to do so would mean too much investment."


 There was a probability of failure in Gu refinement.


 Even though Fang Yuan had close to master level skill in refinement path, he was not exempted from this probability.


 The rank four all-out effort Gu he refined had failed several times before succeeding. The refinement of nauseous crying baby Gu failed for over ten times, yet it still did not succeed in the end.


 The higher the rank of the Gu, the higher the probability of failing the refinement. This was especially so for rank five Gu as those were very challenging and difficult to refine, with the probability of success usually being less than one in a thousand.



***
Chapter 517: Lurking Soul Coat Gu


***





 Chapter 517: Lurking Soul Coat Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Advancing bitter strength Gu, expend strength Gu and charging crash Gu to rank five was a huge project; Fang Yuan would need to use large amounts of materials and Gu worms.


 Thus, often only the Gu Immortals who had blessed lands had the capital to gather a complete set of rank five Gu.


 It was very hard for mortals to bear such a price.


 Thus, in the mortal world, a lot of rank five Gu Masters did not even have one rank five Gu. Only people like Hei Lou Lan and Dong Fang Yu Liang who had the support of a large force behind them had one or two rank five Gu.


 In the information provided by east window Gu, there was only a dark path rank five Gu that could be exchanged with battle merits.


 "My enslavement path Gu originated from Chang Shan Yin, almost all are rank four and it will be extremely difficult to raise them to rank five in a short period of time. Thus, I need to concentrate on gathering Gu recipes, just in case."


 "As for my strength path Gu, those originate from Southern Border; rather than refining them, it might be better to make direct purchases. After all, these Gu are not my vital Gu, so if the refinement fails, they will perish. And if I want to refine again, I will have to accumulate them again.’


 Fang Yuan’s plan was the same as the choice many foreign region Gu Masters sensibly made in the troubled times that were to come in the future.


 He made his choice.


 There was only one rank five Gu among the goods, but there were many rank four Gu including bitter strength Gu, tusita flower and primeval elder Gu.


 But there was no charging crash Gu.


 Fang Yuan could only opt for the next best choice and choose two pairs of rank three horizontal charge Gu and vertical crash Gu, intending to fuse them himself.


 Self-reliance Gu was a perfect match for strength path Gu Masters, and a rare Gu at that. In Hei tribe’s enormous list of goods, there was one self-reliance Gu, but unfortunately it was only at rank two, even lower than Fang Yuan’s.


 Rank three self-reliance Gu could reach a price of forty-five thousand primeval stones which corresponded to forty-five hundred battle merits.


 A rank four self-reliance Gu’s price could be compared to a rank five Gu, and had a very low possibility of appearing in the exchange list.


 Fang Yuan pondered and bought this rank two self-reliance Gu as well. If there was truly no other way, he could only try to refine it.


 If the self-reliance Gu was like this, then there was no need to even mention strength qi Gu.


 Strength qi Gu was already extinct in the mortal markets, and Fang Yuan’s strength qi Gu was obtained by reverse refining rank four atmosphere Gu.


 But the atmosphere Gu was rank four, and was not a mainstream Gu, and was also very rare on top of that.


 If Fang Yuan wanted to obtain strength qi Gu, he could only use Northern Plains’ atmosphere Gu and reverse refine it to rank three strength qi Gu.


 He had rank five cultivation now; rank three strength qi Gu was not suitable for him anymore, rank three Gu’s help to him now was extremely small.


 "Since there is no expend strength Gu, then so be it. After all, this Gu is used for restricting strength path and has few applications. If I don’t have strength qi Gu, it will truly be miserable; I will be lacking long range attack methods and land in the most common predicament of present age strength path Gu Masters."


 Strength qi Gu might not be treated as a core Gu, but it was extremely important to strength path Gu Masters.


 "So I can only try to gather rank four and rank five recipes of strength qi Gu for now. Qi path has already died out, treasure yellow heaven has them but the prices are definitely high. Perhaps my greatest hope is in Lang Ya blessed land. But Lang Ya land spirit is not easy to deal with, I will have to pay a huge price if I want to obtain the recipe."


 Just when Fang Yuan was inwardly vexed about this problem, he suddenly had a realization.


 "Eh? Wrong." His mind received a slight jolt.


 "Even if my strength path doesn’t have long ranged attack methods, my enslavement path can make up for it! My situation is no longer the same now, I have two apertures, I cultivate enslavement and strength path, they can complement each other."


 Fang Yuan’s view suddenly cleared up.


 Although he was someone who had been reborn and was meticulous, it was unavoidable for even him to have times of habitual thinking.


 He only had one aperture in his previous life and even though he had touched upon other paths, it was mostly after he became a Gu Immortal. But now, he was already cultivating two paths as a mortal.


 "Enslavement path Gu Masters are most afraid of beheading the leader tactics, I can use strength path to defend. On the contrary, strength path’s weakness can be filled by using enslavement path. Strength qi Gu, there is no need for it."


 Because he cultivated two paths, this problem that troubled strength path Gu Masters was easily resolved.


 Following after this, Fang Yuan used his battle merits to exchange for many space path Gu and large numbers of Gu refinement materials.


 These space path Gu and materials were preparations to enter Luo Po Valley later on.


 Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable had sealed Luo Po Valley back then. If one wanted to enter, normal methods wouldn’t work; one must have a rank five open door Gu.


 Open door Gu could let the fated ones enter Luo Po valley. But to close the passage would require refining a rank five close door Gu, to prevent the exposure of the passage and others entering in.


 ’Lord Wolf King actually exchanged for so many strength path Gu and space path Gu, and there are also huge amounts of Gu refinement materials.’ The goods Fang Yuan wanted to exchange for, caused this female Gu Master to be inwardly surprised.


 Exchanging for strength path Gu was still reasonable, after all strength path might be declining but it consumed less primeval essence. In case primeval essence was about to be exhausted, it could act as a Gu Master’s last support.


 Thus, in Northern Plains where battles occurred frequently, almost all the Gu Masters cultivated some strength path Gu.


 ’But what is Lord Wolf King going to do with these space path Gu?’


 ’Maybe he wants to use space path Gu to protect himself? After all, enslavement path Gu Masters are often restrained by beheading leader tactics.’


 ’There are also these astonishing amounts of Gu refinement materials, is Lord Wolf King interested towards refinement path? Or maybe he is researching a completely new enslavement path Gu?’


 The female Gu Master was full of doubts but did not express them.


 She was very aware that rashly inquiring about these secrets was an extremely great offense to the Gu Master.


 Thus, she did not reveal any curiosity on her face, concentrating only on handling these exchanges.


 Fang Yuan soon saw his battle merits decreased by over half on the battle list, immediately falling down from first position.


 "Lord Wolf King, these goods you exchanged for will be sent to you one by one today and will be completely delivered by dawn." The female Gu Master informed in a soft voice.


 Fang Yuan nodded and was just about to leave when this female Gu Master said in a low voice: "Lord Wolf King, please wait a moment. Here is a Gu recipe which is extremely suitable for you, Lord tribe leader specifically told me to hold it for you."


 "Hmm?" Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a bright light.


 There was no need to even guess, the female Gu Master before him was definitely Hei tribe’s Gu Master.


 In such an important place like the supply camp, Hei Lou Lan could only be at ease if he placed his men inside.


 Listening to the female Gu Master’s words, Fang Yuan realized this was Hei Lou Lan’s goodwill towards him. It was extremely likely that it was because of Hei Xiu Yi deserting in the face of danger, and that Fang Yuan let the bygones be bygones, so Hei Lou Lan was secretly reciprocating for it.


 Fang Yuan immediately felt some interest and after understanding about the details, he found that this Gu recipe was truly very suitable for him.


 This was a Gu recipe of lurking soul coat Gu.


 Lurking soul coat Gu had only one ability, and that was to cover soul fluctuations.


 Previously, Fang Yuan was hiding in a corner of the battlefield and had to mobilize the wolf group without being able to use his full strength to prevent being discovered. But with this Gu, he could completely cover his soul fluctuations and mobilize the wolf group with his whole strength while hiding.


 This Gu recipe went all the way from rank one to rank five, thus it had very high price.


 Fang Yuan used all his remaining battle merits and barely obtained it.


 He skimmed through the Gu recipe once and saw the difficulty in refining this Gu was not high, but there were monumental amount of refinement procedures. Moreover, the cost involved was not low, especially one procedure among them required a large number of fresh beast skins as Gu refinement materials.


 "Tribe leader has said himself that if Lord Wolf King feels like the Gu refinement is too complicated, you can ask the refinement path Gu Masters to do it. You only need to pay equivalent battle merits to them. If Lord Wolf King has insufficient battle merits, you can borrow five hundred thousand." The female Gu Master timely suggested.


 Primeval stones were the currency during normal times.


 But during battles, because of Gu Masters using a large number of primeval stones to restore their primeval essence, refine new Gu or so on, primeval stones were in scarcity.


 At such times, battle merits were often used as currency.


 This was not only in Northern Plains, it was also the same in Southern Border and other regions.


 Borrowing battle merits naturally was not a treatment given to ordinary people. Fang Yuan, however, was a crucial battle strength as he could directly raise the strength of the whole Hei tribe army by himself, thus Hei Lou Lan was happy to actively promote such actions secretly.


 Fang Yuan nodded and borrowed five hundred thousand battle merits on the spot.


 With this, his battle merits went into negative, falling down to the last position on the large battle merit list.


 The Gu Masters who saw this scene in the fifteen large tents exclaimed in surprise.


 In the enormous battle merit list that was as large as defense walls, the negative five hundred thousand which was written in scarlet was exceptionally dazzling.


 From first to last, such a huge discrepancy caused people to be greatly taken aback.


 Clamorous discussions rose before gradually quieting down.


 The Wolf King’s strength and status made them involuntarily accept this fact.


 Soon after, several assignments that came from the Wolf King caused the quietened discussions to again turn into a clamor.


 The assignments were capturing wolves, gathering souls, peeling off wolf skins and processing them, along with large numbers of Gu refinement assignments; once completed, could give them a lot of battle merits.


 These assignments quickly stimulated everyone’s enthusiasm.


 In the next few days, Fang Yuan continued to cultivate, concentrating mainly on strength path.


 Because of turtle jade wolf skin Gu, his body could bear even more strength.


 Several days later, Fang Yuan’s strength path broke through the hundred jun strength barrier, and he had already successively received ten thousand rank one lurking soul coat Gu.


 But to push to rank five, this amount was still far from enough.


 Hei tribe army rested and reorganized for a week more before pulling up the camp and pushing forward towards Dong Fang tribe’s defense line.


 The battle began once more.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang relied on tall and firm defense walls to defend tightly, and along with repeated clever plans, he was able to push off the battle to the limit, causing great trouble to Hei tribe.


 But it was still very difficult for him to make up for the large gap created by the first battle.


 The five defense lines Dong Fang army had built, was broken through by Hei tribe in a row.


 In the end, the Dong Fang army had retreated to the final defense line - in the central zone of Cao Fu - and were firmly surrounded by Hei tribe.


 "Dong Fang Yu Liang, you are surrounded, your loss is already determined. A wise man submits to fate; as long as you surrender, my army’s main military advisor position will still be yours."


 Hei Lou Lan stood high on his twin-headed rhino, his voice echoing throughout the battlefield.



***
Chapter 518: Famous


***





 Chapter 518: Famous


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Facing Hei Lou Lan’s offer of submission, Dong Fang Yu Liang went silent.


 He was standing on the walls, looking at the black enemy troops, the wind blew his hair and his clothes fluttered lightly in the air.


 He sighed lightly.


 Even though he had many brilliant schemes and always held the initiative with his predictions, the difference between the two sides was just too overwhelming, in the end, they reached this stage.


 Wisdom path was not invincible.


 Throughout history, there were a great number of Gu Master path and styles, even qi path and strength path which were dominant in a point in time, did not manage to cause other paths to go into extinction, becoming the sole path of the Gu Master world.


 Every path had its strengths and weaknesses.


 Especially when Gu Master paths were established on the basis of resources. As times changed, and environments changed, when the resources that Gu Masters needed to cultivate dwindled, that particular path’s vitality would go down.


 Any Gu Master familiar with history would know that throughout the long river of time, countless paths were buried.


 Speaking of which, wisdom path had been popular since the immemorial era, until this day. Even though they were always low on numbers, such an established path could be said to be independent already.


 In this world, there were no invincible paths, only invincible Gu Masters.


 But to be truly invincible, there were only ten in history.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was only a rank five wisdom path Gu Master, although he was at the peak of the mortal realm, he was far from invincible.


 Even though he had his self created killer move, Seven Star Light, the primeval essence expenditure of it was too great, it could not be sustained. Against a huge force like Hei tribe, he was already feeling overpowered and outnumbered.


 "If I was an enslavement path Gu Master, there might be a chance of salvaging it. But even enslavement path would need to be worried of beheading the leader tactic. Even Wolf King Chang Shan Yin does not dare to venture out alone, leading his wolves to leave the main troops. Thus, only by ascending to Gu Immortal can one rule above the mortal world." Dong Fang Yu Liang sighed in his heart.


 At this time, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu came forward to battle.


 "Wind Demon, come out and die!" He shouted out his enemy’s name.


 Wind Demon was furious, growling: "Hao Ji Liu, don’t be arrogant!"


 Saying so, he leapt from the defense walls, activating his Gu while in mid air, as two four-leaf wind blades formed, shooting out.


 "All you can use are old tricks!" Water Demon laughed, not dodging as he charged head on.


 Bam bam bam!


 The water and wind demons had battled for dozens of rounds, they were very familiar with each other, thus, the moment they fought, it reached the climax.


 Wind blades and water bullets flew on both sides, colliding in mid air as they exploded.


 Wind Demon’s attacks were sharp and focused on penetrating and kiting, while Water Demon engaged in frontal assault, overwhelming the enemy.


 The two were established characters, now that they were engaging with each other, they were displaying great strength as the battle could not be decided easily.


 The Gu Masters from both armies focused their attention on these two people.


 The strength of a rank four Gu Master was well known by all, but now, it still gave them a great sense of fear and trepidation.


 After a while, Water Demon gradually gained the upper hand.


 Wind Demon’s condition was not good, there were times where a Gu Master’s strength fluctuated.


 Like now, the conclusion had already been decided, being surrounded by Hei tribe heavily, Dong Fang tribe’s warriors had low morale, Wind Demon was affected too.


 Seeing his rival of equal strength suppressed by himself, Water Demon shouted in joy as he attacked even more fiercely.


 The general was the courage of the soldiers, seeing this, Hei tribe army’s morale surged, as Dong Fang alliance army sank into silence on the defense wall.


 In the main tent, Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily as he sent another rank four expert into battle.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang sent a person to deal with him.


 But the battle between these two Gu Masters was not as intense as the battle between demons.


 Not only was the commotion smaller, they even talked in the middle of battle, talking about their ancestor’s time and their alliance marriage.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang’s expression became uglier as Hei Lou Lan’s smile became deeper.


 Dong Fang alliance army had low morale, the troops had lost their sense of belonging. All the forces in the alliance were starting to find a way out of their predicament.


 Hei tribe army’s morale was high, all the rank four experts requested to battle.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed as he approved all their requests.


 Quickly, before the two armies, twelve battle rings were created.


 "I am Pan Ping, who will battle me?" Pan Ping carried a fierce aura as he became the thirteenth person to enter the battlefield after getting Hei Lou Lan’s permission.


 Dong Fang Yu Liang was silent.


 By now, the rank four experts under him had mostly perished. Many experts were worried for the present and future, they were no longer giving it their all, but instead hiding their strength.


 Although when the alliance was made, all the leaders and experts used the poison bow Gu, the content of the vow was not strict, there were many loopholes that could be exploited.


 As the alliance leader, although they would want to tie the large tribes closely to them, other forces were not idiots. Thus the content of the poison vow had been passed down for numerous generations, created through many collective agreements.


 As Pan Ping requested for battle, Dong Fang Yu Liang found that he had no one to summon already.


 He thought about it before sending an order.


 "What? Dong Fang alliance leader is order my father to battle?!" In the camp behind the defense walls, Tang Fang saw this messenger and his expression turned ugly, his eyes almost blowing fire.


 In the earlier battle, in order to protect his tribesmen, Tang tribe leader was attacked by two Hei tribe Gu masters and suffered grave injuries. After that, he had been bedridden, he had not even recovered now.


 "This is the alliance leader’s orders, are you trying to defy it? I know your tribe leader is injured and bedridden. But there are so many bedridden tribe leaders, after getting the alliance leader’s orders, didn’t they participate too?" The messenger’s words were rigid as he looked at Tang Fang with disdain.


 "You!" Tang Fang was furious, shouting: "They are pretending to be injured, my father is truly heavily injured!"


 "Alright, son, enough. As the Tang tribe leader, I have to participate in this battle." At this time, the pale Tang tribe leader walked out.


 "Hmph, as long as you obey the orders." Dong Fang tribe’s messenger snorted as he walked away.


 "But father, your body..." Tang Fang was extremely worried.


 "No matter." Tang tribe leader patted his son’s shoulders: "I have been recuperating these days, my injures are mostly healed. Today’s battle might be the last. If I do not participate, it would be detrimental to our tribe, and our reputation."


 Tang Fang gritted his teeth: "Then you have to be careful father, sister is still with them, if there is a chance..."


 "Mm, I will do my best." Tang tribe leader frowned as he walked out of the tent.


 He came to the defense walls as he met Dong Fang Yu Liang, before going to the battlefield, starting the battle with Pan Ping.


 Tang Fang stood at the edge of the wall, staring at his father.


 "Young tribe leader, we will be fine. Although lord tribe leader still has some poison in him, today’s battle is different, everyone will not go all out." A Tang tribe elder consoled.


 Tang Fang looked at his father battling on par with Pan Ping, with neither giving it their all, and the worry in his heart dissipated.


 But at this moment, Pan Ping burst out and drew the scimitar by his waist.


 Everyone saw a bright white light flash past quickly.


 The next moment, Tang tribe leader was beheaded!


 "Ah, father!" Tang Fang was stunned before crying out painfully.


 This had occurred too suddenly, both sides were shocked for a few breaths’ time before starting to discuss fervently.


 "Tang tribe leader Tang You has been taken down by me Pan Ping!" Pan Ping’s eyes were shining with a bloodthirsty light as he raised Tang tribe leader’s head and shouted.


 Tang Fang’s vision turned dark as he fainted on the spot.


 "What was that?"


 "I only saw a flash of light, it was too fast! I could not see anything clearly."


 "I wonder what Gu or killer move Pan Ping used?"


 Pan Ping killed an expert on the same level as him, he gained great fame as even the resting Fang Yuan opened his eyes slightly to give him a glance.


 Northern plains was huge, it was a land of battles. Countless wars and battles created numerous experts. These experts might have some unknown trump cards that they had been hiding forever.


 Although Pan Ping was a rank four Gu Master, his reputation was not very high, among the rank four Gu Master, he was not outstanding. But after this battle, he rose to fame by stepping on Tang tribe leader’s corpse.


 Pan Ping’s expression was shining like flowers as he returned victorious.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed loudly, ordering his men to bring his wine cup and gave the delicious wine to Pan Ping as a reward.


 "Thank you lord alliance leader for the reward!" Pan Ping stood in the main tent, drinking the wine in one pulp, his gaze was full of anticipation as his expression was lively.


 He got this Gu by accident. Once, there was a market set up by a few tribes, he saw this scimitar and thought it was beautiful, thus he bought it out of interest.


 But to think that when he was toying with it, he found the secret in this scimitar.


 On the blade of this scimitar, there was a cold light. This cold light was actually a mysterious Gu worm.


 Pan Ping spent a lot of effort before finally refining this Gu. Although he did not know the name of this Gu, it had executed many strong foes for him, it had an extremely sharp attack.


 He had great expectations for this Imperial Court contest.


 Originally, during Hei tribe and Dong Fang army’s first battle, he had requested to be the first to battle. At that time, he was planning on using this Gu to slay a strong enemy, gaining fame immediately.


 But Tang Miao Ming called out the Wolf King Chang Shan Yin and challenged him, it obstructed his plans.


 What’s worse was, Fang Yuan did not go with the norm, he attacked directly and skipped the challenge, directly causing the war between both sides.


 The chance that Pan Ping was looking for was gone like that. Although there were battles later, it was not the environment that Pan Ping was hoping for.


 "But today’s battle was a huge chance, Tang tribe leader, Tang You, is an established character. After this battle, my status will rise and I would become Hei tribe’s number one general. After all, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu had greater reputation, but he had not taken down Wind Demon yet. As for Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, he is an enslavement path Gu Master, there is no point competing with him..."


 Pan Ping looked around, feeling that everyone’s gaze towards him had changed, the happiness in his heart rose again.


 "This is the feeling of a top dog 1 . Hehe, one day, I, Pan Ping, will have my name resound all over Northern Plains!" He shouted in his heart.



***
Chapter 519: Just a game


***





 Chapter 519: Just a game


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Ni Yu blessed land.


 A long jade-layered walkway led the way along the lake surface towards a pavilion.


 Outside the pavilion, there was a light rain and soothing wind.


 Different from the outside world, the rain here fell from bottom to top. The name of Ni Yu 1 , came from this.


 After the female Gu immortal Tan Bi Ya, there was a new guest in the blessed land.


 "Junior Hei Bai pays respect to senior Dong Fang." The person who came looked like an ordinary middle aged man, but he was a true rank six Gu Immortal.


 "It has been seventy years since we last met. Back then, you were still Hei tribe leader, a step away from entering the Imperial Court."


 Hei Bai stood on the stone bench, bowing slightly: "I am ashamed, back then I was greatly supported by my tribe, but I lost by one move and Liu tribe emerged victorious."


 "Hehehe." Dong Fang Chang Fan laughed: "That’s right, the Liu tribe leader back then, Liu Yi Feng, had unprecedented talent, he was a genius barely seen in a hundred years."


 "Senior has good memory, junior is full of admiration."


 Dong Fang Chang Fan shook his head: "Us wisdom path Gu Masters will always collect every single information we can get in order to make our deductions. Although Liu Yi Feng was glaringly talented, he failed when charging towards Gu Immortal realm. Among the people of that generation, the one who remained standing at the end was you, commonly known as ’Hei tribe rockman’."


 "Senior is too kind, this junior was lucky."


 "No need to put yourself down, becoming a Gu Immortal is as hard as ascending to heaven, out of ten thousand rank five Gu Masters, not even one might succeed. Sigh, to speak the truth, I have observed many juniors these years, and now my hopes are on this child." Dong Fang Chang Fan pointed with his right index finger, and a colorful smoke rose from the stone bench, reflecting the real-time battle situation in northern plains, Cao Fu.


 Coincidentally, the two Gu Immortals saw Pan Ping flash his scimitar as he beheaded Tang tribe leader.


 Hei Bai frowned, lightly gasping: "This is interesting, if I did not see wrongly, this is the sole blade Gu. Sole blade Gu is unique, once activated, it can ignore all defenses of the same level. This was created by the Gu Immortal Blade Demon, it has a strange form, merely a flash of blade light, and has to be kept on a blade. This Gu eats blades as food, and the blade it resides in will gradually shrink and turn into dust."


 Dong Fang Chang Fan nodded: "That’s right, sole blade Gu can reach rank six at most. Back then, Blade Demon used the rank six sole blade Gu to hold his own, no one dared to trifle with him. But eventually, he lost to Butterfly Sword Immortal. Blade Demon died in battle, and his blessed land was consumed by Butterfly Sword Immortal. The recipe of sole blade Gu was not passed down, but now there are still many sole blade Gu in the mortal realm, these were handed out when Blade Demon disguised as a mortal and travelled the world back then. It seems this lucky lad obtained one of the gifts from Blade Demon back then."


 "Senior is wise, I have learnt much today." Hei Bai said with admiration.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was a famous wisdom path Gu Immortal in northern plains, he had glorious battle results his whole life, numerous Gu Immortal suffered from his schemes.


 When he was born, Dong Fang tribe was already declining like the setting sun. When he became a Gu Immortal, he single handedly held them up as he made many schemes against his enemies, he had great methods and eventually caused Dong Fang tribe to rise up again.


 He was a rank seven Gu Immortal, a great power in northern plains undoubtedly, and the pillar of support for Dong Fang tribe.


 But now, his lifespan was at its end, he was eager to leave his inheritance. In the past, Dong Fang Chang Fan had high expectations, and many did not meet his requirements. Now, Dong Fang Yu Liang might not have met all his expectations, but he was the best candidate out of them all.


 Lifespan Gu were hard to find, even for Dong Fang tribe which was a super tribe, one of the largest force in northern plains.


 Of course, a part of the reason was that the righteous path Gu Immortal secretly colluded to restrict the selling of lifespan Gu to Dong Fang Chang Fan. Similarly, demonic Gu Immortals who were schemed against by Dong Fang Chang Fan hated him to the bones.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan schemed against numerous people, but at the end of his life, he was ganged up on collectively by his enemies.


 He was clear about this, he had offended too many Gu Immortals. Even the righteous path did not want to see him live longer.


 Hei Bai understood, this meeting with Dong Fang Chang Fan would be the last time he could see this legendary Gu Immortal in northern plains.


 The rainbow smoke on the stone bench displayed the battle situation perfectly, showing it to them without any lack of clarity.


 Dong Fang army, while already weaker in terms of power, got into an even worse situation after Tang tribe leader was killed by Pan Ping.


 Eventually, Dong Fang Yu Liang challenged Hei Lou Lan, entering the battle himself.


 He wanted to use his own strength to fight for a bit of chance and hope.


 But eventually, he could not emerge victorious as he and Hei Lou Lan ended in a draw.


 When night descended, Hei Lou Lan ordered a collective attack.


 At night, night wolves surge in battle strength. The wolf tide came waves after waves, under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, they broke through Dong Fang army’s final line of defense.


 Dong Fang army had low morale and the troops were not united, even though Dong Fang Yu Liang made many preparations, the defensive line only lasted for seven minutes before being taken down.


 Helpless, Dong Fang Yu Liang could only surrender.


 At this point, Hei tribe and Dong Fang tribe’s battle ended, as Hei Lou Lan and Dong Fang Yu Liang’s personal grudge ended in Hei Lou Lan’s victory.


 "This young man, Dong Fang Yu Liang, has few flaws, except that he cares too much for his sister. In order to protect her safety, he made a portion of the troops stay at the back to protect his sister. Thus, Dong Fang army became far weaker than Hei tribe, even though they were already disadvantaged to begin with. If not for this, the first battle’s victory might not have been like this. Hehehe, this is embarrassing to show you, Hei Bai."


 Dong Fang Chang Fan smile lightly at this rainbow smoke.


 After Hei tribe army stabilized the battle situation, they entered the camp and starting to take over captives and clean up the battlefield.


 "Winning and losing is part of battle, if we failed this time, there is always next time. In my opinion, Dong Fang Yu Liang is already very outstanding. He preserved the strength of his tribe well, he did it even better than I would. His affection and protective nature towards this tribe is very precious." Hei Bai said.


 "That’s right." Dong Fang Chang Fan’s tone was rueful: "So be it if other tribe members die, but we are all descendants of Ancestor Giant Sun. Back then when ancestor set up the Imperial Court, he had one motive, that was to weaken other tribes and preserve our bloodline. Unfortunately, even a grand existence like Giant Sun Immortal Venerable passed away when his lifespan was expended. In this world, what can truly be immortal and indestructible..."


 Hei Bai did not speak, he only listened silently.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan soothed his emotions, laughing softly as he stretched out his palm towards Hei Bai: "Alright, let’s get to business."


 "Yes." Hei Bai took out a list from his storage Gu and handed it over to Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 There was a great amount of content on the list, there was a huge amount of resources listed.


 Dong Fang tribe lost in this Imperial Court contest, and became Hei tribe’s captive. According to Giang Sun Immortal Venerable’s rules, Dong Fang tribe could pay a certain amount of resources to redeem themselves.


 Dong Fang tribe and Hei tribe were super tribes, they had more than one Gu Immortal.


 The contest between two giant forces, this ’Imperial Court contest’ was merely a game. Most importantly, these battles would weaken other tribes and expand one’s own tribe, recruiting and choosing new talents.


 This grand scheme engulfing all of northern plains was naturally not created by Dong Fang tribe or Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals. It was created by one of the ten supreme invincible beings, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan received the list and started browsing through.


 The resources on this list were not only a great amount, there were also many aspects that it touched on, like some specialty Gu worms that only Dong Fang tribe had, or some newly created Gu recipes.


 But Dong Fang Chang Fan did not show any indignance, he nodded lightly and agreed: "Winner takes all, since we failed, a small price is but fair, we will go with this."


 Loser pays the price, this was the rule that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable set.


 In history, there were some times when tribes were unwilling to pay this price, but they all ended up being wiped out.


 But now, not a single tribe dared to violate the rule.


 This was the rule of northern plains’ righteous path, if any tribe refused to obey it, they would be ostracized, and become the target of all others.


 A giant light ring suddenly appeared in the night sky of the battlefield.


 After the light ring stabilized, a giant light door of about 60 meters was formed.


 The light shone across a thousand li, as it opened, a jade light path was formed.


 From the door, a young female Gu Master walked out. She held a token as she landed before Hei Lou Lan under everyone’s gaze.


 "I am the envoy, I am here to bring back Dong Fang tribe." She said expressionlessly with a cold tone.


 The two finished their business on the spot.


 After checking the battle reparation, Hei Lou Lan’s brows were uplifted, he had earned a fortune! Using so much resources, he could equip more Gu Masters and especially the tribes that surrendered, after taking them in, his military strength would surge by at least fifty percent of the original!


 "We will meet again." Since the results were decided, Dong Fang Yu Liang had no lingering emotions, he bid farewell to Hei Lou Lan calmly and led his tribesmen on the light road, entering the door.


 Because they absorbed a lot of tribes, Dong Fang tribe’s size expanded by thirty percent.


 "How great, even if they lost, they can still hide from the blizzard inside the blessed land!"


 "There’s no choice, they are a super clan, there are Gu Immortals shielding them."


 "Alright, concentrate, it is a turning point for us after submitting to Hei tribe. As long as we win a few battles, our losses would be recuperated. If we are fortunate enough to enter Imperial Court blessed land and obtain those inheritances, we would have a chance of striking it rich!"


 Everyone looked at the light ring on the air as they discussed.


 Fang Yuan watched this silently.


 This ten year blizzard involves the entire northern plains, causing numerous homes to be destroyed and countless people to rise up from battle. It was a contest of the top predators, a game that they engage in together.


 Some people immerse themselves in it and chase after fame. Some cry and grief, feeling extreme pain. As for Fang Yuan, as a person within this giant game, he would watch coldly as he make his own plans.


 Hehe.


 Such is life.


 The law of the jungle, it is truly fantastic!



***
Chapter 520: Stealing Shoes (1\/2)


***





 Chapter 520: Stealing Shoes (1/2)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the camp, there was silence.


 On a bright red table, books were stacked highly into a pile.


 At times, wind would blow through the window and carry the fragrance of the grass with it, as it flips the top few pages of the documents.


 It was a bright and sunny day outside, at times, sounds of battle horses or hump wolves could be heard from far away.


 This in fact, intensified the silence in the camp.


 As Ma tribe’s young tribe leader, Ma Ying Jie was sitting on his cushion as he lowered his head, helping his father settle the administrative matters of the alliance army.


 Ever since Ma tribe unleashed a sneak attack and exterminated Fei tribe, their largest obstacle in the heroes assembly had been removed.


 Thereafter, at Tian Chuan heroes assembly, Ma tribe suppressed Cheng tribe to become the alliance leader. After taking the poison vow, Ma tribe’s military force rose to six hundred thousand, they were at the peak of their strength.


 After that, Ma tribe ventured west, going southwest from Tian Chuan. Along the way, they found beast groups or stubborn forces to train their troops, sharpening their battle strength. Because of the continuous battles and the absorption of defeated tribes, they expanded once more and their morale was surging.


 Right now, Ma tribe had arrived at mirror lake and found an equal — Song tribe alliance army.


 At the moment, Ma tribe was building their first line of defense.


 "Report!" At this moment, the investigative Gu Master from outside the tent reported.


 Ma Ying Jie’s eyes shone with brilliance, he knew that this would definitely be some important military information, thus, he placed down his documents and called: "Come in."


 The exhausted investigative Gu Master heard the call and was about to enter, but the guard outside stopped him: "Do you know the rules? Change your shoes, don’t dirty the carpet inside."


 The investigative Gu Master apologised profusely, after changing his shoes, he entered the tent. Upon seeing Ma Ying Jie, he kneeled down on one knee: "Subordinate greets young tribe leader. I have brought important information regarding Yu Tian."


 He reported a summary of the events that happened, and after Ma Ying Jie made some inquiries, about fifteen minutes later, he left.


 "Hei tribe defeated Dong Fang tribe, that is the first crucial victory they had." Ma Ying Jie’s heart was slightly heavy.


 The Imperial Court contest had occurred for many times, at his level, he was already clear of the rules of this game.


 He knew the importance of victory, after Hei tribe defeated Dong Fang tribe, they would receive a huge amount of compensation. These compensation would include Dong Fang tribe’s newest Gu recipes, as well as an ocean of battle resources. As long as they make good use of these gains, and take in the captives, Hei tribe army’s battle strength would rise by five times!


 "In all the past Imperial Court contests, the first battle is the most crucial. Once the first fight is won, the foundations would be earned. Those who lost the first fight would almost certainly be eliminated, very few could reverse the situation. Hei tribe has already won their first battle, while we Ma tribe and Song tribe are still at a stalemate..."


 Fei Cai carefully came to the tent entrance, trying not to make any noise.


 The two guarding Gu Masters gave him a look before diverting their gaze.


 After Fei tribe was wiped out, the blur Fei Cai was chosen by Ma Ying Jie and luckily became his personal servant, avoiding the terrible fates of his tribesmen.


 His daily job was to manage the shoes outside the tent.


 Ma Ying Jie was a clean freak, every guest that entered his tent would need to change their shoes, so as to not dirty his elegant and beautiful carpet.


 After every guest wears the shoes provided, Fei Cai would need to wash it before placing it back in.


 But this time, it was different.


 Fei Cai held the shoes worn by the investigative Gu Master and hesitated for a moment before stuffing the other pair of shoes in front of his chest.


 No one noticed this tiny action of his, Fei Cai managed to leave without any problems, and after ten tents, he came to the water pond.


 He squatted beside the pond as he started washing the worn shoes, he was extremely focused and did not even notice that there was one person behind him.


 "Hey, big dummy, why are you so serious in washing shoes!" A small hand patted Fei Cai’s shoulders roughly.


 Fei Cai was shocked, turning around, he saw a girl that resembled jade with pinkish skin, and a pair of crystal clear eyes. It was Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun used her ’tiger-wolf-sheep’ analogy and conceived Zhao tribe leader to leave, after some hurdles, they arrived at Ma tribe camp without casualties, and was welcomed by Ma tribe leader.


 Zhao tribe managed to join Ma tribe army and was highly regarded by Ma tribe higher-ups and received warm hospitality.


 "It is you, Lady Xiao Yun." Fei Cai saw Zhao Lian Yun and showed an innocent smile. After his father was killed, he sunk into endless grief. By chance, he became Ma Ying Jie’s personal servant, and was ostracized by the old servants, thus he did not have a single friend.


 After Zhao Lian Yun made fun of him many times, but he acknowledged her as his only friend. Thus when he saw her, he was overjoyed.


 "Lady Xiao Yun, I have something for you." Fei Cai lowered his volume, moving his head towards Zhao Lian Yun’s ears.


 Zhao Lian Yun pushed his head away, muttering unhappily: "Hey blockhead, don’t come so close, do you know that there should be prudency between sexes."


 Fei Cai almost fell into the water after being pushed, but he did not mind it, he secretly pulled his shirt and exposed the shoes that he were hiding, asking as if he was looking for praise: "Look, what is this?"


 Zhao Lian Yun gave him a look of disdain: "A pair of stinky shoes, they’ve obviously been worn before. Stupid blockhead, why are you so dumb, you actually gave me something like this. It doesn’t even fit me, and I wouldn’t wear this pair of stinky shoes anyway!"


 Fei Cai said: "Lady Xiao Yun, didn’t you say you were lacking primeval stones earlier. This pair of shoes is exquisite and beautiful, we can sell it in the black market and exchange it for primeval stones."


 Zhao Lian Yun’s brows lifted, looking at Fei Cai in another light: "Oh wow, blockhead, you actually thought of abusing your position and smuggling public property? Amazing, I never thought you would think of this. But how much can this pair of shoes sell for? My daily pocket money is ten times of the shoes. I appreciate it, but you should sell it. Change your tattered and dirty clothes."


 Fei Cai rubbed his nose, shaking his head: "No need, my clothes are still wearable. Actually, I did not think of this. Those old servants always do this, since there is a large number of shoes constantly worn by different Gu Masters, and lord young tribe leader loves cleanliness so much, he always changes the shoes together at set intervals."


 Zhao Lian Yun nodded.


 Snakes and rats have their own way of living. Servants might have low statuses, but they also have their own way of living.


 Especially someone like Fei Cai, although he is a servant and lost his freedom, he got close to Ma Ying Jie and was most likely the first person to receive information from Ma tribe higher-ups.


 Zhao tribe had entered Ma tribe’s army, Zhao Lian Yun purposely got close to Fei Cai because she also had the intentions of gathering intel.


 At this time, a commotion could be heard.


 "Where is Fei Cai? Get out here now!"


 "Fei Cai, you’re in trouble now, you dared to take young tribe leader’s shoes."


 "Young tribe leader wanted to walk around the camp, but realized his shoes were gone. Fei Cai, you are too daring, you are unforgivable!"


 A bunch of old servants shouted arrogantly, coming out of the entrance as they searched for Fei Cai’s whereabouts.


 Fei cai’s expression paled: "Oh no, I have been discovered. Lady Xiao Yun, quickly leave, this has nothing to do with you. I cannot implicate you, I will go ask for forgiveness from young tribe leader."


 "Forgiveness my ass!" Zhao Lian Yun shouted, her expression turning ugly: "You fool, you have been plotted against and you don’t even know it! Quickly follow me and run."


 "Ah?" Fei Cai had no idea what’s going on, but as Zhao Lian Yun pulled him, they entered a narrow alley.


 "Damn it, this path has been blocked off." Zhao Lian Yun relied on her familiarity of the area and brought Fei Cai around, finding four exits, but three were blocked.


 "Lady Xiao Yun, quickly go, it will be too late otherwise!" Fei Cai was getting dizzy from moving around, he had lost his sense of direction. He was anxious as he did not want to get his only friend into trouble.


 Zhao Lian Yun stomped her feet in anger, howling in her heart: "Was it easy for me to find an insider to provide information?! In this day and age, where can I find such a dummy like Fei Cai? These old servants are all shrewd snakes, they will request for money when I want a bit of information, and they would even give half-truth information. Hmph! They are jealous of this newcomer Fei Cai and wants to get rid of him. As expected, any place with humans will have conflicts, and thus schemes. No way! I cannot take this lying down, you are courting death if you want to harm my informant!"


 Zhao Lian Yun’s expression was full of uncertainty as she tried her best to think of a solution, while the old servants’ voices could be heard.


 "He’s not here, I’ve searched the water pond, he’s not there either!"


 "Did he leave?"


 "How can that be, we were following him, I’m sure he came here."


 "We have not searched there yet, go."


 Hearing the old servants’ footsteps, Zhao Lian Yun thought of a solution amidst the anxiety.


 "Big dummy, you are truly lucky, I just bought some silk from the market." Zhao Lian Yun said as she took out some high grade silk from her pockets.


 This silk was meant to be made into clothes for her.


 "Big dummy, listen to my instructions and do as I say, this might benefit you greatly!" Zhao Lian Yun placed the silk into Fei Cai’s hands.


 "Ah?" Fei Cai was dumbstruck.


 Zhao Lian Yun quickly told him about her plans.


 After a dozen breaths’ time, Fei Cai walked out and was discovered by the servants.


 They were overjoyed, encircling him as Fei Cai clenched his fists, beating them to a pulp like he was crazy.


 "He’s revolting, revolting, this dog slave dared to attack us seniors!"


 "Fei Cai, you are in huge trouble, young tribe leader is looking for you, we came to arrest you but you dared to resist!"


 Fei Cai shouted: "Young tribe leader is looking for me, I will go on my own. Don’t touch me with your filthy hands you lowly scum!"



***
Chapter 521: Stealing Shoes (2\/2)


***





 Chapter 521: Stealing Shoes (2/2)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The slaves were old while Fei Cai was acting like a crazed man; for the moment, the slaves could only surround Fei Cai without daring to go forward.


 Fei Cai stared with wide, furious eyes as he kicked an old slave in front of him: "Filthy bastard, I am going to pay respects to young tribe leader, don’t block my way."


 The old slaves felt ashamed and furious, sinister glint flashed past their eyes but they still did not dare to go forward.


 They had already noticed a bulge in Fei Cai’s clothes. Many sneered in disdain in their hearts: ’ This stupid kid really has the courage to steal! It doesn’t matter if he stole shoes, but he actually stole the young tribe leader’s shoes, hahaha, his luck is truly bad. I originally wanted him to be relocated to cleaning the latrine, but now this kid might even lose his little life. Serves him right! Is it so easy to become young tribe leader’s personal servant?’


 Fei Cai walked towards young tribe leader’s tent while being surrounded by the old slaves.


 The two Gu Masters guarding the tent saw Fei Cai and looked at him as if he was a dead person.


 Ma Ying Jie stood at the entrance of the tent with a solemn expression. He had been tired of handling the various affairs and wanted to take a walk outside, but he found that his shoes had disappeared.


 He called for his old personal servant, and the old slave told him the shoes were very possibly stolen by the new young slave to possibly sell them for money. The old slave also informed Ma Ying Jie that this was not the first time Fei Cai had stolen.


 Ma Ying Jie was naturally furious. He had never expected that his kindness would bring in a thief.


 Fei Cai was extremely anxious with panic already filling his mind, but he firmly remembered Zhao Lian Yun’s instructions, and walked towards Ma Ying Jie with his head high like a valiant hero.


 Ma Ying Jie was secretly amazed at this sight.


 Those old slaves that were following Fei Cai to keep an eye on him, instead looked like they were escorting him. More importantly, Fei Cai did not appear panicked, was it not him who stole the shoes?


 Unwittingly, the fury in Ma Ying Jie was replaced by curiosity and doubts.


 "Subordinate greets young tribe leader." Fei Cai kneeled on the ground and greeted with a clear voice.


 Ma Ying Jie looked at Fei Cai and shouted in an displeased voice: "My shoes, did you steal them?"


 "I would never dare to steal lord’s shoes even if I had a hundred guts." Fei Cai denied flatly.


 "He is lying, his clothes are bulging, he has something there, we will know once we look at it!" The old slaves immediately shouted from behind.


 Fei Cai snorted and opened his shirt, revealing a ball of snowy-white, high grade silk.


 He carefully took out the silk and opened it, revealing the shoes inside.


 Ma Ying Jie looked at this pair of shoes and knew it was the pair which he wore, and he couldn’t help but coldly smiled: "Great, great, the proof is here, a thief having such confidence is really hard to come by."


 "I implore young tribe leader to investigate clearly." Fei Cai did not refute and placed the shoes on the ground respectfully. He then placed his forehead on the ground like he was willing to take on any punishment.


 "Lord young tribe leader, there is clear evidence, please punish this vile bastard fiercely!"


 "Yes, he actually dared to steal young tribe leader’s shoes. He might steal many more things later on."


 "He is such a thief, we should just cut off his hands!"


 The old slaves continued to speak extremely sinister words; Fei Cai’s heart trembled but remembering Zhao Lian Yun’s words, he did not retort.


 This scene caused Ma Ying Jie to be somewhat interested.


 Killing a slave was nothing, but Ma Ying Jie had always praised himself as ’wise and benevolent’ to restrict himself so that when he took over the tribe in the future, he could become a wise ruler of the generation.


 Especially now that Ma tribe had become the head of a huge army, their every move was being paid attention to by others. Rashly killing a slave just because of a small matter like stealing shoes, would it not be spread as brutal?


 Ma Ying Jie had such misgivings in his heart.


 A good reputation was easy to build but difficult to maintain.


 Thereupon, he asked: "I have always dealt with things fairly. Fei Cai, I will give you a chance to explain yourself."


 Fei Cai immediately let out a breath of relief, he had been waiting for these words just like Zhao Lian Yun instructed him. This gave him a huge confidence and he decided he would reply exactly according to Zhao Lian Yun’s instructions.


 "My father died because of the internal strife in the tribe, so young tribe leader obliterating Fei tribe can be said to have taken revenge for me. Young tribe leader is so wise and benevolent, how could I do a thing like returning benevolence with enmity?"


 When Ma Ying Jie heard the words ’wise and benevolent’, his mood immediately took a turn for the better as he asked in a gentle voice: "Hmm, then do you have some ulterior motives?"


 Fei Cai, however, shook his head: "No ulterior motives, it is just that I wanted to repay young tribe leader. But what can I do? I am only a mortal, I have no ways to break through the enemy defense lines for young tribe leader. I am very stupid, I cannot bring forward any plans to young tribe leader. I am only your personal servant who can only clean shoes and place them properly. I thought in young tribe leader’s place — these shoes have been put outside for so long that young tribe leader’s feet might become cold when you wear them, right? So I used all my savings to buy this real silk to cover young tribe leader’s shoes and held it in my clothes. With this, young tribe leader won’t feel cold when you wear them."


 "Eh? So it was like that!" Ma Ying Jie was greatly surprised.


 He was obsessed with cleanliness and if Fei Cai had directly held the shoes in his clothes, he would instead be disgusted.


 But covering the shoes with silk was different.


 Moreover this was a genuine high grade silk. There should not be anyone who used such materials to cover shoes, right?


 ’This Fei Cai is really a good servant, he is actually so considerate.’ Ma Ying Jie’s thoughts moved and the gaze he looked at Fei Cai quietly changed.


 If what Fei Cai said was true, his devotion was really overwhelming!


 At this moment, Fei Cai suddenly kowtowed: "Young tribe leader, I have sinned!"


 "Eh? What sin have you committed?" Ma Ying Jie looked at Fei Cai with a clear smile on his face.


 Fei Cai replied: "I only thought of keeping the shoes warm for young tribe leader, but forgot it would be extremely inconvenient for you when you go out. I have sinned, please punish me!"


 Ma Ying Jie heaved a sigh: "It is not like I only have one pair of shoes, but because I saw that the pair I usually wore had disappeared, I called you over. It is fortunate, I nearly blamed my loyal servant."


 "Lord young tribe leader, don’t listen to his words!"


 "Lord young tribe leader, this kid is deceiving you, he is very crafty and is lying to you!!"


 The old slaves experienced a reversal of fortune when they saw the normally stupid Fei Cai speak with such a glib tongue, and thus they began to hurriedly shout.


 Fei Cai spoke again at this moment: "Young tribe leader, please inspect clearly. There is indeed a matter of stealing shoes, but I have never done it. Instead, it was these old slaves who did it many times. After I was appointed to this post, these old slaves incited me many times, but I never listened, thus they resent me. I am not afraid of being investigated and also not afraid of punishment. I earnestly request young tribe leader to investigate clearly and give me justice!"


 Fei Cai was naturally not afraid of investigation as this was the first time he had stolen shoes!


 He had heard the old slaves ’carelessly’ speaking that a pair of the finest shoes could sell for a high price.


 Fei Cai was ignorant; he had followed the young tribe leader for so long but had not paid attention to the look of the shoes young tribe leader wore, and thus was easily plotted against by the old slaves.


 Fortunately, he met a crucial person during the crucial time. Zhao Lian Yun became his savior, and under her instructions, Fei Cai made a comeback and averted danger.


 When the old slaves heard the request for investigation, their face turned as pale as paper.


 Gu Masters had plenty of methods and could easily get to the bottom of this trivial affair.


 These old slaves were already regretting their actions, never having expected for them to be the ones landing in deep trouble!


 Ma Ying Jie noticed the change in the expressions of the old slaves, and became seventy-eighty percent convinced in Fei Cai. But since his resolve was to become a ’wise ruler’, he naturally could not rashly decide based on his thoughts.


 Immediately, he summoned an investigative Gu Master and commanded him to get to the bottom of this affair.


 Receiving Ma Ying Jie’s personal order, the investigative Gu Master investigated enthusiastically. In only five minutes of time, the truth of the matter was brought to light.


 As the facts were disclosed, the old slaves kneeled on the ground and began weeping and howling with their bodies trembling in fear, asking the young tribe leader to forgive them.


 Ma Ying Jie snorted: "Fawning upon your superiors and bullying your subordinates, you slaves actually dared to deceive me! You should all be put to death, but considering the many years you have served me, and that some of you even having served me since I was a child and also served my subordinates, I will forgive your cheap lives and send you to the supply camp to serve my army. Clean the faeces and latrine!"


 "Thank you young tribe leader for showing mercy!" The old slaves kowtowed like they were pounding garlic, extremely thankful for this.


 "As for you..." Ma Ying Jie looked at Fei Cai and smiled playfully, "You dared to steal my shoes, you truly are extremely daring! From now on, you shall be punished to be the head of the slaves and redeem yourself by serving me properly!"


 Fei Cai was stumped for a long time before he came to his senses; Ma Ying Jie’s punishment was actually a promotion!


 He immediately kowtowed and expressed his thanks.


 Ma Ying Jie laughed heartily and waved his hand: "Alright, now get lost, think properly on the ways to serve me!"


 "Yes, my lord." Fei Cai left with a dazed expression the whole way.


 Only after a long while did he become clear, he had profited from the disaster and became the head of the slaves!


 "This is all thanks to Lady Xiao Yun... ah, right, Lady Xiao Yun told me to report to her quickly if everything went alright." Fei Cai shook his head and promptly change direction towards the secret place.


 "What, you actually became the head of the slaves?" Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes involuntarily widened when she heard this news, and looked at Fei Cai with surprise.


 Her plan might have been ingenious but also carried risks in that it depended completely on Ma Ying Jie’s mood.


 If Ma Ying Jie was in a bad mood, he would only need to issue a death command and Fei Cai would be done for. But clearly, this big dummy was quite lucky and not only were there no accidents, he even got appointed as the head of the slaves.



***
Chapter 522: Rank Five Amplify Effect Gu


***





 Chapter 522: Rank Five Amplify Effect Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Although servants were servants, the one tasked to take care of Ma tribe’s young tribe leader was definitely a crucial person that was closely related to the tribe in many ways. Having such a role, if the low rank Gu Masters want to find out information about the higher-ups, they would need to go through the servant leader.


 "What a huge profit, he became the servant leader, I am truly a genius!" Zhao Lian Yun laughed furiously in her heart, she did not waste her efforts after all.


 She stared at Fei Cai with shining eyes, saying gently: "Big dummy, after you become the servant leader, you have to work hard."


 Fei Cai shuddered at once, replying truthfully: "Lady Xiao Yun, I don’t know why, but that tone of yours made me really nervous."


 Zhao Lian Yun immediately changed her expression, kicking Fei Cai’s leg as she screamed: "You idiot, now that you are the servant leader, your situation is more precarious than before. I wonder how many people will target you, and among them, there might even be vile and evil Gu Masters."


 Fei Cai was shocked: "Then what should I do?"


 "Hmph, you’re lucky to have a friend like me. As long as you listen to what I say, I assure you, you will live blissfully." Zhao Lian Yun stretched out her hand, wanting to pat Fei Cai’s shoulders, but found out that she was too short.


 She immediately opened her mouth: "Quick, squat down now."


 Fei Cai squatted down obediently, and Zhao Lian Yun succeeded in patting his shoulder, she nodded her tiny head in satisfaction, speaking in an old and experienced tone: "Do you know what to do next?"


 Fei Cai naturally shook his head.


 "Hmph, you idiot." Zhao Lian Yun snorted: "Since you are the servant leader now, and those old servants have already been sent away, you have to recruit new subordinates first. Otherwise, how can you handle everything alone?"


 "Oh? You are extremely right!" Fei Cai realized at once, nodding in agreement.


 Zhao Lian Yun snorted again: "But just this is not enough. You need to learn about the young tribe leader’s likes, dislikes, and lifestyle habits. You have to ask those old servants for these information."


 "What? Ask them? Will they tell me?" Fei Cai stared with wide opened eyes.


 Zhao Lian Yun snickered: "You are now the servant leader, your status is different already. They are the lowest of slaves, I’m sure they are afraid of you taking revenge now. If you ask them, they are sure to tell you everything. Of course, if they do not know what is good for them, I have my ways of making them spill everything obediently!"


 "Oh."


 Zhao Lian Yun looked at Fei Cai’s blank expression and rolled her eyes uncontrollably.


 Her thoughts had already drifted far away: ’I am not a person of this world, hmph, there are simply too many ways to make these stinking men talk. As long as we learn about Ma Ying Jie’s habits and please him accordingly, Fei Cai’s current position would definitely be stable. Hehe...’


 Cao Fu, Hei tribe camp.


 All sorts of tents and Gu houses covered the wide grassland, as tribe flags fluttered in the wind, large numbers of Gu Masters entered and exited. If one looked from above, they would resemble a nest of ants.


 In the supply camp, Fang Yuan held the east window Gu as he checked the resources silently.


 The female Gu Master in charge of attending to him stayed focused as she stood at one side, waiting for Fang Yuan to make his decision at any moment.


 Ever since they received Dong Fang tribe’s reparations, the resources that could be exchanged for using battle merits had increased by more than ten times.


 Of course, among these resources, not all of them were the compensation from war, other than Hei tribe’s previous accumulation, there were also the resources offered by tribes who surrendered and joined the Hei tribe alliance army.


 Just a few days ago, Hei Lou Lan organised another alliance meeting, and ordered the newly joined tribe leaders to make the poison vow.


 To prevent the good things from being exchanged by others, once the resources were collated, Fang Yuan entered the supply camp at once.


 Even Shadow Sword Expert and others, after they joined Hei tribe army, could not affect Fang Yuan’s status of being second to only Hei Lou Lan.


 Fang Yuan had such authority, the others definitely had issues with it, but no one dared to reprimand him in public.


 "Oh? There’s a rank four self-reliance Gu?" Fang Yuan’s heart was moved, among these resources, he found the Gu that he had greatly desired.


 Self-reliance Gu was rather precious, Fang Yuan had a rank three version of it in Southern Border, but after coming to Northern Plains, it was suppressed to rank two. Fang Yuan did not have the relevant Gu recipe, he could not advance it further.


 Earlier, he had found a self-reliance Gu in Hei tribe’s resources, but it was rank two. Without a choice, he planned to collect the Gu recipe and use these two Gu as the foundation to refine the higher rank Gu.


 But this way, it would take eons for him to get a high rank self-reliance Gu. If his luck was bad and he failed the refinement several times, the duration would be prolonged further.


 Now, he found this rank four self-reliance Gu, without doubt, he had to get it!


 Other than rank four self-reliance Gu, he also found the rank four charging crash Gu. But he had already bought the rank three vertical charge and horizontal crash Gu earlier, and had succeeded in refining them into a rank four charging crash Gu.


 Diverting his attention from charging crash Gu, Fang Yuan found several good things, especially Dong Fang tribe’s unique Gu worms.


 Even with his five hundred years of experience, Fang Yuan was still very interested upon seeing these things.


 What attracted him the most was the refine essence spirit Gu.


 If it was categorised, this should be a healing Gu worm.


 Refine essence spirit Gu could convert the essence of a Gu Master’s physical flesh into a mysterious form of energy that could nurture and heal the soul.


 There were many Gu worms that could heal the soul, but this refine essence spirit Gu was far superior to its peers. Dong Fang Yu Liang had such a Gu worm, and it was a huge support to his wisdom path deductions.


 As for Fang Yuan, this Gu suited him even more.


 Different from Dong Fang Yu Liang, Fang Yuan was a dual enslavement and strength path cultivator, his body was strong and his mind was sharp, his soul often felt weakness and exhaustion from commanding the beast groups. The refine essence spirit Gu could be the perfect bridge between his two paths!


 Among the resources, other than refine essence spirit Gu, there was also the recipe for it, Fang Yuan took them all.


 According to rumors, this Gu recipe was especially created by Dong Fang tribe’s Gu Immortal Dong Fang Chang Fan in order to cultivate wisdom path. This meant that Dong Fang tribe had much greater attainments in wisdom path than others.


 After Fang Yuan obtains this recipe, as well as the refine essence spirit Gu, it would be the same as obtaining Dong Fang tribe’s experimental results for himself.


 Gu worms only need one thought from the Gu Master to self-detonate. If this was during normal times, it would not be so easy for Fang Yuan to obtain refine essence spirit Gu.


 The Imperial Court competition every ten years was not only a purification and refinement process to weed out the weak, it also assisted in the interactions between all the large forces.


 The way of Gu originated from the Immemorial Antiquity era, and Ren Zu was the first Gu Master who used Gu worms. After that, there was the Remote Antiquity era, Olden Antiquity era, Medieval Antiquity era, followed by the Late Antiquity era.


 Until today, the way of Gu prospered, in fact it was blooming all over the world, countless paths were created from all the eras like ripples in the river of time, numerous paths flourished at times while vanishing at others.


 But because of the harsh living environment, the concept of trading was not very popular with people, all the large forces liked to do their own research and treasured their findings, keeping it from others.


 Back then, one of the invincible venerables, Giant Sun, felt this and set up this huge arena. Because of the battle reparations, the Huang Jin family could pass on their learning throughout the ages, grasping the overlord position of Northern Plains throughout history without declining.


 After countless Imperial Court battles, Northern Plains became the publicly acclaimed strongest region out of the five in terms of fighting strength.


 "But if we look at total power, Central Continent is the strongest, followed by Northern Plains." Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories, he understood clearly the strength of the five regions.


 During the battle of the five regions, Northern Plains was the region which resisted Central Continent most fiercely. The other three regions, although having the same terrain advantage as Northern Plains, were suppressed fiercely by Central Continent.


 Only Northern Plains managed to organise troops to fight back, invading Central Continent in return.


 "Northern Plains has such great strength all thanks to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s setup. Because he used battles and war, while restricting it to a certain level, it allowed Northern Plains to hone the greatest fighting strength. Unfortunately, his plans were still too restricted, he only cared about his bloodline’s benefits. In contrast, Central Continent was strong due to their systemic reforms, it was an advantage that stemmed from their core."


 Fang Yuan came from Earth, he had a unique perspective, together with his five hundred years of experience, he had a clear understanding towards the true nature of society.


 "Eh, there are over a dozen amplify effect Gu?" Fang Yuan collected his scattered thoughts as he continued looking at the list, finding a new surprise.


 Amplify effect Gu was from the rule path, it was used to supplement other Gu worms, to amplify the effects of the chosen Gu worm.


 As for the amplification level, it would depend on the rank of the amplify effect Gu. The higher the rank, the greater the effect. Of course, the drawback was that the Gu Master’s primeval essence expenditure would be relatively higher.


 Amplify effect Gu was very popular among Gu Masters, because it could be used in any path.


 Fire path Gu Masters could use it, water path Gu Masters could use it, and for Fang Yuan, both his enslavement and strength paths could use amplify effect Gu.


 Among Hei tribe’s resources, there was only one rank five amplify effect Gu! There were also one rank four, three rank three, and the rest of the amplify effect Gu were rank two.


 Fang Yuan had to pick the best one, he chose the rank five amplify effect Gu, it would boost the effectiveness of a Gu worm by five times!


 But this way, a new problem occurred.


 "Lord Wolf King, you want to take so many Gu, your battle merits might not be enough..." The female Gu Master in charge reminded him as she chose her words carefully.


 "Ah, I know. After all one of the rank five Gu is amplify effect Gu. That refine essence spirit Gu is also Dong Fang tribe’s specialty Gu worm." Fang Yuan’s words were very understanding and accommodating.


 But his next sentence was not like this: "Never mind if I do not have enough battle merits, just credit another five hundred thousand."


 "Ah?" The female Gu Master was shocked, she carefully said: "Lord, you still owe around three hundred thousand of the previous five hundred thousand battle merits you borrowed. According to the rules, you have to pay them first before borrowing again."


 Fang Yuan raised his brows, saying nonchalantly: "So what, rules are made by men, since they can be made, they can be altered. I’ll borrow another five hundred thousand, no, eight hundred thousand! I will explain to Hei Lou Lan personally, now give me the goods!"



***
Chapter 523: Tai Bai Yun Sheng


***





 Chapter 523: Tai Bai Yun Sheng


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The weather was gradually starting to get cold and gales started blowing over the grassland causing the beast groups to become fretful.


 The aura of the ten year blizzard was already manifesting.


 And in the majestic northern plains, heroes were rising and vying for supremacy causing the flames of war to burn everywhere.


 Mirror lake.


 Ma tribe and Song tribe had officially started their battle.


 Both of them had erected three to four defense lines before starting this confrontation.


 In Ma tribe’s main tent, Ma tribe leader Ma Shang Feng was in the main seat looking with a heavy gaze at Song tribe’s dense battle formation that was surging battle intent; Ma tribe’s military force was stronger than theirs, but it would not be easy getting the victory.


 "Lord alliance leader, please send me out to challenge enemy general and raise our army’s prestige!"


 "Alliance leader, Fei Sheng requests to be sent to battle."


 "The first battle belongs to me, no one shall compete with me!"


 Gu Masters were very impatient and eager as they requested to be sent to battle one after another,


 Ma Shang Feng looked around him before hesitating at Fei Sheng and Cheng Hu.


 The two were both rank four Gu Masters. Fei Sheng cultivated wood path and had been taken in by Ma tribe after they annexed Fei tribe. Cheng Hu cultivation transformation path and came from Cheng tribe. Cheng tribe was subjugated by Ma tribe during heroes assembly and was now the second most influential force in Ma tribe army.


 Ma Shang Feng pondered and then smiled towards Cheng Hu: "Cheng Hu, you shall go first and stimulate my army’s morale."


 Cheng Hu was overjoyed as he hurriedly bowed and rushed towards the frontline.


 "Hah, I am Cheng Hu, who dares to approach their death?" Cheng Hu challenged loudly.


 "Arrogant! Let me Su Yi teach you a lesson!" A rank four expert flew out of Song tribe army.


 Cheng Hu did not say anything else but directly pounced towards the other person.


 Bam bam bam...


 The two were incomparably valiant and attacked with grand momentum. For a moment, the stronger and the weaker side could not be determined; the two continued to exchange moves, sending rocks, grass and mud flying around in their battle ring.


 The two armies concentrated on the battle with all their attention.


 Lower ranked Gu Masters felt their heart shaking, while the upper ranked Gu Master experts were fired up.


 Northern plains was filled with many brave heroes and the blood of warriors permeated the bones of their Gu Master!


 "Alliance leader, Fei Sheng requests to be sent to battle!" Fei Sheng shouted with a fierce glint in his eyes. He was a newly subjugated person and was filled with enthusiasm to show his loyalty.


 Ma Shang Feng nodded with a smile.


 Fei Sheng went to the battlefield and Song tribe army also sent their expert to battle him.


 The two had just exchanged three moves when at the other battle ring, Cheng Hu suddenly roared, his whole body giving off dazzling orange light.


 After the orange light dispersed, he had unexpectedly transformed into a striped tiger king, the size of an elephant!


 Cheng Hu was a transformation path Gu Master and could change parts of his body into a tiger tail, tiger claws, tiger skin and so on. The complete transformation was a killer move!


 This was also the superiority of transformation path — every transformation path Gu Master possessed at least one killer move as long as they collected the respective Gu worms!


 Su Yi turned pale with fright and started to retreat in panic.


 The tiger king pounced on him; Su Yi frantically activated his movement Gu and narrowly dodged this attack.


 The tiger king swung his tail without turning around; the tail lashed through the air like a steel whip, producing an explosive sound through the air.


 Su Yi quickly activated his defense Gu which created a light barrier over his whole body.


 But the tiger whip was very powerful and as it fell on the light barrier, the barrier was broken in an instant.


 The defense Gu died and Su Yi spurted out a large mouthful of blood due to the backlash. He hurriedly tried to retreat, but it was too late.


 An intense bloody wind pounced on his face and the next moment he only saw a huge tiger mouth shrouding over his head.


 Crack!


 The tiger king directly bit apart Su Yi’s head.


 Cheng Hu won, obtaining the first victory for Ma tribe!


 Song tribe’s higher ups were slightly moved while Ma tribe’s troops rejoiced.


 ’Victory! A great start means half the success! Today, my army will definitely win!’ In the main tent, Ma Ying Jie clenched his fists, an extraordinary light flashing past his eyes as his spirits roused to the limit.


 And on another battlefield...


 In the vast battlefield, one side was shouting in high spirits with their banners fluttering grandly in the air. While the other side’s army formation was shaking, their morale low and was already showing signs of defeat.


 "Alliance leader Luo, the enemy’s momentum is too fierce, we can’t hold them back!"


 "We need to retreat..."


 "A commander needs to be able to judge the situation properly. Right now, Liu tribe’s experts are like tigers, our army truly cannot match them."


 The several higher ranked Gu Masters shouted hurriedly, all of them panicked.


 Luo Bo Jun looked around him and smiled bitterly: "Retreat? Tell me, where can we still retreat to? This is already our last defense line. Sigh... forget it, since the battle with Liu Wen Wu started, which of our defense lines could hold for more than three days? They are way too strong, we might as well surrender!"


 In the first battle, Luo Bo Jun was heavily injured by Liu Wen Wu, Mo Shi Kuang and others; he had yet to recover from it.


 These days, Luo tribe army kept on being defeated again and again, no matter how much efforts he made, he was unable to reverse the situation. Now, as he completely realized the enormous gap between the two sides, he became disheartened and had already lost any intent to battle.


 The higher ranked Gu Masters let out a sigh of relief at this. Because of poison vow, they could not easily say it, but since Luo Bo Jun himself mentioned surrendering, there was no problem.


 The command to surrender was quickly spread and the battle also soon calmed down.


 "Hahaha, didn’t I say it, as long as we three brothers join hands, we can rule the world!" Mo Shi Kuang laughed heartily, extremely proud of himself.


 Liu Wen Wu also laughed, his heart filled with huge joy.


 Liu tribe alliance had won their first battle!


 Now, they would annex the enemy army, take in the captives and increase their strength before continuing forward!


 ...


 Meng Qiu.


 The leopard group hissed and growled as they fought a bloody battle with rat group.


 The great army of Gu Masters of the both sides instead became a background.


 Nu Er Tu held his hands behind his back with his head high; mutated leopards moved beside him, showing their dignity and prestige.


 By contrast, his opponent Jiang Bao Ya - who was publicly proclaimed as one of the enslavement path masters of northern plains - was sweating greatly and was as pale as paper.


 "Jiang Bao Ya, you have already lost. Do you know how you lost? Your rat group’s scale is too large, reaching six hundred and fifty thousand in numbers. Troops are valued for their quality not for their numbers, it is the same with beast groups as well. Now, quietly become a stepping stone for my name to spread in northern plains!" Nu Er Tu lightly spoke but his tranquil voice resounded within everyone’s ears.


 "No, I haven’t lost yet, I still have my trump card!" Jiang Bao Ya let out a hysterical shout, "I will let you gain a first hand experience in my enslavement path killer move which I have never displayed before — Rat Epidemic!"


 The moment he finished speaking, hundreds of thousands of rats self-destructed at the same time.


 The leopard group suffered disastrous casualties in this chain explosion.


 The ground slightly shook, turfs were flipped over, soil and stones splattered everywhere, and huge amount of yellow poison gas started appearing.


 The surviving leopard group was covered by this poison gas, immediately becoming sickly with their movement slowed down; their battle strength had sharply fallen.


 By contrast, Jiang Bao Ya’s rat group moved around in this yellow poison gas without being affected.


 "Hahaha, the final winner is me, Jiang Bao Ya! Young man, you want to step on my position, keep on training for five hundred years more!" Jiang Bao Ya howled with laughter.


 "Hmph! I had intended to keep on hiding it, but since you want to die, don’t blame me." Nu Er Tu snorted, a sinister smile appearing on his face.


 He suddenly shouted: "Killer move — Leopard Dash!"


 Howl!


 Leopard group howled and unfolded an unmatchable mad charge.


 "This?!" Jiang Bao Ya’s eyes opened wide, the leopard group’s battle strength had surged by over two times, furthermore their speed increased by an astonishing eight times!


 Under everyone’s dumbfounded look, the leopard group quickly charged out of the area covered by the yellow poison gas and breathed in fresh air, before charging forward like a terrifying tsunami, swallowing and engulfing everything!


 ...


 Du Jiao.


 A large battlefield had already ended.


 Fire blazed towards the sky, the whole battlefield covered by raging inferno.


 A Gu Master stood loftily in the inferno like a fire deity.


 He played with the fire in his hand, changing it into all kinds of shapes as he looked at the surrounding Gu Masters with his narrow eyes and spoke, his voice appearing extremely cruel and cold in the blazing inferno: "It is your honor to be defeated by my supreme fire path. Surrender, otherwise... all of you and this lowly grass shall turn into ashes."


 The surrounding Gu Masters looked dejectedly at each other.


 After few breaths of time, they kneeled one after another.


 "I... we... surrender..."


 ...


 After Hei tribe obtained the first victory against Dong Fang tribe, the curtains to many large battles, that had started over Northern Plains, also fell one after another.


 The defeated did not lose everything; some surrendered and some ran away choosing to side with another force. This was only the initial stage of the struggle for Imperial Court, they still had hope and chance.


 The winners swallowed the weak, obtaining huge amounts of war reparations and expanding themself.


 The countless corpses of beast groups, Gu Masters and ordinary mortals instead became nourishments for the grassland, and in the future would sink down under the snowy land, doomed for eternity.


 Winner takes all!


 After resting and reorganizing for over ten days at Cao Fu, Hei Lou Lan finished absorbing the captives, expanding his military strength by sixty percent and resumed the expedition.


 This time, his target was Guan Xi.


 The Gu tribe 1 army stationed there had weak military strength and thus became the optimum target for Hei Lou Lan to expand his force.


 Seven days later, Hei tribe army confronted Gu tribe army.


 Gu tribe suffered a huge defeat at the first battle. Gu tribe alliance leader Gu Guo Long resolutely gave the order to abandon their three defense lines without using them and retreated to their tribe’s main camp.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily as he led his army with a crushing momentum.


 But at the final battlefield, he was dumbstruck and asked his subordinates: "How is there a mountain here?"


 Gu tribe army might be weak but they had their own ways. They built up a mountain by piling stones and garrisoned on the mountain, with countless traps set around the foot of the mountain. They occupied the high ground, having huge geographical advantage. Their intention to defend to the death was abundantly clear.


 Hei tribe army attacked several times but were defeated every time, leaving behind large numbers of corpses.


 Fang Yuan looked at the battlefield with indifference and did not use his full strength in mobilizing the wolf group, only doing it to show he was putting some effort. Adding in that there were many trees and undergrowth on the mountain, the wolf group could not show their strength properly and were instead separated and killed. Thus, the battle situation might be progressing but it was very slow.


 Above all, Gu tribe army was still continuing to add in stones to the mountain, making this mountain become taller and taller.


 Hei Lou Lan was furious: "Gu Guo Long is as obstinate as the rumors said. After I win, I will definitely step on him to death!"


 However, the situation was still not optimistic.


 Just the rocks dropped by mere mortals possessed the strength of a rank one Gu when dropped from such a height.


 "If I had known this earlier, I would not have come here to chew on such a hard bone!" Hei Lou Lan had the intent to retreat, but right at this time, a person walked out of the camp.


 This person held a letter as he came in front of Hei Lou Lan: "This old man Tai Bai Yun Sheng received benefactor’s letter and came to lend you a hand."


 Hei Lou Lan was joyous as he grabbed this person’s hands: "With old sir helping us, we can definitely succeed!"



***
Chapter 524: Number one in prestige and merit


***





 Chapter 524: Number one in prestige and merit


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was tall with a strangely ancient appearance. The hair near his temples had turned white and his face was filled with deep wrinkles.


 He was already over eighty but his eyes were not dim and blurred, instead had a gentle look that seemed to pity the fate of mankind along with a calmness that had seen through the secular world.


 Since he was seven, he had been determined to travel the northern plains to help common people.


 His life was full of turmoil, as he was frequently toyed by fate. He became an enslaved Gu Master after his tribe was annihilated, then he was betrayed by his wife and became a captive of variant men. Then in a fortuitous encounter, he obtained a time path Gu Immortal’s inheritance and was rescued by his brothers when he was at the verge of death...


 Now, he had already become a living legend.


 Although he was a loner, he was publicly accepted as a great righteous path Gu Master. His benevolence reputation had entered the depths of northern plains’ people, the level of his prestige far surpassing people like Chang Shan Yin, Hei Lou Lan and Liu Wen Wu.


 Right as Hei Lou Lan was at his wit’s end considering the battle situation and had the thought of retreating, Tai Bai Yun Sheng came to the camp by himself, holding a letter in his hand.


 Hei Lou Lan read the letter and immediately realized the reason.


 Back then, Hei tribe’s supreme elder Hei Bai took a fancy to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, guiding and rescuing him many times. Now that Hei tribe army had fallen into a predicament, Hei Bai who had been secretly observing all along sent a letter to Tai Bai Yun Sheng to provide assistance.


 Hei Lou Lan knew the ability of Tai Bai Yun Sheng and was thus overjoyed. He arranged a banquet that night to serve Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 On the second day, the sky had just become bright; Hei Lou Lan impatiently arranged his army formation and requested Tai Bai Yun Sheng to make his move.


 Under everyone’s expectant gaze, Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly walked to the front and looked at the tall mountain in front of him.


 Gu tribe was specialized in earth path and were long famous for it in northern plains. Piling stones to form a mountain, this would be an unimaginable and impossible tactics in Earth. But in this world, this mountain formed in about ten days proved nothing was impossible.


 The alliance leader Gu Guo Long looked at the foot of the mountain from the summit.


 When a white clothed, white hair old man walked in front of the formation, the Gu Masters around him roared in laughter and made disdainful comments, but Gu Guo Long, however, had a bad feeling in his heart.


 He was well aware this mountain that they had formed by piling stones was built on many foundations constructed by his tribe’s earth path Gu Masters. Other tribes might find it hard to imitate, but it was not like there were no ways to break through it.


 After being defeated repeatedly for several rounds by Hei tribe army, Gu Guo Long’s military force had suffered damage and his ambition of vying for supremacy had dimmed down. He pondered over this and had decided to side with Liu tribe.


 Liu tribe’s Liu Wen Wu was wise and benevolent, treating his people leniently and being strict to himself; his reputation was much better than Hei Lou Lan’s. Several days ago, Gu Guo Long had secretly sent a letter to Liu Wen Wu express his intent to side with Liu tribe.


 "Lord Liu Wen Wu has already replied and agreed to my tribe’s request to seek refuge, and is leading his army to reinforce us. As long as I defend for seven more days, this predicament before us will part like clouds and allow me to see the clear sky."


 Just as Gu Guo Long was inwardly encouraging himself, Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly extended his hands.


 His large palms were covered with callus and wrinkles, just like an old tree bark.


 He slowly transferred his primeval essence, a weak silver light blossomed forth from his hands. The silver light was weak at first but soon turned brighter and brighter, and in a few seconds, the silver light was so dazzling that people could not look at it directly.


 "Mountain as before." Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly chanted, his voice resonating in the air.


 On the summit, Gu Guo Long heard this voice and a shocked expression appeared on his face: "Oh no, he is Tai Bai Yun Sheng!"


 At the very same moment, silver light burst out, transforming into a straight light pillar that directly rammed into the mountain peak.


 Countless Gu Masters saw the situation turning awry and immediately activated their defense Gu or attacked to intercept the light pillar.


 But the silver light disregarded all interception and shone on the mountain peak.


 Both humans and beasts were unscathed, but the mountain stones below Gu tribe - regardless of how enormous or thick they were - under the silver light, were like snow under scorching sun, as they turned into nothingness in a visible speed, seemingly like they had never even existed!


 As Gu tribe army lost the support under their feet, they started falling down one after another. It was a crushing defeat, countless died as they crashed down to the ground from a height of five hundred to six hundred feet.


 Even if Gu tribe masters were stupid, they would become aware of their crisis at this moment.


 They exclaimed in shock one after another.


 "Such strength, this is Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mountain as before!"


 "Heaven, why is old sir Tai Bai helping Tyrant Hei Lou Lan?"


 "Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng helped us restore our tribe’s spirit spring back then, he is our tribe’s benefactor. Now, we need to fight with him?"


 The mountain was the source of Gu tribe’s army’s confidence and now it was loudly crumbling apart. But even more than that was Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s prestige that shook their will to battle.


 "Hahaha, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is indeed worthy of his name; once he moves, it will be out of the ordinary." Hei Lou Lan laughed wildly as he looked at this scene from the main tent.


 Even he had not expected there to be such a hidden expert in the tribe.


 But each super tribes’ supreme elders would occasionally fancy someone from demonic and righteous path’s mortal Gu Masters, they would then select these seeds to cultivate.


 In case these seeds were able to become Gu Immortals, they would often be taken in by the super tribes and become their external supreme elder.


 This was one of the tactics the super tribes used to preserve their position and develop themselves.


 Clearly, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a seed the rank six Gu Immortal Hei Bai thought highly of and believed he had hopes of advancing to Gu Immortal realm.


 Seeing the sorry figure of the enemy army, Hei tribe army’s morale surged; many started laughing loudly and there were even more who shouted of slaughtering everyone in the enemy faction even the old and the young.


 The Gu Master experts in the main tent were also excited with only Fang Yuan having a calm expression. Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s appearance was already within his expectation.


 In his previous life’s five hundred years of memories, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had joined Hei tribe army from this point onwards and provided an enormous assistance to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan being able to become the winner in the end was mostly because of Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a benevolent character and during the expedition, he became deeply aware of Hei Lou Lan’s savage and brutal nature. Thus, when he entered Imperial Court blessed land and advanced to Gu Immortal, he did not agree to Hei Bai’s request to become Hei tribe’s external supreme elder.


 "Kill! Kill these bastards, they actually dared to pile stones into a mountain to make a stand!" Hei Lou Lan excitedly shouted.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was at the front of the troops, heard Hei Lou Lan’s words and frowned; he heaved a deep sigh and did not continue to attack, instead transmitted his voice to Hei Lou Lan to persuade him: "Alliance leader, heaven care for every living thing, why the need to kill? Throughout history, the struggle for Imperial court has always been accompanied by blood dying the land and disastrous deaths. Since alliance leader wants to enter the Imperial Court, it might be better to take in Gu tribe army, I am willing to persuade them on your behalf!"


 Gu tribe piled up stones to form into a mountain and used it to contend against Hei tribe, but against Tai Bai Yun Sheng, this mountain they created instead became a fatal trap to themselves.


 The current situation was Hei tribe army tightly surrounding Gu tribe army.


 If Tai Bai Yun Sheng just made a casual move, he could reduce Gu tribe by over half. Gu tribe would naturally not sit and wait for their death, but when the mountain was completely collapsed, they would have almost no battle strength left and their final charge would contain no threat.


 However, Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not do this.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes flashed with an ominous glint, although his heart raged with killing intent, he needed to think about Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s face.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not an ordinary Gu Master.


 He was one of the extremely rare time path Gu Masters, and had rank five peak stage cultivation. His prestige in northern plains was like the sun in daytime, his influence was spread throughout the entire region.


 Hei Lou Lan thought to himself before replying: "Then I shall listen to old sir, but it is too dangerous for old sir to go up the mountain alone. I will send six rank four experts to escort old sir!"


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded his head and climbed up the mountain under heavy protection.


 He had great prestige and his benevolent reputation had spread into the depths of people; as he climbed up the mountain, the enemy troops spontaneously parted way to reveal a passage in middle.


 "I did not think I would meet benefactor at such a time." Gu Guo Long laughed bitterly as he went forward and greeted.


 Back then, Gu tribe’s spirit spring had dried up and they were pushed aside by several large tribes. It was very dangerous for them to migrate and thus they requested Tai Bai Yun Sheng to help them. Tai Bai Yun Sheng helped them without taking any fees and became a benefactor to everyone in Gu tribe.


 Under Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s persuasion, although Gu Guo Long admired Liu Wen Wu - circumstances are more powerful than individuals - he had no choice but to lower his head.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had only been on the mountain for a quarter of an hour before he descended.


 When he climbed up, there were six people with him. When he descended, there were over a hundred thousand!


 Evidently, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s persuasion was successful; Gu tribe army pledged allegiance to Hei Lou Lan, thus Hei tribe army’s military strength increased sharply.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng changed the battle situation by himself. And with his deep prestige, he saved over a hundred thousand lives and also established great merits for Hei tribe.


 On the very first day Tai Bai Yun Sheng came to Hei tribe army, he reached the top position in battle merit list. And exactly opposite to him was Fang Yuan.


 Wolf King Chang Shan Yin’s name was listed at the last on the battle merit list, in scarlet red color and was negative, forming a stark contrast with Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s battle merit.


 That very night, Hei Lou Lan sent command for a celebratory banquet and also a welcoming reception for Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 The moon was bright and stars were few; as bonfire raged high.


 It was a festive scene with cheerful sounds resounding throughout the place and beautiful young girls in northern plains’ clothings embroidered with gold, silver and precious jewels, danced around the bonfire.


 Hei Lou Lan repeatedly toasted towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng and praised: "With old sir assisting us, all defense lines are useless!"


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had two rank five Gu that were recognized by all northern plains’ people.


 One was ’mountain as before’ and another was ’river as before’, both were time path Gu worms.


 The former could restore earth, hills, mountains, mounds and valleys to their original appearance; and the latter could restore rivers, lakes, streams, springs and waterfalls back to their original appearance.


 Gu Guo Long created the mountain on a land that was originally a flat grassland. Thus, under the effect of mountain as before Gu, it returned to its original form.


 Gu tribe’s spirit spring had been restored to its original state by river as before Gu, being able to create primeval stones again.


 In the battles between great armies, defense lines needed to be created and this usually relied on earth path Gu worms to create long and tall defense walls. These defense walls would be restored to flat grassland under the effect of mountain as before Gu. Thus Hei Lou Lan’s words ’all defense lines are useless’ had deep reasoning behind them!



***
Chapter 525: Rapid Changes and Fierce Experts


***





 Chapter 525: Rapid Changes and Fierce Experts


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Northern plains calendar, middle of June.


 It should have been summer, but the aura of ten year blizzard had already thickened. The sky would often be gloomy and cold wind blew with increasing condensed frost aura.


 And the struggle for Imperial Court that covered northern plains was advancing forward like a wildfire.


 At Mirror lake, Ma tribe army and Song tribe had started their battle. Ma tribe’s dominance was huge and they broke through two of Song tribe’s defense lines in a row.


 Song tribe alliance leader Song Qing Yin led the army to counterattack and ambushed Ma tribe, causing them to give up a defense line.


 But soon after, Ma tribe’s enslavement master Ma Zun moved and mobilized his trump card pegasus group, surrounding and killing Song Qing Yin in the air. Song tribe army became a headless dragon, and after an internal discord caused by Ma tribe secretly, they finally crumbled apart.


 Ma tribe annexed most of the tribes while some remnants managed to escape to all directions.


 In this battle, one of the few flying masters of northern plains, rank five initial stage Water Fairy Song Qing Yin died and became a stepping stone for enslavement path master Ma Zun’s fame.


 The strength Ma Zun displayed shocked the people. Faintly, people were already calling him northern plains’ number one enslavement path master.


 ----------------


 Meng Qiu.


 Nu Er Tu’s battle with Jiang Bao Ya.


 Nu Er Tu was originally not an enslavement path Gu Master and had switched to it midway. But the leopard group he led was unexpectedly able to overpower and defeat the veteran enslavement path master Jiang Bao Ya.


 Just because of this battle achievement, Nu Er Tu rose to the ranks of enslavement path masters of northern plains; and together with Jiang Bao Ya, Yang Po Ying, Ma Zun and Chang Shan Yin, were called five beast kings.


 However, although Nu Er Tu managed to become famous, the price he had to pay was very high.


 Jiang Bao Ya’s counterattack had inflicted disastrous damaged to Nu Er Tu’s troops. Despite annexing the remnants of the enemy after the battle along with the war reparations, Nu Er Tu’s army’s momentum was hindered.


 Rat King Jiang Bao Ya managed to escape with his life and gathered the remnant army. His original rat group of over six hundred thousand, now had less than three hundred thousand left.


 But even as a defeated general, many large forces still showed interest towards him and over ten forces had already sent him an invitation letter.


 --------------


 Du Jiao.


 Ye Lui Sang was empowered by the Immortal Gu and with his formidable rank five peak stage fire path strength, he suppressed all the heroes and swept through the last obstacle, succeeding in dominating Du Jiao region.


 However, just as Ye Lui army was spreading towards all directions like an unstoppable wildfire, they were pincer attacked by alliance of seven armies.


 Each of the seven armies had at least over a hundred thousand troops. Although none were super tribes, they had famous Gu Master experts.


 The alliance of seven armies created an aggressive momentum. Ye Lui army who had just gotten a head start and were about to continue with great momentum, fell into a perilous situation.


 At the same time, Hei tribe army was also confronted by a great enemy and did not have any time to relax.


 Liu tribe, Liu Wen Wu personally led his army and was pressing closer to Hei tribe every passing day!


 Previously, Gu Guo Long had seeked helped from Liu Wen Wu; Liu Wen Wu was quite excited at reading the letter, knowing this was a rare opportunity. As long as Gu Guo Long’s side could hold on, Liu tribe army could pincer attack Hei tribe from behind and gain the upper hand, causing Hei tribe to land in a passive situation.


 But the result was that the situation changed way too fast. Liu tribe army was just halfway on their way when they heard the report of Gu tribe’s defeat and submitting to Hei tribe. And the crucial character that made this possible was Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Liu Wen Wu was shocked at this report.


 A legendary character like Tai Bai Yun Sheng had actually taken the initiative to come out and help Hei Lou Lan. Obtaining this person was like adding a huge army to Hei Lou Lan’s forces.


 Liu Wen Wu soon realized this was the behind-the-scenes move of Hei tribe’s Gu Immortal.


 According to the rule Ancestor Giant Sun set, Gu Immortals could provide some help to mortals in the struggle for Imperial Court. Naturally, this type of help had its restrictions, at least the Gu Immortals absolutely could not move personally.


 Whether it was the Immortal Gu on Ye Lui Sang or Tai Bai Yun Sheng who assisted Hei Lou Lan after receiving the letter, they were both Gu Immortals’ pawn pieces.


 Liu Wen Wu naturally also had the privilege to request help from the Gu Immortal supporting him.


 Hei Lou Lan obtained Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s assistance who in Liu Wen Wu’s opinion was much more terrifying than Wolf King Chang Shan Yin!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s reputation was extremely high, whether it was righteous path or demonic path, many had received his grace. If just a small portion of these people had the heart to repay gratitude, the force they could gather would be very terrifying.


 Besides, once Hei tribe expanded, those scattered demonic Gu Masters who had been watching from the sidelines would see the hopes of entering the Imperial Court in Hei tribe, and would side with them of their own initiative.


 And Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s existence would cause them to be even more inclined to choose Hei Lou Lan.


 With this, Hei tribe would continue to be stronger. And as time passed, they would throw all the other competitors behind.


 "Hei Lou Lan defeated Dong Fang Yu Liang and obtained a super tribe’s war reparations, this by itself is a great profit. By contrast, we might have defeated several allied armies, but they were all an alliance of large tribes, so the war reparations we received are lower than Hei tribe’s. Now, Hei tribe has Tai Bai Yun Sheng, a living signboard with him, if we give him time to expand, it will be very difficult to deal with him later."


 Liu Wen Wu contemplated for a while before resolutely sending a command. Liu tribe army continued along their original plan, pushing on towards Hei tribe.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily at this news: "Come, come!".


 He then sent the command to set up defense lines around the area.


 After constructing the first defense line properly, the large army slowly moved towards Liu tribe army. At every thousand li of distance, they would stop and garrison for several days to construct another defense line.


 Twelve days later, Hei tribe army moved on from their fourth defense line and travelled five hundred li before coming face to face with Liu tribe army.


 The two army parted a way for the experts challenging stage.


 Hei tribe’s expert Hao Ji Liu charged forward, not giving precedence to others.


 Liu Wen Wu saw this and sent Pei Yan Fei.


 Hao Ji Liu was at rank four upper stage and Pei Yan Fei was also the same. The two exchanged twenty moves, the situation was still neck and neck.


 Hao Ji Liu’s offense surged higher and higher, causing people’s hearts to shake. While Pei Yan Fei used sharp and precise attacks, moving back and forth within the attacks, and sweeping everything before him.


 As the battle continued on, both of their primeval essence were running low.


 Gu Masters were not good at prolonged battled and once their primeval essence was exhausted, their battle strength would sharply fall.


 "This cannot go on!" The two had similar thoughts at the same time.


 Waterfall Gu!


 Hao Ji Liu took the lead and pushed forward his palms; a giant waterfall fell from the air and crashed towards Pei Yan Fei with a rumbling sound.


 Pei Yan Fei did not face it head on, instead using his movement Gu to soar to the sky, evading the waterfall.


 Rank four golden coat Gu!


 Rank four swallow wings Gu!


 Rank four rainbow transformation Gu!


 Killer move — Golden Rainbow Strike!


 Pei Yan Fei staked it all, using his signature killer move.


 At that instant, he turned into a golden rainbow and made an arc through the air as fast as lightning, cutting open the waterfall before bursting through Hao Ji Liu!


 However, Hao Ji Liu turned into water after being burst; it was not his real body.


 Water image Gu!


 Hao Ji Liu had fought for a long time and already had the intel on Pei Yan Fei, and knew Pei Yan Fei did not have powerful detective Gu. Thus, when he sent the waterfall, he took the advantage of the giant current blocking Pei Yan Fei’s line of sight to quietly use his water image Gu while his real body hid inside the waterfall. His actions were extremely secretive and most of the Gu Masters from both sides had been deceived.


 Pei Yan Fei burst through the water image and immediately had warning signals going off in his heart. Without holding back, he transferred all his remaining primeval essence into his swallow wings Gu.


 The two pairs of swallow wings on his back rapidly flapped and took him away from the battlefield.


 Hao Ji Liu stood on the spot, his whole body soaked in water. Even though he won the battle, he was not happy. The enemy’s killer move had astonishing power, this time he used water image Gu to deceive him, but what about the next time?


 "Big brother, let me go out!" Pei Yan Fei returned in defeat, causing Mo Shi Kuang to fume with anger and impatiently requested to be sent to battle.


 Liu Wen Wu had a smile on his face, but he did not agree.


 "Third brother, no need to fret. You came forward in the previous battle, it is my turn now." An extremely tall and thin Gu Master with robust and shiny bald head stood out and patted Mo Shi Kuang’s shoulder.


 "Second brother!" Mo Shi Kuang helplessly shouted.


 This person’s name was Ouyang Bi Sang, a demonic Gu Master. In their early years, by chance encounter, he met Liu Wen Wu and Mo Shi Kuang in an inheritance site. The three combined their strength to tackle the obstacles and obtained the inheritance, and because they felt affinity with each other, they became sworn brothers.


 "I am Ouyang Bi Sang, who wants to come spar with me?" Ouyang Bi Sang slowly walked towards the front of the troops and shouted in a soft voice.


 Soon after, he looked at Hao Ji Liu: "If Water Demon wants to fight with me, you might as well get some rest first to recover your primeval essence."


 Water Demon snickered but did not agree to the provocation: "No need to hurry, there will be many chances later on."


 After saying that, he returned to the camp.


 With the struggle for Imperial Court advancing to this stage, the intel on experts of every forces was widely spread.


 Ouyang Bi Sang was Mo Shi Kuang’s second brother, just this status alone made him someone who could not be underestimated. His performance was extremely glorious during the several large battles before.


 He was a transformation path expert and the Gu Masters of this path possessed at least one killer move. With a cultivation of rank four peak stage, he was same as Mo Shi Kuang, possessing the battle strength comparable to a rank five Gu Master!


 During his first battle, he had killed the enemy side’s rank five alliance leader. A dazzling battle achievement like crossing realms to fight was something many people would look up to their whole lives.


 Facing such an expert, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu might have small chance at victory even if he was at his peak stage. Let alone now, when his energy was already exhausted in the battle with Pei Yan Fei. A Gu Master’s state did not just depend on the amount of primeval essence in their aperture.


 Seeing Ouyang Bi Sang coming forward, Hei Lou Lan felt a slight headache.


 In contrast to Liu Wen Wu, he currently found that he lacked fierce generals beside him.


 After taking in Gu tribe army, Hei tribe army now had three rank five Gu Masters - Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the just recently subdued Gu Guo Long.


 Hei Lou Lan could not easily move because of his status as the alliance leader. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a healing Gu Master and was not good at fighting. Gu Guo Long was a rank five earth path Gu Master but the other was at rank four peak stage; it would not conform to the rule of battle if he was sent out, and they would only be sneered upon.


 He then looked at his rank four Gu Masters - Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu, Shadow Sword Expert Bian Si Xuan, Little Fox Commander Tang Miao Ming and Sole Blade Pan Ping.


 Chang Shan Yin and Tang Miao Ming were enslavement path Gu Masters, so they could be excluded. Water Demon Hao Ji Liu had already went up, so Hei Lou Lan only had two choices left.


 His gaze moved between Pan Ping and Bian Si Xuan.


 Pan Ping knew he was not Ouyang Bi Sang’s match by just relying on his trump card, so he looked uncomfortable. While Bian Si Xuan’s face was covered with a black veil, revealing her cold and clear gaze.


 Hei Lou Lan turned around towards Bian Si Xuan: "For this challenge, I will have to trouble Shadow Sword Expert to make a move."


 "I can only ensure that I won’t lose my life, but I can’t guarantee a victory." Bian Si Xuan coldly replied.


 Hei Lou Lan gave a hollow laugh, although he was alliance leader and Bian Si Xuan had taken the poison vow, Hei Lou Lan could not forcibly make Bian Si Xuan fight to the death.



***
Chapter 526: Asura Ouyang, Losses to both sides


***





 Chapter 526: Asura Ouyang, Losses to both sides


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bian Si Xuan moved to the front of the troop and without saying much, quickly started the fight with Ouyang Bi Sang.


 The battle between the two attracted the close attention of countless people.


 If considering reputation, Shadow Sword Expert could throw Ouyang Bi Sang several streets away. But if considering cultivation and strength, Ouyang Bi Sang was a rank four peak stage Gu Master who was able to cross a great realm and kill a rank five expert, while Shadow Sword Expert was only at rank four upper stage.


 Shadow Sword Expert’s Gu worms complemented each other very well and there was no shortcomings. At the same time, she placed high importance on her movement ability.


 Her figure turned into shadows and continuously circled around Ouyang Bi Sang, attacking with multiple sword shadows from time to time.


 Ouyang Bi Sang stayed stationary on the spot as he defended, his body unmoving like the rocks on the shores of the sea.


 The battle went on for a while, when this sworn brother of Liu Wen Wu slowly felt impatient: "If you are only of this standard, then go die!"


 He gave a low shout, as great changes appeared over his whole body.


 His teeth quickly grew longer and sharper like swords, and his two pairs of canine teeth protruded out of his mouth like fangs.


 Green hair started growing out of his bald head. Not only on his head, the green hair grew all over his body.


 His body made creaking noises and his blood flow instantly slowed down greatly. The originally tall and skinny body became even more thin, but the aura of danger coming from him grew thicker by ten times!


 His eyes were no longer human eyes, but had transformed into a pair of eerie and cold green eyes, giving off a glossy jade light.


 Rank five, asura zombie Gu!


 This Gu was classified under the most classic zombie series of transformation path.


 The series of zombie Gu were spread widely throughout the five regions. From rank two roaming zombie Gu to rank three hairy zombie Gu to rank four hopping zombie Gu till the rank five flying zombie Gu.


 There were five great flying zombie Gu in the world - asura zombie, heavenly demon zombie, blood wight, nightmare zombie and plague zombie.


 Many Gu Masters who did not have much lifespan left and had no lifespan Gu to increase their life, would often choose to turn into zombies to prolong their life, transforming into a monster that was neither human nor ghost.


 Fang Yuan had already seen blood wight Gu before. At Qing Mao mountain, Gu Yue first generation ancestor had turned into blood wight to change his fate in defiance of heaven, but his plan was thwarted by Divine Investigator Tie Xue Leng and others.


 This asura zombie Gu that Ouyang Bi Sang was using was a formidable Gu that was equally famous as blood wight Gu!


 Clank clank clank...


 Bian Si Xuan’s sword shadows cut at Ouyang Bi Sang’s body, but they actually produced sparks on contact, unable to injure his skin by even a fraction, only cutting several green hair.


 Overlapping shadow Gu!


 Bian Si Xuan’s eyes flashed with a sharp light, multiple sword shadows overlaid on top of one another to transform into an abysmally dark and extremely condensed sword.


 "Now this is something!" Green light blossomed in Ouyang Bi Sang’s pupils as he looked at this sword shadow attack; he was not afraid, but instead was happy.


 He stretched his right hand in a form of a claw and grabbed at the sword shadow like he was grabbing a rabbit.


 "This!" Bian Si Xuan revealed shock, the sword shadow in her hand could not go an inch further.


 "Gagaga..." Ouyang Bi Sang laughed in a haggard and unpleasant tone as he clenched his claw-shaped right palm.


 Puff.


 A soft sound echoed.


 He actually forcibly burst apart the sword shadow. Bian Si Xuan quickly retreated, the shattered sword shadow burst into many sharp pieces that ruthlessly struck at Ouyang Bi Sang, inflicting several deep wounds on his body, and slashed apart the four fingers on his right hand and almost cut apart the whole right fist.


 Bian Si Xuan had bitterly accumulated battle merits from several small battles before and exchanged them for overlapping shadow Gu from Hei tribe supply camp.


 Under its effect, the multiple sword shadows’ offense could merge and could match the offensive prowess of a rank five attack Gu!


 Ouyang Bi Sang was slashed at by the sword shadow, but he did not feel any pain. He had transformed into a zombie which caused the feeling of pain to almost disappear. At the same time, large amounts of eerie green blood flowed out of the wounds.


 The wounds were so deep that one could see the bone, but they healed within just few seconds of time. New hair grew on top of it and covered it.


 His broken fingers also grew again and it looked like it did not take any effort.


 Bian Si Xuan’s complexion turned pale white at this sight.


 Ouyang Bi Sang looked hot-headed when he forcibly grabbed the sword shadow, but it was actually a psychological tactic. After he transformed into asura zombie, his defense and recovery ability were raised by several folds. Bian Si Xuan’s strongest attack could not affect him in any way.


 This unavoidably weakened Bian Si Xuan’s will to battle severely.


 Gu Master’s battle strength did not only rely on the amount of primeval essence in their aperture, it also depended on their determination and mental state.


 "I am an assassin, an expert at movement and infiltrating secretly. These challenges between the two army are done out in the open and facing someone head-on is not my usual style..." Ouyang Bi Sang’s performance greatly weakened the battle intent in Bian Si Xuan’s heart.


 In the next several rounds, she kept on attacking while moving around Ouyang Bi Sang, but it was clear her attacking frequency had decreased by a lot compared to before, and she was dodging most of the time.


 After exchanging ten more moves, Bian Si Xuan shouted and quickly pulled open a distance from Ouyang Bi Sang, retreating towards Hei tribe camp.


 At this sight, Liu tribe army’s morale rose again, while Hei tribe’s morale shook and the higher ups did not have good expressions.


 "Bian Si Xuan lost..."


 "Is Ouyang Bi Sang really so strong? His killer move is asura transformation, having killed a rank five expert with this killer move. Now, he has only used asura zombie Gu, not even using his full strength but was still able to defeat Shadow Sword Expert!"


 "Shadow Sword Expert did not have a strong will to fight, but by continuously attacking while moving around, she has exhausted a considerable amount of Ouyang Bi Sang’s primeval essence. We can send another person to fight with him!"


 The discussions settled and Hei tribe army sent Pan Ping to battle.


 But within only a short period of time, Pan Ping seemed unable to stall further and panickedly unsheathed the scimitar on his waist and used sole blade Gu.


 A cold light flashed but it was in vain.


 Sole blade Gu could ignore defense but it did not work always and had a certain probability. Moreover, once this rank four sole blade Gu was activated, it needed eight hours of rest before it could be used again.


 Ouyang Bi Sang got quite a shock. Despite having read relevant intel, sole blade Gu’s speed was way faster than what he imagined, making him unable to react in time!


 "I can’t leave him alive!" Ouyang Bi Sang’s killing intent surged as he pounced towards Pan Ping.


 Pan Ping already knew the situation was bad the moment he saw his attack did not succeed, so he hurriedly retreated. Ouyang Bi Sang pursued him closely, Hei tribe quickly sent three rank four experts to block Ouyang Bi Sang and rescue Pan Ping.


 The three rank four experts surrounded Ouyang Bi Sang and attacked fiercely. Ouyang Bi Sang was about to use his killer move — Asura Transformation, when Mo Shi Kuang who was unable to endure anymore charged out of the main tent and shouted: "Second brother, I will lend you a hand!!"


 Ouyang Bi Sang, alone, put Hei tribe army under great pressure, now adding Mo Shi Kuang on top of that and the situation turned way worse.


 "Third brother, no need to interfere, what is the use even if there are more people? Look at my asura transformation!" Ouyang Bi Sang furiously roared under the three rank four experts’ violent attacks, and used his killer move.


 His aura suddenly increased sharply, his body grew bigger, becoming a giant of over ten feet.


 The muscles in his whole body inflated like a balloon and quickly transforming into absurd rock-like bulging muscles. And under his pair of arms, two new pairs of arms grew out.


 His body was completely dark-green. HIs feet ripped apart the leather boots and stepped on the grassland, creating a deep crater.


 The protruding fangs turned dark brown and a third vertical eye opened from the center of his forehead!


 Howl!


 Ouyang Bi Sang roared, the berserk sound shaking the whole battlefield.


 The three Hei tribe’s Gu Masters felt their momentum slowed down.


 Ouyang Bi Sang waved his fist like swatting a fly, sending one flying far away.


 The other two attacked violently, golden blades striking rapidly like thunder, but Ouyang Bi Sang took it forcibly; his enormous body not even budging.


 "Die!" He attacked with all six hands - punching, swatting, grabbing, holding - with extremely fierce power. And all his hands moved smoothly, not hindering each other in the slightest.


 The two rank four could not take it head on, and started retreating.


 Ouyang Bi Sang was not satisfied, his every punch produced a sonic boom with power that caused people to pale.


 One rank four Gu Master lasted only a short while under this crazed offense and was smashed into blood paste; while another Gu Master was grabbed by Ouyang Bi Sang.


 "Don’t kill me, don’t kil—!"


 His pleadings came to an end abruptly, blood started flowing rapidly out of his seven facial orifices, his ribs were crushed and his body started deflating - Ouyang Bi Sang had crushed him to death with two hands.


 "So violent!" Cunning Gentleman Sun Shi Han involuntarily cried out.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expressed turned extremely unsightly, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng also had a solemn expression.


 Liu tribe’s army started cheering loudly while Hei tribe’s Gu Masters were in disorder, their morale falling down to the abyss.


 Liu Wen Wu laughed at this sight before waving his hand: "Commence the battle! All troops, charge!"


 Immediately, Liu tribe army rushed forward like a flood with the gates opened, bringing a momentum that wanted to drown the world! Mo Shi Kuang, Pei Yan Fei and others were leading.


 Hei Lou Lan gnashed his teeth and also sent the command for the army to prepare to receive the attack.


 The large battle unfolded with all kinds of shouts and cries resounding through the battlefield.


 During the intense battle, Liu tribe’s several great experts rampaged everywhere, causing Hei Lou Lan and the higher-ups to fall into disadvantage at the very start.


 But at the low level, Hei tribe was actually winning. Under Fang Yuan’s control, the wolf group started wildly slaughtering Liu tribe’s Gu Masters, while Liu tribe army’s Gu Masters had no choice but to waste their precious primeval essence against the encroaching wolves. Thus, even if the wolves died, they died after contributing greatly.


 Liu tribe’s Gu Masters experts sensed this unfavorably situation and started searching for Fang Yuan.


 However, Fang Yuan used the same old trick, hiding in some corner of the battlefield. He now already had three rank four lurking soul coat Gu, and with the concealment from these Gu, as long as he did not use over eighty percent of his strength, his soul fluctuations would be concealed.


 This large battle continued from the early morning to evening.


 The setting sun shone like blood as it shone down on the grassland that was covered with corpses and blood.


 There was no winner in this battle.


 Liu tribe suffered disastrous losses in their military forces because of the wolf group. After the Liu tribe’s Gu Master experts were not able to find Fang Yuan’s location, they all concentrated in attacking Hei tribe’s Gu Master experts.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Master experts thus suffered serious damage. Mo Shi Kuang and Ouyang Bi Sang were difficult to restrain, and almost all the Hei tribe Gu Masters were too terrified to confront them.


 Hei tribe’s battle intent was dissipating and was barely able to hold on. When the night fell, the night wolves became fierce and Liu Wen Wu, not wanting the lower ranked Gu Master casualties to increase, also had the thought of retreating.


 The first battle ended up in a draw with their killing intent gradually calming down as the night progressed. Both sides retreated behind their defense lines to rest and prepare.



***
Chapter 527: Wolf King, Striving For Victory


***





 Chapter 527: Wolf King, Striving For Victory


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hei tribe’s main tent. The atmosphere here was stifling, almost everyone including Hei Lou Lan was injured.


 The lofty and grand Gu Master experts looked very miserable at this moment.


 "Liu tribe’s offense was too fierce. Liu Wen Wu, Luo Bo Jun and Nie Ya Qing are rank five experts, Mo Shi Kuang and Ouyang Bi Sang are rank four peak stage experts with battle strength of rank five. Furthermore, there are other strong experts like Pei Yan Fei and Chang Biao... Such quality of experts were rarely seen in the past ten struggles for Imperial Court." Cunning Gentleman Sun Shi Han sighed.


 Rank four Gu Masters were already rare; each was the head of small or mid-sized forces or elders of large-sized forces.


 And with the high demand of aptitude, rank five was even rarer. Even a super force would only have two-three rank five Gu Masters openly.


 Actually, when comparing, Hei tribe was stronger in higher ranked forces.


 Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Gu Guo Long were rank five experts. And there were over twenty rank four experts including Chang Shan Yin, Tang Miao Ming, Hao Ji Liu, Bian Si Xuan and Pan Ping.


 However, even between same ranked Gu Masters, there was a difference in their battle strength. Gu Masters were a force that surpassed group battles, their individual strength could surpass the accumulation of a group. For example, just Fang Yuan alone could slaughter small or mid-sized tribes. In today’s battle, Ouyang Bi Sang, alone, had slaughtered five rank four Gu Masters and twelve rank three elders.


 It was not that Hei tribe was weak but that Liu tribe’s higher ranked battle strength was too strong!


 Especially in this battle, Liu tribe had slaughtered many of Hei tribe’s higher ranked Gu Masters, cutting down rank four Gu Masters to almost half, causing the gap to further increase.


 The way to deal with the enormous dominance of Liu tribe was a problem Hei tribe had to quickly come up with a solution for.


 "If I had some time, I could annex several large armies, and with old sir’s prestige, subdue some experts, maybe we could contend against Liu tribe’s higher ranked strength then." Hei Lou Lan sighed, hating Liu Wen Wu for choosing this time to attack, not giving him any space to develop.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately realized the deep intent behind Hei Lou Lan’s words: "I once rescued Gao Yang and Zhu Zai, and they had said they would repay the favor. I can write them a letter, and maybe they will come over."


 Everyone’s spirits rose.


 Gao Yang and Zhu Zai were called the twin demons of demonic path in northern plains, they always worked together, having great teamwork with each other. These two were both rank four peak stage experts and had once killed a rank five expert by combining their strength!


 The pressure on Hei Lou Lan eased: "If I can get Gao Yang and Zhu Zai’s help, it can slightly make up for the gap between the two armies. But the events of the battle concerns everyone’s life, and we cannot hope for others’ mood in repaying the favor. In today’s battle, it was thanks to Wolf King that we were able to exterminate large numbers of low ranked enemy Gu Masters, causing an enormous loss to Liu tribe. If it were not for Liu Wen Wu feeling hesitation, how could he have retreated so easily?"


 Everyone’s gaze landed on Fang Yuan, wanting to hear his thoughts.


 Fang Yuan had a tranquil expression, not having a trace of injury on his body. He had been hiding while commanding the wolf group in the battle, but he was the one who gained the most battle merits.


 Most of the ones in the main tent were inwardly infuriated at this, having envious and jealous feelings. But due to the situation, they did not dare to flare up.


 After the battle, Fang Yuan had been looking through his memories, trying to excavate the information on how Hei Lou Lan had prevailed over Liu Wen Wu, but even after a long time of racking up his brain, he did not get any results.


 There was way too much information in the memories of his five hundred years of past life, and much was forgotten. And from the look of it, this enormous problem that was troubling everyone was no more than just a minor detail in the long river of history in his past life.


 Feeling everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan raised his eyelids and lightly said: "Liu tribe has enslavement path Gu Masters but their strongest expert is only Bei Cao Chuan whose grass soldier troops is of no importance. Now, both the enemy and us have our strengths. We are like two giants stabbing each other with spears. Liu tribe is strong in terms of higher ranked Gu Masters, while I can slaughter many of their low ranked Gu Masters with my wolf group. Thus, it resulted in the draw today."


 "The way to victory is restraining the enemy’s advantage as well as strengthening our advantage. And restraining the enemy’s Gu Master experts is not an impossible thing, as long as I can have a group of strong wolves as trump cards, I can restrain them. But with this, I will have to use all my strength and the rank four lurking soul coat Gu on me will no longer be able to conceal my soul fluctuations, and thus I will become the enemy’s target."


 Fang Yuan’s words caused everyone’s eyes to brighten.


 "Trump card wolf group..." Hei Lou Lan lowered his head and mumbled.


 The current five great enslavement masters of northern plains were called the five beast kings. Among them, Horse King Ma Zun has mutated pegasus group. Eagle King Yang Po Ying has mutated thunder eagle group. Rat King Jiang Bao Ya has mutated mountain drilling rat group. And the newly advanced enslavement master Leopard King Nu Er Tu controlled glimpse leopard group. Only Wolf King Chang Shan Yin did not have a mutated beast group.


 Every mature mutated beast possessed the battle strength of rank four Gu Masters. Once a group of mutated beasts formed, they would be more terrifying than the same amount of Gu Masters. After all, beast group would charge dauntlessly under the enslavement path Gu Master’s control. As Gu Masters had all kinds of self benefits to think about, even if they were under poison vow, they could not be made to fight to the death.


 If they had a group of mutated beasts, there was a huge chance of killing rank five experts.


 After all, even rank five Gu Masters were mortals in the end, with limited primeval essence and there were times when their strength was exhausted.


 However, making a mutated beast group was too time-consuming of a process and would exhaust enormous energy and resources.


 To look for a group of mutated wolf group for Fang Yuan in this short period of time, there was only one way - requesting help from Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 The people in the main tent, even if they did not know the existence of treasure yellow heaven, they were aware of the huge power of Gu Immortals.


 In the history of northern plains, there were several examples where Gu Immortals organized mutated beast group to provide assistance to their respective force.


 "Mutated beast group is indeed a way out, I will give it a try first." Hei Lou Lan pondered for a while before saying vaguely.


 But everyone clearly knew the meaning behind Hei Lou Lan’s words was to request help from the Gu Immortal behind him.


 This immediately caused a new change in the gaze everyone looked at Fang Yuan.


 How could this Wolf King Chang Shan Yin have such good luck? Making a Gu Immortal help him to organize a mutated wolf group. If he had to do this himself, he might not even be able to accomplish it in twenty to thirty years! Why don’t we get such benefits?


 Everyone felt envious and jealous.


 Ultimately, it was the identity of Chang Shan Yin that Fang Yuan carried; an enslavement master was an existence that could turn tides around. Hei tribe was fighting Liu tribe, it was indeed wise to put heavy importance on Fang Yuan and give more resources to him.


 "If I remember right, even if there is a mutated beast group, Lord Wolf King’s battle merits is ranked number one from the bottom, the last place in the battle merits list, right?" Cunning Gentleman was filled with jealousy, ’kindly’ reminding as if he had suddenly recalled it.


 "Of course, I can’t receive a mutated wolf group for nothing!" Fang Yuan righteously nodded, "Our rules cannot be broken, I will use battle merits to exchange for it. Of course, my battle merits are insufficient right now, so I can only borrow a bit more. This is something that cannot be helped!"


 Everyone was speechless.


 Many people shouted inwardly at the same time:


 ’Do you feel no shame speaking such words?’


 ’Do you still want your face, you already borrowed one million and three hundred thousand battle merits before and you still want to borrow more?!’


 ’In the entire Hei tribe army, only you have borrowed battle merits! Don’t you feel guilt holding that rank five amplify effect Gu?’


 In fact, Fang Yuan not only did not feel any guilt, instead he said with a ’not satisfied’ voice: "Just a mutated beast group won’t do, I still require rank five lurking soul coat Gu. Unfortunately, refining a rank five Gu has a success rate that is too low. I have collected three rank four Gu, but I don’t dare to fuse them to rank five."


 Hei Lou Lan gnashed his teeth, the number of times he could request help from the tribe was limited, the more he asked for help, the less the tribe’s evaluation of him would be. But there was no other way, he could only nod at Fang Yuan in order to defeat Liu Wen Wu: "I will do something about it."


 Just as Hei Lou Lan and his group were strategizing, Liu Wen Wu and his group were also planning on how to battle Hei tribe.


 "In Hei tribe army, Wolf King Chang Shan Yin is the biggest problem. It was because of him that my army suffered disastrous losses in today’s battle, with at least thirty thousand Gu Masters dying in the wolves’ mouths. Sigh, this number is truly making my heart bleed, everyone came forward to side with me because they believed in me. But it is because of my incompetence, we had to suffer such heavy casualties!"


 In the main tent, Liu Wen Wu shed tears and sighed.


 "Big brother, how is it your fault? We can only blame those Gu Masters for being useless!" Mo Shi Kuang almost jumped up as he hurriedly retorted.


 "Wolf King Chang Shan Yin might have huge reputation, but he is not a true hero." Ouyang Bi Sang, however, loftily snorted, his tone contained disdain, "The grand Wolf King was actually sneakily hiding in some corner like a rat, it really makes people look down upon him."


 "But, such a Wolf King is the most troublesome!" Liu Wen Wu sighed inwardly while opening his weeping eyes and asked the group, "Do any of you have a good method to deal with Wolf King?"


 Mo Shi Kuang and Ouyang Bi Sang stopped speaking.


 They were experts at fighting, things like strategizing were not their strong points.


 "I have a plan." Bei Cao Chuan stood up and said confidently, "Wolf King Chang Shan Yin was originally Chang tribe’s tribesman. Although he spoke of taking revenge, the blood-ties he has with Chang tribe is unmistakable and cannot be severed. The current Chang tribe leader Lord Chang Biao was once Chang Shan Yin’s best friend. After Chang Shan Yin disappeared, Chang Biao married his wife and raised his three year old son who is currently Chang tribe’s young tribe leader Chang Ji You. We might as well try to use this to deal with Wolf King, who knows if it might be effective?"


 "Hmm...this idea is not bad!" Liu Wen Wu’s eyes gleamed.


 ...


 After the discussion ended, Fang Yuan returned to his large lizard house Gu.


 The problem of refining rank five lurking soul coat Gu had been hurting his head recently. If he could borrow Hei tribe’s Gu Immortal’s power to organize a mutated beast group and also refine rank five lurking soul coat Gu, it would be the best.


 Fang Yuan felt there was a huge chance for this to succeed. Although he could not remember all the minor details of this time’s struggle for Imperial Court, but he knew clearly Hei Lou Lan was able to enter Imperial Court and the support of the Gu Immortal behind Hei Lou Lan was inseparable from this.


 "The two sides will at least rest and reorganize for three days. In this time, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals will have received Hei Lou Lan’s letter for assistance. Before this, I need to prepare..."


 Thinking of his great plan, the corners of Fang Yuan’s lips involuntarily curled up into a smile.



***
Chapter 528: True Martial Secret, Awaiting Assistance


***





 Chapter 528: True Martial Secret, Awaiting Assistance


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Xiao Hun blessed land.


 This place was always covered in dense dark clouds and female-shaped trees grew on the ground.


 These trees were very peculiar; the tree trunk was curved and branches wrapped around each other like a girl’s naked body. The trees were in all kinds of enchanting postures.


 Female-shaped trees grew all over the place, becoming a forest.


 In the deepest part of the forest was the tallest female-shaped tree with a height of one thousand feet and roots that extended for a range of ten thousand li.


 This female-shaped tree king, however, did not look seductive, instead giving off pure and holy aura.


 The tree king’s trunk was ramrod straight, giving a highly spirited feeling. Its two enormous branches formed into hands that covered the chest. The side branches from them formed into two well-developed and large palms that lifted a green treehouse.


 Red vermillion fruits grew all over the treehouse with reddish-brown rattan twining around them, making the fruits look like hearts.


 Two Gu Immortals were sitting inside this treehouse, both in black clothes.


 On the left was an ordinary looking man who was called ’Hei tribe stoneman’ during his young age, he was awkward at conversing but was smart and careful inside; he was Hei Bai.


 On the right side, however, was a handsome man who was radiating with vigor, having eyes that seemed to shine, and appeared confident and at ease; he was Hei tribe’s supreme elder Hei Cheng, Hei Lou Lan’s father and a famous handsome man as well as the male lead in Su Xian’s night elopement.


 "Say, you just returned from Ni Yu blessed land, did you see Dong Fang Chang Fan? How is he?" Hei Cheng asked leisurely while taking a sip of tea.


 Hei Bai nodded: "Senior Dong Fang isn’t looking for lifespan Gu, there is not much of his lifespan left, he can probably only live for two-three years more. But his vision is broad and has magnanimous conduct, already seeing through the trouble of life and death and only wants to wholeheartedly nurture his successor Dong Fang Yu Liang now."


 "Magnanimous conduct, broad vision?" Hei Cheng scoffed, shaking his head in disdain, "Brother, you saw wrong. Dong Fang Chang Fan is a genuine petty person, he schemed against the northern plains and is extremely insidious and so is hated by all the Gu Immortals. If it was not so, he could have already bought lifespan Gu, why would he have fallen into this state? I have been secretly investigating over these years and have discovered he had a hand in my wife Su Xian Er’s death!"


 Hei Cheng revealed this secret information, causing Hei Bai to be extremely startled.


 "What? There was such a thing?" Hei Bai exclaimed in shock.


 Su Xian Er was Hei Cheng’s wife. Over two hundred years back, Su Xian Er was no more than a daughter of a concubine in Su tribe; and while she poured wine for Lord Hei Cheng back then in the banquet, Hei Cheng immediately fell in love at first sight.


 In that banquet, Hei Cheng was poisoned by Su tribe leader, his strength fell to the bottom and he was hunted down.


 After Su Xian Er accidentally learned of it, she resolutely rushed out of the tribe in the dead of night to rescue Hei Cheng whom she had only met once.


 At that time, Su Xian Er only had rank one cultivation, and ferocious beasts roamed the night grassland that were beyond her ability to contend.


 But under the play of fate, she was able to find the unconscious Hei Cheng.


 Hei Cheng was thus saved and managed to live. He had then asked Su Xian Er with suspicion: "I was plotted against by your tribe leader and you are a Su tribesman, why would you save an enemy of your tribe?"


 Su Xian Er had answered: "Lord has a noble spirit, this humble girl fell in love at first sight. Su tribe leader is short-sighted and plotted against lord under the persuasion of some petty people, but he never considered the result of offending Hei tribe. If he was allowed to have his way, Su tribe is destined to become a sacrificial pawn between two super tribes. People say lord repays a favor received by a hundred times. This humble girl saved lord today and only hopes lord can give me a place to stay. It is just and proper for lord to take revenge against Su tribe, but I hope lord can be merciful and leave behind a trace of bloodline for Su tribe."


 The moonlight shone on the jade-like beauty with slender and fair hands.


 Hei Cheng was overwhelmed at this sight, he tightly held Su Xian Er’s hand and swore: "Your love is as deep as the sea, I, Hei Cheng, am not a cruel person, how could I not repay you? From today onwards, you will be my only wife! I will not care for any other beauties, no matter how beautiful they are. In this life, I will never betray you!"


 Su Xian Er saving Hei Cheng was akin to betraying the tribe. Hei Cheng was very grateful and interlinked with her as husband and wife.


 From that day onwards, the two helped each other, loving and respecting each other their whole life. Hundred years later, both became Gu Immortals, becoming a story that spread far and wide in northern plains. And Su Xian’s night elopement was also spread wide, encouraging countless women to bravely take the initiative to love.


 Hei Bai’s mood became solemn: "Could it be over twenty years ago sister-in-law did not die because of the blessed land’s earthly calamity?"


 Hei Cheng scoffed: "There was indeed an earthly calamity, but the earthly calamity was influenced by people. Don’t forget brother, old ancestor Giant Sun Immortal Venerable has such methods. Dong Fang tribe has entered Imperial Court many times as a tribe with Huang Jin bloodline, they might have received an inheritance relevant to such methods from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Sigh, I only have a little evidence, it is not enough to prove Dong Fang Chang Fan as the main culprit."


 Hei Bai remained dazed for quite a while before sighing: "You really can’t judge people by appearance."


 Hei Cheng patted his shoulder and comforted in a gentle voice: "Brother, you have become a Gu Immortal for less than ten years. Gu Immortals’ circle might not be big, but the treacherous conspiracies inside it are much deeper than between mortals."


 Hei Bai was just about to speak, when his expression blanked: "Hei Lou Lan has send a letter."


 Hei Cheng nodded, and with a shift of his mind, loosened the defense over Xiao Hun blessed land by a little; the space opened up and in flew a butterfly.


 Hei Bai stretched his right hand; this butterfly fluttered and gently landed on his palm.


 This was rank five butterfly letter Gu.


 Hei Bai closed his eyes and concentrated on the butterfly letter Gu from Hei Lou Lan, containing his request.


 "What is it, did that disappointing child of mine ask you for help again?" When Hei Bai opened his eyes, Hei Cheng snorted and asked with a displeased tone.


 Hei Bai forced a smile: "Brother, Hei Lou Lan is you and sister-in-law Su Xian Er’s son. Although sister-in-law suffered and fell seriously ill when giving birth to Hei Lou Lan, leading to her strength being greatly diminished and thus passing away in the earthly calamity several years later, the child is still innocent, you should not disregard him because of it. You even gave him to the twenty-seventh concubine Fairy Jiang Yu to adopt and did not allow him to light an incense to pay respects to his own mother."


 Hei Cheng snorted with dissatisfaction, but did not argue.


 Hei Bai sighed: "This is your family affair and it is truly not my place to meddle. But I have given a lot of thoughts to big brother’s actions; you sent Hei Lou Lan to be adopted by the childless Fairy Jiang Yu in order to preserve Hei Lou Lan’s life though her Immortal Gu Dark Limit. Hei Lou Lan has the ten extreme physique — Great Strength True Martial. To stimulate his spirit, you gave him a condition that as long as he advanced to Gu Immortal, he could light the incense for his mother. Little brother deeply admire your actions, but big brother, your way of doing things will only deepen the misunderstandings between father and son, it is not a good method looking at the long term drawbacks."


 Hei Cheng heaved a sigh, not replying Hei Bai, but instead asked: "What did that child mention in the request?"


 Hei Bai clapped his palm and smiled: "Look big brother, you showed indifference but you still care about nephew’s safety in your heart. Nephew hopes we can prepare a mutated wolf group and also a rank five lurking soul coat Gu."


 "Hmph, this kid is truly insolent! Lurking soul coat Gu is okay, but our Hei tribe does not have mutated wolf group."


 "Right now, our Hei tribe is battling Liu tribe, Liu tribe’s current generation tribe leader Liu Wen Wu is not someone who can be underestimated. Back then, the inheritance of Harmony Immortal fell in his hand. He has two sworn brothers, both are fierce warriors and can match ten thousand soldiers. However, nephew Lou Lan also has a great general under him - Wolf King Chang Shan Yin. This time’s request is because he has placed his hopes on Chang Shan Yin." Hei Bai explained.


 Hei Cheng mumbled: "Rank five lurking soul coat Gu is no issue, I have one with me. But mutated wolf group would have to be purchased from treasure yellow heaven. I will have to request brother for this."


 Hei Bai quickly shook his hand: "Brother, you don’t have to be so polite. I still need to rely on nephew to enter Imperial Court and find Immortal Gu Wooden Chicken in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building."


 Hei Cheng heaved a long sigh and said with an exhausted voice: "Great Strength True Martial physique needs a strength path Immortal Gu to advance to Gu Immortal realm. Unfortunately, Immortal Gu are very difficult to find, our Hei tribe also does not have any strength path Immortal Gu. Success and failure is decided by heaven, we can only try our best. We have already done all we can, now everything will depend on Hei Lou Lan’s efforts and luck."


 ’Parents are truly constantly worrying about their children.’ Hei Bai sighed inwardly and said his farewell to Hei Cheng.


 After he returned to his Ku Mu blessed land, he immediately connected to treasure yellow heaven and started buying mutated wolves.


 Wolf emperors could be considered as a strength of blessed land, it was very hard to find Gu Immortals selling them. But mutated wolves were only equivalent to rank four and were much easier to find.


 Hei Bai was not worried, mutated beasts were not rare and precious goods and as long as one had sufficient immortal essence stones, they could buy a large group of them.


 Of course, spending a lot to buy the mutated wolf group was a loss to Hei Bai. But he was planning for a Immortal Gu in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and it was right for him to invest in the early stages.


 Imperial Court blessed land was the work of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and unless one reached rank nine, no Gu Immortals could enter inside!


 After the news of buying mutated wolf group in high price was spread, Hei Bai soon received a divine sense from someone called ’Fox Immortal’.


 ’Fox Immortal’ had over a hundred mutated wolves and quoted a rather high price for them, they were clearly taking advantage of Hei Bai’s difficulty.


 Hei Bai had already anticipated such a situation, it was only that he had not expected this ’Fox Immortal’ to move so quickly at the chance. He gnashed his teeth and bought this group of mutated wolves.


 The one selling this group of mutated wolves was none other than Little Hu Immortal who had received Fang Yuan’s instructions.


 Previously, they had resold Immortal Gu recipes and earned dozen or so immortal essence stones; Fang Yuan had then instructed Little Hu Immortal to purchase purple crystal relic Gu and also look for any wolf groups sold cheaply at treasure yellow heaven, and buy them.


 Thus, Hu Immortal blessed land had accumulated over a hundred mutated wolves; among them were blood forest wolf, berserk wolf, shark fin wolf, white-eyes wolf and others.


 Now, by reselling these mutated wolves at high price to Hei Bai, they had profited quite a bit.


 As for Fang Yuan, he was calmly resting in the camp, waiting for Hei tribe’s assistance.



***
Chapter 529: Diligence despite transmigration


***





 Chapter 529: Diligence despite transmigration


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 It was difficult to move through the muddy swamp, but Ma tribe’s army was in high spirits.


 The happiness of annexing Dou tribe army as well as the excitement of a decisive victory could still be seen on everyone’s faces.


 Ma Ying Jie was riding a horse and as he looked at the generals and soldiers around him with satisfaction, as an investigative Gu Master brought him the latest battle reports.


 He opened up the documents and read:


 "Hei tribe and Liu tribe has begun to fight. The first battle resulted in a draw, and currently, both are garrisoned opposite each other. The situation is in a stalemate."


 "Ye Lui army was ambushed at night by the seven army alliance. Ye Lui Sang was very powerful and defeated six rank five experts one after another, but he was only one person and was unable to save the situation. Currently, Ye Lui tribe’s remnant army is fleeing towards Qing An region."


 "Rat King Jiang Bao Ya has accepted Yang tribe’s invitation and has officially entered Yang tribe’s alliance."


 "Nu Er Tu army has not resumed their expedition, instead resting and capturing huge numbers of leopard groups."


 ...


 These battle reports caused Ma Ying Jie to smile with joy: ’Hei Lou Lan and Liu Wen Wu are popular candidates to win this time’s Imperial Court contest. I did not think these two would confront each other this early, it will be good if they both suffer. Since Ye Lui Sang obtained Immortal Gu, he is a one-man army. But for Ye Lui tribe to be suddenly attacked by the seven armies, Snowy Mountain most likely has influence behind it.’


 Ma tribe, to advance to a super tribe, had secretly joined hands with demonic path Gu Immortals who were coveting after Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Ma Ying Jie was Ma tribe’s young tribe leader and thus was aware of the undertable deals of the tribes.


 Northern plains was like a huge chessboard while the Gu Immortals were the chess players.


 Besides righteous path Gu Masters, demonic path Gu Immortals also had their own pawns whom they supported. And as the tribes with Huang Jin bloodline were willing to join hands with demonic path Gu Immortals in order to have a better survival chance. If they lost in the struggle for Imperial Court, these tribes would often enter the blessed lands of the demonic path Gu Immortals to escape from the blizzard disaster.


 Immortal Gu were rare.


 Ye Lui tribe’s supreme elder had entrusted an Immortal Gu to Ye Lui Sang; it was equivalent to placing a bet in this game.


 According to the rules set by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, as long as Immortal Gu were snatched by mortals in the struggle for Imperial Court, the Gu Immortals cannot take them back.


 Such a huge bet had its corresponding risk.


 It was because of the Immortal Gu on Ye Lui Sang that caused him to be the target of Gu Immortals. Thus they incited seven armies to ambush Ye Lui army.


 "Rat King has joined Yang tribe which means an alliance of Rat King and Eagle King Yang Po Ying, causing this underdog Yang tribe to become a new contender to win the struggle for Imperial Court. But Yang tribe’s foundations are far inferior to our Ma tribe and Rat King was also already crippled, they aren’t of much threat to us."


 "Although Nu Er Tu is called Leopard King, his leopard group has been inflicted heavy losses. However, he has been capturing wild leopard groups by himself without asking for help from the Gu Immortal behind him, this is a bit strange..."


 "But overall, my Ma tribe’s situation is still much better. Our next opponents are weaker than us. As long as we keep on winning, continue to devour other tribes and expand, our hopes of entering Imperial Court will become bigger and bigger!"


 Ma Ying Jie could not help clenching his fists at this, his eyes letting out a fierce light. The ambitions and goals of a man were pushing him to establish great feats and accomplishments.


 And at the same time, within the high spirited army was a little girl, who was weeping in a carriage.


 "Lady Xiao Yun, don’t keep on grieving, your father’s death was a heart rending event, but you need to eat, if not you will faint from hunger." Beside the little girl, the anxious Fei Cai was comforting her in a clumsy way.


 This weeping little girl was none other than Zhao Lian Yun.


 Her father, Zhao tribe’s leader, had sacrificed his life in the previous large battle.


 Losing the protection of the father who loved her dearly, Zhao Lian Yun immediately felt her world toppling. On the very night of her father’s death, her stepmother remarried the new Zhao tribe leader, and Zhao Lian Yun’s position took a sharp dive.


 "There will always be deaths in war, this is normal. My father was also killed by others." Fei Cai continued to persuade Zhao Lian Yun when he saw she was still crying.


 Zhao Lian Yun suddenly raised her head while sobbing, looking at Fei Cai with an insoluble hatred in her tear-filled eyes, and kicked him: "You idiot, you don’t even know how to comfort people!"


 The sorrow in her heart was not fake. Although she inexplicably arrived in this world and it had not been long since her arrival, her father’s love towards her was filled with sincerity. She was very grateful for this genuine love and her dependence on him had slowly grown into true affection.


 But now, her father had died in the battlefield, making her alone and helpless.


 "Missy, you were hiding here, you really caused much trouble for me! Quick, follow me, your mother is calling you." At this time, the curtain of the carriage was lifted open by the old caretaker who then grabbed Zhao Lian Yun’s small arm.


 Zhao Lian Yun struggled and shouted: "My mother is dead, she is not my mother! I won’t go!"


 "This is not up to you!" The old caretaker scoffed and tried to forcibly drag Zhao Lian Yun out of the carriage.


 When she had been serving Zhao Lian Yun, she was teased and pranked by Zhao Lian Yun time and again. Now, as she looked at Zhao Lian Yun’s miserable state, the old caretaker felt the pleasure of taking revenge.


 "Let go of Lady Xiao Yun!" Fei Cai shouted and punched the old caretaker.


 The old caretaker fell out of the carriage from this heavy punch. She stood up and touched her eye that had become purple from the bruise. She screamed in a shrill voice: "You hit me, a slave dared to hit a civilian? Who gave you such big guts!! I will report you, you are going to die. You will be skinned alive and your corpse will be hung up in the sunlight till it dries up!"


 The old caretaker was extremely furious, and with her unkempt hair and sinister gaze, she looked like a hopping old hen.


 However, her scream had indeed attracted the surrounding people.


 Fei Cai clenched his fists and furiously stared at the old caretaker while firmly protecting Zhao Lian Yun behind him.


 Zhao Lian Yun pushed aside Fei Cai’s arm and stood on the carriage, her fair face still had tear stains, she looked at the old caretaker and scoffed: "What was it? You want to punish Fei Cai? Alright! Report him, but according to the rules, you need to first inform his master to demand compensation. Since it is so, go look for young tribe leader. Fei Cai is Lord Ma Ying Jie’s slave leader!"


 "What?!" The old caretaker cried out in shock, her screams abruptly stopped and the anger in her heart dissipated like a tide, only leaving behind an extreme terror.


 This rash stupid kid was actually lord Ma Ying Jie personal slave? Moreover, he was lord Ma Ying Jie’s slave leader who was in charge of his everyday life?


 One needed to look at the owner before beating the dog.


 The old caretaker might be a civilian with a status higher than that of a slave, but it was a different matter when Fei Cai was Ma Ying Jie’s slave leader.


 If she truly reported recklessly, she might instead be sacrificed by Zhao tribe!


 After the shock, the old caretaker who had lost her face greatly looked gloomy. She rigidly stared at Zhao Lian Yun: "Little girl, even young tribe leader Ma Ying Jie’s slave leader cannot protect you. You are a person of Zhao tribe, even after your death, you will be our Zhao tribe’s ghost. Your mother is our Zhao tribe’s current tribe lady. Listen to me properly, tribe lady has already arranged your marriage to Wei tribe’s eldest young master! Now behave properly!"


 "What?!" Zhao Lian Yun involuntarily cried out.


 "Marrying to Wei tribe’s eldest young master is your blessing." The old caretaker sinisterly smiled.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s whole body shook and fell down on the wooden board of the carriage.


 "Lady Xiao Yun!" Fei Cai quickly supported her.


 The old caretaker felt incomparable pleasure at this sight and left with immense satisfaction. She still needed report to Zhao tribe’s tribe lady.


 Zhao Lian Yun was expressionlessly, this immense shock left her in a dazed state filled with despair, allowing Fei Cai to hold her in the carriage. For three days, she curled up at a corner of the carriage, without moving or speaking.


 Fei Cai’s persuasion was of no use, and could only helplessly feed her.


 Zhao Lian Yun was like a wooden puppet, letting Fei Cai control her.


 Fei Cai also could not accompany her all the time, and every time Ma Ying Jie summoned him, he would immediately leave.


 This sudden change of events and this ice-cold reality shattered the foolish pride Zhao Lian Yun had as a transmigrator.


 She suddenly had a profound realization: ’A transmigrator is nothing special. Why did I think I could whip up a storm in this world after being so ordinary in my previous world?’


 Moreover, women were discriminated in northern plains and were treated as goods to be used for political marriage. Northern plains’ women could only adhere to men and could not refuse a man’s forceful marriage. This was a rule set by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Previously, when she heard of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s deeds, she felt like she was listening to a story, listening to a legend of a hero. But now, she was personally experiencing the torment caused by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 "Women are like clothes while brothers are like our hands and feet." This was the favorite catchphrase of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he pulled apart the status of man and woman to an extremely unfair level. Now he had become the most detestable person in Zhao Lian Yun’s heart!


 "No wonder Su Xian’s night elopement story pierced so deep into people’s hearts, causing northern plains’ women to eagerly imitate it. Rather than passively suffering fate’s arrangement, it is better to take the initiative to chase after one’s happiness. But this carries unknown risks!"


 As she thought of this, Zhao Lian Yun’s awareness of the vile living environment deepened by another layer.


 "Wei tribe’s eldest young master is a famous trash. He is fat like a pig with pockmarks all over his face and only at rank one peak stage but is extremely lecherous and very fickle-hearted. It is because of his incompetence, Wei tribe’s young tribe leader position went to his younger brother."


 "I won’t marry that pig even if I die! But what should I do? I am only a mortal, and since I haven’t reached thirteen, I cannot awaken my aperture and cannot cultivate. It is also possible that I don’t have any cultivation aptitude. And the person who killed my father is Dou E, a rank five Gu Master who has sided with Ma tribe now and is now a higher-up of the alliance!"


 "Who can I rely on? What path should I take?"


 Bewilderment, hesitation and fear filled Zhao Lian Yun’s heart. 

 In the early morning of the fourth day, Fei Cai lifted up the carriage curtain and entered with food and clean water. The light of the dawn followed the curtain opening and shone on Zhao Lian Yun’s face.


 Zhao Lian Yun woke up, slowly opening her swollen eyes.


 "You brought food?" She grabbed the food from Fei Cai’s hand and began to devour it.


 "Lady Xiao Yun, are you okay?" Fei Cai was happy at this change.


 "Yes, I have thought it through, it is better to rely on myself. Although I have been bound by the wedding betrothment, it can only be implemented when I am sixteen. I still have time!" Zhao Lian Yun’s gaze shone like fire.


 "Ah, Lady Xiao Yun, you don’t accept the betrothal?" Fei Cai was startled; in his impression, northern plains could only accept their fate when their marriage was decided.


 Zhao Lian Yun rolled her eyes and spoke in a righteous tone: "Hmph, I am not an ordinary person, I absolutely won’t compromise! But I cannot go to the tribe now and can only live here for some time, and rely on you Fei Cai."


 "No problem." Fei Cai patted his chest, laughing foolishly.


 Zhao Lian Yun’s heart warmed and her tone turned softer: "Fei Cai, your father also died in battlefield?"


 "Yes, he died. I was heartbroken during that time. But death is normal in northern plains. Father died in battle, he died a glorious death." Fei Cai said with a smile.


 ’As expected, winner takes it all! Under the dazzling and splendid throne lies a path of bones.’ Zhao Lian Yun sighed, before cursing, ’What a scam, I crossed over to this world and have yet to mature but my fate has already been decided by others, I can’t even begin to feel anger!’


 ...


 A letter was placed in front of Fang Yuan.


 This special letter was openly sent by the enemy and was now brought over by Cunning Gentleman Sun Shi Han.


 Fang Yuan opened it and read; this letter was personally written by Chang Biao, reminiscing the past and how they were on opposite sides now. He was inviting Wolf King to have a discussion before the battle and reminisce about the old times. And at that time, he could let Chang Ji You meet his father.


 "Great ploy." Fang Yuan scoffed and placed down the letter.


 At this time, Sun Shi Han smiled: "The mutated wolf group and rank five lurking soul coat gu have both arrived. But the higher-ups of the alliance are hesitating because of this letter. They are hoping Lord Wolf King would battle against your kin in the name of righteousness, to prove your innocence. Otherwise, I’m afraid this mutated wolf group..."



***
Chapter 530: Adjusting his appearance for him


***





 Chapter 530: Adjusting his appearance for him


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Liu tribe defense line, inside the camp tent.


 "Mother, what kind of person was father?" Chang Ji You had a hesitant expression, after a long while, he asked the burning question in his heart.


 He had never met Chang Shan Yin, back then when Chang Shan Yin’s mother died from poison, and when Chang Shan Yin fought to the death with Ha Tu Gu, Chang Ji You was only an unborn child in his mother’s womb.


 His mother Ni Xue Tong had a frowned expression as she breathed out, using a nostalgic tone: "My child, has your heart wavered? Don’t forget our current circumstances. Don’t worry about your father, he is a legend in northern plains, back then he killed Ha Tu Gu and the bandits single-handedly, he is a hero who exterminated a great threat for the people."


 Chang Ji You interrupted his mother: "Mother, I’m sick of hearing that. Since birth, I’ve been hearing these stories all my life, wherever I go, whatever I do, people will say ’oh look, as expected of Chang Shan Yin’s son’. Father is like the eagle in the sky, flying high and casting his shadow on the ground. In a few days, I will be meeting him, my heart is in a mess, I just want to hear his..."


 Chang Ji You was still speaking, when the tent flap was opened, as a domineering middle-aged man with a powerful aura walked in.


 It was Chang tribe’s current tribe leader, Chang Shan Yin’s brother, rank four upper stage wind path expert, Chang Biao.


 "Greetings to lord stepfather." Chang Ji You quickly paid respects.


 "My child, go out first, I need to talk with your mother." Chang Biao said gently.


 "Yes." Chang Ji You had to leave the tent.


 Once the flap was closed, with the guards outside, there were only Chang Biao and Ni Xue Tong left in the tent.


 "Husband!" Ni Xue Tong jumped into Chang Biao’s embrace, tears flowing out of her weak and feeble eyes.


 "Sigh, I know you have been feeling terrible these days!" Chang Biao embraced Ni Xue Tong as he caressed her hair softly. At the same time, he used his Gu worm to isolate the place from the outside.


 Ni Xue Tong sobbed: "You Er has been asking me about Chang Shan Yin again, what should I say? Do you know, just now I had the urge and almost told him the truth, that he is not Chang Shan Yin’s flesh and blood, that he is the crystallization of our love!"


 Chang Biao’s body shuddered, he was also feeling great conflict and pain in his heart.


 He solemnly said: "This is all my fault for being useless! Back then we were childhood friends, it was Chang Shan Yin who came into the picture abruptly and lusted after your beauty. On the day of our marriage, he snatched you away. I was not his match, I could only find you at night secretly and that resulted in our son Chang Ji You. But once he was born, if his bloodline was examined, the truth would be out and we would be doomed. Thus, I and Ha Tu Gu cooperated and plotted against Chang Shan Yin."


 "Next, I used my status as Chang Shan Yin’s brother to marry you and make Chang Ji You my godson. These years, although the tribe isn’t in good shape, this is the happiest years of our lives. Chang Ji You was successfully made young tribe leader by me, but precisely so, you cannot expose this secret."


 Once the secret is exposed, Chang Biao and Ni Xue Tong would get publicly shamed, they would be called an ’adulterous couple’, and they will never be able to raise their heads again. They even caused harm to an expert of the tribe, for their own selfish motives, they disregarded the tribe’s situation, it was truly a heinous crime!


 As for Chang Ji You, he would be the shameful ’illegitimate child’. Be it his young tribe leader position, or Chang Biao’s tribe leader position, they would be at risk of being taken, as people with ambitions would target them.


 Righteous path had its own rules.


 All along, Chang Biao had been taking care of his deceased brother’s wife, and treated his godson as his own. Such brotherhood was admirable, such gracefulness was praised widely.


 And exactly because of this, Chang Biao held a small advantage and became Chang tribe’s new tribe leader.


 Once this truth was exposed, he would lose everything. The ambitionists in the tribe would not let him go. In order to recruit Chang Shan Yin, Liu Wen Wu would not give up this chance.


 By then, his only option would be to escape with Ni Xue Tong and his own flesh and blood Chang Ji You, becoming a demonic Gu Master. He would be despised by his tribe, and chased by his tribe.


 "Why? Why! Why is Longevity Heaven doing this to us! We love each other so dearly, yet we end up in such a spot! Chang Shan Yin was the real culprit, he is an evil person, why is he praised. As for us, we can only wear a mask to live, even lying to our own son?" Ni Xue Tong cried profusely, she was very emotional.


 These days, she had been under a lot of pressure.


 Ever since ’Chang Shan Yin’ reappeared, she had not been sleeping well, her former nightmare reappeared, causing her to fall into deep worry.


 "Do you think that Liu tribe alliance leader is trying to recruit Chang Shan Yin? If Chang Shan Yin agrees, would we have to go back to that life? Chang Shan Yin is taking revenge everywhere now, will he find out the fact that we plotted against him? If he returns to the tribe, what will we do?" Lying in her lover’s embrace, Ni Xue Tong asked multiple questions as she raised her neck.


 "It won’t happen, it won’t. Don’t think of it as such a severe situation." Chang Biao gently consoled the woman of his life.


 "Firstly, Chang Shan Yin has not found out we were the culprit. Otherwise, with his nature, he would’ve declared it long ago and caused our reputation to go down the drain. He is only suspicious of Chang tribe having a traitor, but he does not know who."


 "Liu alliance leader does want to recruit Chang Shan Yin, he is Wolf King after all, an enslavement path master, any alliance would welcome him and get his assistance. But Lord Liu Wen Wu is not a normal person, he knows clearly in his heart that there is little hope of getting the Wolf King to come over, his greatest intention is to sow discord and waver the Wolf King’s fighting spirit."


 "Think about it, Chang Shan Yin does not know about Chang Ji You’s true identity, he thinks this is his son. As a father, what would he be thinking? Blood is thicker than water, when Chang Shan Yin thinks about Chang Ji You being killed by his wolf group, would he go all out in the upcoming battle?"


 "Is that so..." Ni Xue Tong heard this and calmed down.


 "Alright, stop worrying, I am here." Chang Biao patted Ni Xue Tong’s back with an affectionate gaze.


 The tent was filled with the warmth of love.


 But this kind of atmosphere, how long would it last?


 Neither Chang Biao nor Ni Xue Tong had any confidence in this.


 Whoosh!


 A person broke the large lizard house Gu’s window and crashed in.


 Cunning Gentleman Sun Shi Han sprawled on the ground, his face was bruised as he shouted loudly with a fearful and vicious expression: "Wolf King attacked, Wolf King attacked me! He is revolting, he is murdering us, help, save me!"


 Sun Shi Han was a popular person near Hei Lou Lan, his shouts quickly attracted many Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan snorted, jumping out of the window and giving Sun Shi Han another kick.


 Sun Shi Han did not dare to activate his Gu worm, he could only evade.


 But Fang Yuan changed his attack just in time, sweeping with his right fist and slamming into Sun Shi Han’s nose.


 Sun Shi Han groaned, just as he got up from the ground, he fell again. His entire face was full of blood, his nose bridge was broken and two of his front teeth fell out, he was in a pathetic state.


 But the Gu Masters who came did not do anything, they breathed a sigh of relief secretly.


 Be it Fang Yuan or Sun Shi Han, they did not use their Gu worms. This was not breaking the rules, it was merely a small scuffle.


 When people interacted, there was bound to be conflict. As arguments occur, it was normal to get physical. As long as Gu worms were not used to fight, the poison vow would not be violated.


 "Chang Shan Yin, you are too arrogant! Your wife and children are at the enemy’s camp, I am only reminding you out of kindness, you actually got furious and beat me! You are definitely guilty!" Sun Shi Han crawled up, shouting with his shrill voice.


 The words caused the surrounding Gu Masters to talk among themselves. Chang tribe and Chang Shan Yin’s relationship was known to all. These days, Hei tribe army had been talking about it.


 Seeing Sun Shi Han’s smug and vicious gaze, Fang Yuan laughed in disdain, he did not say a thing, but instead, responded with his fist.


 Bam bam bam!


 Fang Yuan’s attacks were full of strength, although Sun Shi Han had some strength path foundation, how could it compare to Fang Yuan’s immense investment in the strength path?


 After several moves, he was beaten on the floor again, lying there as he was punched and kicked.


 "Wolf King is amazing, although he is an enslavement path master, his strength path foundation is very strong." Everyone was shocked.


 "Great fight, I had wanted to thrash this scoundrel Cunning Gentleman long ago." Some of the army’s higher-ups smirked.


 "Chang Shan Yin, you think I am easy to bully!" Sun Shi Han was thrashed until his body felt pain all over, his head was in a daze as his heart was filled with rage and humiliation.


 "You still have the strength to speak." Fang Yuan snorted as he unleashed another round of punches.


 Sun Shi Han was beaten to a pulp, he vomited blood as his front teeth all fell off, even the teeth at the back of his mouth were shaking.


 "Wolf King is so ruthless..."


 "Sun Shi Han is a rank four expert after all, to think he was beaten defenseless, what a weakling."


 "Stupid! He made a poison vow and could not use Gu worms, in terms of close combat, Wolf King is an enslavement path master, he would definitely be suppressed by Sun Shi Han."


 The discussions became louder, be it Chang Shan Yin or Sun Shi Han, they were people with great authority. Right now they were brawling it out, such a scene was rare, everyone was watching with bright eyes.


 Sun Shi Han heard the comments and felt humiliated, he almost gritted his teeth off.


 Although he barely had any left.


 He wanted to resist, but neither his strength nor moves were Fang Yuan’s match, he could not take a thrashing.


 "Endure, I must endure! If I use a Gu, I would truly lose. I need to wait for alliance leader to come and uphold justice for me, Chang Shan Yin will get it!!" Sun Shi Han screamed in his heart.


 "Alliance leader is here!"


 "Greetings to lord alliance leader!!"


 The surrounding people went into chaos as they quickly gave way.


 Hei Lou Lan, Hao Ji Liu and others came to the area. Seeing this, Hei Lou Lan frowned as he asked Fang Yuan coldly: "What is going on?"


 Sun Shi Han’s body shuddered, using a mystical source of strength, he struggled as he crawled up and shouted: "Alliance leader, please seek justice for me..."


 Plop.


 Before he finished, Fang Yuan stepped on his head as he used great force, causing Sun Shi Han’s entire face to sink into the soil.


 Hei Lou Lan shouted loudly: "Stop it! Wolf King, what are you doing?!"


 "H... he iz revulting! He ish revorting..." Sun Shi Han shouted loudly, his mouth was filled with soil as he spoke unclearly.


 Fang Yuan sneered, exerting strength and stepping three times, burying Sun Shi Han’s voice in the soil. Sun Shi Han’s nose and mouth were blocked, his head also suffered a great hit, he felt dizzy and suffocation, his limbs struggled wildly but he could do nothing against Fang Yuan’s strength.


 Hei Lou Lan’s face turned pitch black like charcoal.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was like a dagger, staring coldly at him and the Gu Masters behind him: "Can’t you all see what I am doing? I am thrashing him."


 Hei Lou Lan stared at Fang Yuan angrily, shouting: "Wolf King, give me a clear explanation, why did you beat him up?! Are you really trying to rebel?"


 Fang Yuan laughed in disdain, saying slowly: "No need to be angry Hei tribe leader, if I wanted to rebel, why would I need to make such a din?"


 Saying so, he let go of Sun Shi Han.


 Sun Shi Han lost the pressure and bounced up, desperately gasping for air like he was suffocating.


 But Fang Yuan stepped again, this time, on his right cheek.


 Sun Shi Han used both his hands to pull Fang Yuan’s feet, but he was already weak and out of energy. Just like this, he was stepped on the face by someone in public, his reputation was ruined.


 Fang Yuan said slowly and casually: "Although I have not thought of rebelling, I do not want any schemes or plots to fall on my wife and children. During the battle, I will do my part and fight with my full strength. By then, if they die, that would be their honor to die on the battlefield. Since I, Wolf King, have joined the Hei army, I would not change my stance just because of relationships. However..."


 Saying so, he raised his head as he laughed arrogantly: "It is your own business to be suspicious, that has nothing to do with me. All the mutated beast groups that I want are exchanged using my battle merit, this is a fair trade. I have never owed you anything. Hei tribe leader, if you are suspicious of me, you can take away the mutated beast wolf groups and not let me control them. In the future battle, I swear in the name of the Wolf King, I will still go all-out."


 "You..." Hei Lou Lan was furious.


 Fang Yuan ignored his threat, and in fact, threatened him instead.


 Being suspicious is your problem, you can keep the mutated wolves to yourselves. If we lose the battle, that will be your responsibility.


 Can Hei Lou Lan not give them to him?


 He had the great strength true martial physique, even if he used dark limit Immortal Gu, he was starting to feel the inability to suppress it. He needed a strength path Immortal Gu to advance to Gu Immortal realm.


 However, Wolf King created a din and made everyone know about this. If he did not give him the mutated beast group, what would the army think of him? They would think that Hei Lou Lan refused to utilize Wolf King despite him being here. Like the saying goes, a man being used cannot be suspected while a suspected man cannot be used , if he loses the battle, everyone would begrudge Hei Lou Lan.


 "Good, you are amazing Wolf King." Hei Lou Lan’s gaze was cold, he laughed out of anger: "Of course I know the Wolf King’s loyalty, but why did you beat up Sun Shi Han? He is your alliance mate, the enemy is before us, yet you engage in internal scuffle, what are you trying to do?"


 "Hehehe." Fang Yuan shrugged: "This is my fault, because this Sun Shi Han looks way too ugly, he made my heart feel bad. Thus, I thrashed him and adjusted his appearance for him, as expected, he looks much better now. This was my personal action, I will take responsibility for it. According to the rules, I have to compensate Sun Shi Han ten thousand battle merits, no worries, I will compensate him!"


 Sun Shi Han heard this and his anger rushed to his brain, he vomited out a mouthful of blood and fainted.


 The words made all the Gu Master experts present unable to hold in their laughter.


 It was too satisfying!


 There were many who were unhappy with this scoundrel Sun Shi Han.


 Fang Yuan’s assault was truly soothing their hearts.


 Even Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s gaze towards Fang Yuan turned to admiration. He felt that although this Chang Shan Yin was ruthless, he did not strike at his family, but still maintained his righteousness and standpoint, he had his limits and was a true man.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression turned even darker.


 Sun Shi Han was his man, Fang Yuan beating him up in public was also slapping Hei Lou Lan’s face.


 Fang Yuan said it easily, but his battle merits were still in the negative!


 But what could Hei Lou Lan do?


 To deal with Liu tribe army, he needed to rely on the Wolf King’s strength!


 Threatening the Wolf King was to make him carry the sin of killing his own tribesmen, so that his reputation would be affected, allowing Hei Lou Lan to control him more easily.


 But since threats had no effect, Hei Lou Lan only had one option left, that was to comply.



***
Chapter 531: Huge Battle (1\/4)


***





 Chapter 531: Huge Battle (1/4)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The mornings of northern plains were getting colder.


 White frost covered the grassland, and people blew out vapor when they breathed.


 The two armies, with hundreds of thousands of soldiers, were confronting each other.


 Banners fluttered in the sky and the troops formation were as dense as forests.


 Liu tribe and Hei tribe had rested and reorganized for over a dozen days after the first battle before sending the war letter, and today, they both came out to battle once again.


 "Second brother, you went out the previous time, it is my turn now!" Mo Shi Kuang restlessly shouted and impatiently charged towards the front.


 Mo Shi Kuang’s white hair fluttered, his black skin and panther-like eyes shone, his momentum was thunderous as he shouted: "Who seeks death?"


 "This black barbarian again!" Hei tribe’s higher-ups felt anger and fear at the sight of Mo Shi Kuang. In the battle before, many rank four Gu Masters had lost their lives at Mo Shi Kuang’s hands. Mo Shi Kuang’s brutal fighting style caused people to be fearful.


 Hei Lou Lan scoffed, his expression much relaxed than before. He looked at the two new faces in the main tent: "Who among you would like to go first?"


 These two were Gao Yang and Zhu Zai, rank four peak stage Gu Masters, their name of demonic path’s twin demons was spread far and wide.


 In their early days, demonic path’s twin demons had received Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s grace and swore to repay him. Not long ago, Tai Bai Yun Sheng used a letter Gu to try calling them. And a few days ago, they took the initiative to side with Hei tribe army.


 The addition of the two of them immediately filled the gap between Hei tribe and Liu tribe army and allowed Hei tribe’s higher ranked strength to be free from the previous strained circumstances.


 Demonic path’s twin demons were inseparable, but the rule of the challenge was that every side could only send one person to battle.


 The two glanced at each other, already having discussed according to the intel Hei tribe had given them. Zhu Zai stood up and slightly bowed: "I shall go."


 Hei Lou Lan nodded.


 Mo Shi Kuang stared at Zhu Zai’s arrival, revealing a happy expression.


 "A rank four peak stage, good, good! But you don’t look that impressive, I hope you won’t go down with just a few punches."


 Zhu Zai snorted and activated a Gu, his body then rapidly charged forward like an artillery shell.


 Mo Shi Kuang stood at the spot while licking his dried lips, prepared to receive the attack.


 BOOM!


 Zhu Zai ruthlessly smashed against Mo Shi Kuang, creating an explosive sound like that of crackling thunder. The berserk collision of strength resulted in Zhu Zai retreating several steps while Mo Shi Kuang was directly sent flying.


 "Third brother, be careful. This person is Zhu Zai of the demonic path’s twin demons, he cultivates strength path!" Liu Wen Wu reminded in a loud voice from the main tent.


 "Hahaha, strength path Gu Master? Great! I like fighting with such exciting opponents!" Mo Shi Kuang spurted out blood from the injury. He jumped up from the ground, the injury making him more excited instead.


 A crazed look appeared on his coal-like inky black skin, a loud sound echoed, his aura started surging and Mo Shi Kuang charged towards Zhu Zai.


 "Courting death!" Zhu Zai smiled sinisterly as he pounced forward as well.


 BOOM BOOM BOOM.


 The two sides engaged in close combat, their attacks were so fierce and heavy that the collision produced a series of explosive sounds. Mo Shi Kuang was a qi path Gu Master and was using his weakness to fight the enemy’s strong point, but he unexpectedly was not in a disadvantage while fighting such an intense battle with the strength path Gu Master Zhu Zai!


 "Strange, could it be that this Mo Shi Kuang cultivates both qi and strength path?" Hei tribe camp was in a state of shock.


 "It is not like that, Mo Shi Kuang looks like he is fighting close combat, but in truth, his punches are not really landing physically, instead he has a translucent qi armor over his body which he explodes by using qi explosion Gu at the same time, creating an explosive strength comparable to strength path." Cunning Gentleman Sun Shi Han said in a solemn voice.


 He was specialized in investigating and with careful observation, he managed to see through the trick Mo Shi Kuang was playing.


 By synergizing with qi explosion Gu, qi armor Gu became a weapon that could both attack and defend. Gu Masters relied on their wits to use Gu. Often, the coordination of different Gu worms could form a complementing effect.


 "This Mo Shi Kuang is really fierce, this is the first time I saw someone actually suppressing brother Zhu Zai head on!" Gao Yang’s expression was solemn, he had been observing the battle since the start.


 He was extremely familiar with Zhu Zai and understood Zhu Zai was already using almost all his strength, but the enemy, however, was moving so easily and was clearly much relaxed.


 Suddenly, the mad growl of a boar exploded in the air.


 The beast phantom of a grand emperor boar that was as large as an elephant and had awe-inspiring might, appeared in the air.


 Grand emperor boar was a mutated boar, its strength could not be looked down on.


 After dozen or so moves, Zhu Zai finally unleashed a beast phantom. Instantly, his offensive power rose sharply and Mo Shi Kuang was caught unprepared as the huge strength struck him and sent him rolling on the ground.


 Zhu Zai took the chance to chase him and activated his trump card.


 The grand emperor boar phantom gradually disappeared from the air before condensing again. Moreover, another two grand emperor boar phantoms also appeared.


 Three grand emperor boar strength!


 BOOM!


 The enormous strength burst out, causing Zhu Zai’s every punch to create sonic booms.


 Mo Shi Kuang felt a sense of crisis and laughed madly: "Interesting! Come, I will show you my true strength!"


 He activated his movement Gu and swiftly flew up, easily dodging the attack of Zhu Zai’s three boar strength.


 Zhu Zai’s punch landed on the ground, creating a huge crater with stones and mud flying everywhere.


 Mo Shi Kuang’s white hair fluttered in the air as he hovered in the air. He then sent punches after punches towards Zhu Zai.


 ORAORAORA...


 Fist qi smashed down like a meteor rain.


 Zhu Zai kept on dodging while also striking back and destroying these fist qi. But soon after, he was falling into a disadvantage.


 Facing a qi path opponent, Zhu Zai’s strength path’s most common weakness started becoming obvious. He was not like Fang Yuan who had strength qi Gu. Zhu Zai lacked long range attacking methods, and Mo Shi Kuang was able to quickly suppress him after changing his battle tactics.


 "Not good, brother Zhu Zai won’t be able to hold on if he keeps on defending!" Gao Yang knew Zhu Zai’s strengths and weaknesses, and was very anxious at this scene as he immediately asked to be sent to battle.


 Hei Lou Lan also saw the unfavorable situation and immediately agreed.


 "A mere variant human, I will teach you a lesson!" Gao Yang softly shouted, mist started curling around him before condensing into a ribbon that pushed him forward.


 "Don’t even think of using numbers as an advantage!" Ouyang Bi Sang snorted and moved almost at the same time. His speed was very fast, intercepting Gao Yang midway.


 Gao Yang was concerned about Zhu Zai and did not even have any thoughts of fighting Ouyang Bi Sang as he activated cloud rope Gu from a distance.


 Milky white mist surged around Ouyang Bi Sang before condensing into a rope which firmly bound him.


 Gao Yang was specialized in defense and pinning down enemies, while Zhu Zai was specialized in attacking and investigation; the cooperation between the two complemented each other very well.


 Ouyang Bi Sang struggled, the cloud rope shook and broke before condensing again, and actually had the signs of multiplying.


 Ouyang Bi Sang was furious as he started transferring his primeval essence into asura zombie Gu in his aperture and transforming into a zombie.


 With the transformation into asura zombie, his defense and strength surged rapidly.


 Ouyang Bi Sang growled and completely broke the cloud rope with three times the strength. He stamped his foot and flew to the air, blocking Gao Yang again.


 Asura zombie was one of the five great flying zombie Gu, it naturally had the ability to fly.


 Gao Yang simply did not want to tangle with Ouyang Bi Sang; his brows furrowed deeply as he looked at Ouyang Bi Sang blocking him again, and knew the other wanted to provide time for Mo Shi Kuang to kill Zhu Zai. At this thought, he directly activated his trump card Gu.


 Rank five, treacherous cloud wave Gu!


 His primeval sea rapidly fell down, almost lowering by half.


 A grey cloud that was as big as a carriage surged with dark red light floating inside, and rapidly flew towards Ouyang Bi Sang.


 Ouyang Bi Sang moved around and dodged few times, but this cloud followed him like a shadow and finally covered him.


 The instant Ouyang Bi Sang was struck by treacherous cloud wave Gu, he felt his sense of direction was lost, his mind seemed to work extremely slowly and his thoughts were slowed down by many times!


 He could not differentiate which way was east and which was west and even lost the sense of up and down, left and right. For a moment, as he was covered in the grey cloud, he was like a headless fly that was tossing around in the sky.


 "Mo Shi Kuang, don’t be too rampant!" Gao Yang left Ouyang Bi Sang and finally was able to reinforce Zhu Zai in time.


 The two combined their strength, and with their deep tacit-understanding, even Mo Shi Kuang who was fierce and fearless was being gradually suppressed.


 But the three had exchanged no more than over twenty moves when they heard Ouyang Bi Sang’s shout: "Asura transformation!"


 Instantly, six thick arms which looked like they were casted in bronze stretched out through the grey cloud.


 From outside, one could vaguely see the figure, inside the grey cloud, inflating like a balloon.


 Ouyang Bi Sang used his killer move, his battle strength exploding by several times. His body shook, shaking the dim and lightless grey cloud into dispersing!


 "You despicable scoundrels, die!" Ouyang Bi Sang was thoroughly furious as he flew into the air and attacked Gao Yang and Zhu Zai with Mo Shi Kuang.


 With such an expert joining the battle, Zhu Zai and Gao Yang were forced to passively defend; the situation had dramatically turned into that of a crisis.


 "Alliance leader, Gao Yang and Zhu Zai are experts we must have, we cannot let them die like this!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw the situation had turned bad and immediately spoke up.


 "Sir’s words are reasonable!" Hei Lou Lan was solemn, and suddenly stood up from his seat.


 Although Gao Yang and Zhu Zai had joined them, Hei tribe was still weaker than Liu tribe in terms of higher ranked strength. Hei Lou Lan waved his hand, and just like what he saw Fang Yuan doing, sent the order for an all-out war!


 The command was sent and the army began to move.


 Liu Wen Wu sneered: "You could not win in experts challenge and now come to gang up. Good, I will accompany you!"


 Buggles rang and war drums shook the battlefield; Liu tribe army also moved out.


 Two sides, both with hundreds of thousands of soldiers, surged towards the other like a torrent.


 The distance between the two army was quickly cut down, and when they were few hundred steps afar, Gu Masters began to attack almost at the same time. For a moment, large numbers of pill fire, icicles, bone spears and wind blades shot towards the enemies. Light armors, bone shields, water barriers and all kinds of defensive abilities were also activated. The originally simple scene had turned into a gorgeous painting of all colors.


 BOOM BOOM BOOM......


 The attacks from both sides landed on each other almost at the same time.


 Like a rainstorm falling down on the lake, ripples started spreading. Only a few Gu Masters with bad luck died or were heavily injured in the intense storm of attack. Most of the Gu Masters continued to attack till the army of the both sides collided. Like the collision of two torrents, blood splattered and chaos descended.



***
Chapter 532: Huge Battle (2\/4)


***





 Chapter 532: Huge Battle (2/4)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 At once, even Gao Yang, Zhu Zai, Mo Shi Kuang, and Ouyang Bi Sang’s battles were interrupted by the huge influx of people.


 The two armies intertwined completely, as fighting sounds erupted and filled the heavens.


 Waterfall Gu!


 In the chaotic battle, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu pushed with his palms as a great current burst forth, sweeping the Gu Masters in front of him irregardless of alliance.


 Great tornado Gu!


 A large dark-green tornado over tens of meters tall swept the battlefield. Everywhere it went, humans and beasts flew into the air as they lost their balance.


 The tornado dispersed and revealed Chang Biao within.


 He was floating in the air with his green robe, he had an overwhelming aura.


 He and Hao Ji Liu were not far away, naturally, the two rank four experts made eye contact with each other.


 The next moment, there were no trash talks, they fought immediately.


 ...


 A flash of golden lightning pierced the battlefield, all the Hei tribe Gu Masters in its path lost their lives.


 The golden light dispersed, and a stoic man with broad shoulders and thin waist appeared, it was Pei Yan Fei!


 "Chang Shan Yin, today, I will behead you and take revenge for what happened back then! Eh?" Pei Yan Fei was overflowing with battle intent, fire was burning within him when suddenly, his gaze concentrated and he activated his defensive Gu in time.


 Behind him, a lump of shadow exploded.


 The shadow was deep and profound, turning into multiple sword shadows as it attacked his back, causing Pei Yan Fei to sway violently.


 "It’s you, Shadow Sword Expert!" Pei Yan Fei stabilized his footing as he looked at the Gu Master who attacked him, his gaze becoming serious.


 Bian Si Xuan who had a black veil covering her face laughed: "Lord Pei Yan Fei is too courteous."


 She spoke very respectfully, but her actions were not. The black shadow swords appeared again like a windmill, engulfing Pei Yan Fei.


 "Then I shall kill you first!" Pei Yan Fei laughed loudly as he charged forward.


 ...


 "Our battle has not ended, where are you two going?" Ouyang Bi Sang, Mo Shi Kuang came before the demonic path twin demons.


 Gao Yang and Zhu Zai felt bitter, they could only continue and engage in battle with Ouyang Bi Sang and Mo Shi Kuang.


 As the Gu Master experts continued fighting, their battle rings formed into distinct areas, and the chaotic battlefield gradually became clear.


 Tens of large battle rings were filled with rank four to five experts. Outside the large rings, there were small battle rings with rank three Gu Masters as the main strength.


 Outside the small rings, low rank Gu Masters form into groups as they fought together in teams.


 As the main commander, Hei Lou Lan and Liu Wen Wu were sitting in their main tents, observing the battle situation. At times, they gave orders and dispatched their elite troops to areas of the battlefield to stabilize the situation or to pursue their advantage.


 The giant battlefield soon gave off the thick scent of blood. Gu Masters continued to fall, some were turned into icicles, while others were charred, some were torn to pieces while others were poisoned to death.


 The clean grassland became a weird monster, devouring fresh blood and life every minute and second.


 The battle was so intense, after a while, Hei Lou Lan and Liu Wen Wu were both breaking out in cold sweat.


 Large numbers of casualties made their hearts turn cold. The intensity of battle made people’s hearts go numb.


 To maintain the situation, the two quickly dispatched their trump cards, the elite troops. Only the black banner elite troops and grand white elite were left to control the area.


 As time flowed, deaths and injuries became less, after all, the explosive strength only appeared at the start, by now, Gu Masters experienced intense primeval essence expenditure and were starting to reduce their usage, this way, the battle intensity started to decrease.


 The battle entered a stalemate.


 The two armies were like two giants competing at equal strength. Either side could snowball from a tiny advantage, until they emerged victorious, and become the winner of the battlefield.


 "Our higher level battle strength are doing well. Wolf King, now that the rank five lurking soul coat Gu is in your hands, together with the mutated beast wolf group, the rest will be up to you." Hei Lou Lan transmitted with his Gu worm.


 At the start of the battle, Fang Yuan was already not in the main tent, but lurking somewhere on the battlefield. His exact location was not known by Hei Lou Lan either.


 Fang Yuan received Hei Lou Lan’s words, but he did not reply. He mobilized the wolf group and started to sprint in two directions.


 Liu tribe Gu Masters subconsciously chased after them, but this way, the tight formation was loosened.


 Howl!


 A group of over eight hundred mutated beast wolf group, comprising white-eyes wolves, blood forest wolves, frenzy wolves, shark fin wolves. The wolf group was like a sharp arrow, shooting out and piercing towards Liu tribe’s main camp.


 Fang Yuan’s attack was a fatal blow, it was vicious and cruel, striking at the enemy’s vital points.


 "A group of mutated beasts reinforcement as expected huh..." Liu Wen Wu looked at the charging wolves that disrupted his formation, large numbers of Gu Masters lost their lives to the wolves as he frowned deeply.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortal supplying mutated wolves was information easy to obtain, it was no secret.


 Liu Wen Wu was unfazed, he had Liu tribe’s Gu Immortals backing him as well, along with the entire Liu tribe. He had his ways of dealing with this mutated beast wolf group.


 "Bei Cao Chuan, it is time to strike." Liu Wen Wu instructed the Gu Master beside him.


 Bei Cao Chuan was expressionless, standing up from his seat as he frowned: "I can only last for seven minutes."


 Liu Wen Wu nodded:" No worry, go ahead."


 Bei Cao Chuan walked out of the main tent, his primeval essence rapidly expending as he activated the Gu worm that he had obtained not long ago.


 The refreshing aura of grass and wood spread from his body, for a radius of a hundred li.


 All the grass within the range of this aura grew wildly, in a few breath’s time, they grew taller than a man’s height. The large blades of grass intertwined, forming rank two grass soldier puppets.


 Soon, there were a thousand grass soldier puppets.


 Bei Cao Chuan activated his Gu worm, as a jade colored light rained down. The grass puppets were bathed in the green rain water, as a portion of them advanced to rank three rattan shell grass soldiers. At the same time, the rank two grass puppets were still growing.


 Bei Cao Chuan activated his Gu worm again, as an orange wind blew on the grassland. As the wind blew, a portion of the rattan shell grass soldiers advanced into the rank four grass sword elite soldiers!


 The empty central camp quickly was filled with an army of grass soldiers. At once, it became the most densely packed area in the battlefield.


 The charging mutated wolf group was obstructed by these obstacles.


 Fang Yuan frowned, he manipulated wholeheartedly. He hid on the back of the blood forest wolf, his body cloaked in the rank five lurking soul coat Gu, it was like a green-grey wolf skin cape.


 The lurking soul coat Gu was indeed amazing, it concealed Fang Yuan’s soul and allowed him to strike with his full strength.


 But at this time, Fang Yuan felt that he was battling against an enslavement path master.


 Bei Cao Chuan manipulated the grass soldier army as tears overflowed his face.


 He now had two souls in one body, in order to defeat Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, Bei tribe’s elder Bei Cao Sheng sacrificed himself and entrusted his soul to Bei Cao Chuan. Using Liu Wen Wu’s Gu worm, Bei Cao Chuan absorbed the power of Bei Cao Sheng’s soul, causing him to gain the attainment of an enslavement path master within this short period of time.


 Bei Cao Chuan was originally a rank four enslavement path Gu Master, he was also Bei tribe leader, he had the resources of a clan, his soul foundation was not weak. With Bei Cao Sheng’s help, he was like a tiger with wings, his enslavement path battle strength surged.


 Except that this move had huge repercussions. Because he used another person’s soul, Bei Cao Chuan’s soul will be impure and he would have memory lapses, he would need to expend huge amounts of spirit and resources, using specialized soul path Gu worms to nourish his soul and heal this problem.


 But now, in order to defeat Hei tribe army and take revenge, Bei Cao Chuan could not care less about the aftermath.


 Hei tribe had invited Gao Yang and Zhu Zai to mend the gap of their higher level battle strength. And Liu tribe thought of this method to replenish their lower level battle strength, raising Bei Cao Chuan’s strength to enslavement path master so that he could restrict Fang Yuan.


 At once, Fang Yuan’s mutated beast wolf group was barely resisted by the grass soldier army.


 "We blocked it? Hahah! Hei Lou Lan, you are bound to lose!" Liu Wen Wu saw this and the worry in his heart vanished, he laughed heartily as his voice resounded the battlefield.


 "Damn it..." Hei Lou Lan clenched his fist and gritted his teeth. The situation was terrible, Gao Yang and Zhu Zai were in great danger, and the mutated wolf group that he had placed his hope on was restricted at the enemy’s camp, unable to progress!


 Without a choice, he had to mobilize the black banner troops.


 "Brothers, it is finally time for us black banner to strike!" Black banner commander received this order and shouted excitedly.


 Black banner troop was nurtured by Hei tribe for a long time, the trump card made from expending huge amounts of resources. Once they were deployed, they were like a black blade that stabbed into the battlefield, easily slicing it like tofu.


 The entire black banner troop was reinforced by battle will Gu, they were brave and peerless, not afraid of death. They could display 120% of their original strength!


 "Can’t control it anymore huh?" Liu Wen Wu’s eyes shone brilliantly, staring at the black banner troop’s movements.


 When he saw the black banner troop making a curve around the battlefield, towards his central camp, he instantly understood Hei Lou Lan’s intention.


 "So you are trying to stake it all on this, gathering your advantage and piercing the grass soldier army. Hmph, Bei Cao Chuan had such difficulty resisting Chang Shan Yin, if the black banner troops appeared, he would definitely fall. By then, Hei tribe would have a mild advantage and this crucial beast group would be free to attack."


 Thinking so, Liu Wen Wu laughed arrogantly: "Your Hei tribe has black banner troops, renowned in northern plains. My Liu tribe also has the grand white troops, of similar magnitude of fame. Black banner and grand white’s competition had been ongoing for hundred of years, let’s see who wins today."


 Under his command, the grand white troops unleashed one of their three killer moves directly.


 The grand white troops exploded with a piercing white light.


 The white light formed into a giant light pillar that pierced into the heavens.


 The light pillar rose up, but after an instant, it descended from the sky, shooting at the area that the black banner troops were advancing towards. The three black banner commanders saw this familiar killer move and ordered their troops to stay on guard.


 The light pillar dispersed and the grand white troops appeared with a tight formation.


 Grand white troops were foot soldiers, while black banner troops rode battle horses. But in terms of mobility, grand white troops were superior, it was none other than the ability of this killer move!



***
Chapter 533: Huge Battle (3\/4)


***





 Chapter 533: Huge Battle (3/4)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Black banner troops and grand white troops started to fight, ever since they were created, they were opposing forces that had contested for hundreds of years, having victories and losses on both sides. At this moment, the two troops engaged in battle and unleashed their killer moves, having no clear advantage on each side.


 Seeing his final trump card engaged in a deadlock, Hei Lou Lan’s expression turned pitch black.


 "Hehehe." Liu Wen Wu laughed heartily, feeling great pleasure, his opponent was at his wit’s end, but he was in the same situation.


 However, the grass soldier army could still blok the mutated beast wolf group for some time. As for Hei tribe’s higher level battle force, they had already shown signs of collapsing, especially Gao Yang and Zhu Zai against Ouyang Bi Sang and Mo Shi Kuang, their battle was very obviously showing signs of a victor emerging.


 Ouyang Bi Sang and Mo Shi Kuang, although they were not skilled at cooperating, they had greater individual strength than their opponents.


 If Gao Yang and Zhu Zai were fighting two against one, using their great chemistry, they could have a mild advantage. But now, they could only be suppressed, defending desperately as they were in a passive situation.


 Anyone could tell that Gao Yang and Zhu Zai were going to fail very soon. Once they lose, Ouyang Bi Sang and Mo Shi Kuang would be like tigers out of a cage, they would start to reinforce other battles.


 That way, their mild advantage will snowball and accumulate, allowing the entire battle to sway in his favor.


 Once Liu tribe army gains the advantage, Hei tribe without any more backup would have no way of winning, they would only be able to watch their opponent grow stronger as they fall into a worse situation.


 Eventually, the other side will turn advantage into victory, and Hei tribe army would crumble!


 Hei Lou Lan could see the problem now, he was sweating profusely. He was all alone in the main tent, at this point, he could only rely on his own strength!


 His body vanished in the main tent, appeared in the air above the grass soldier army.


 He had the intention of killing Bei Cao Chuan, since Bei Cao Chuan did not have lurking soul coat Gu, he was easy to distinguish, once he is killed, the grass soldier army would crumble.


 That way, this battle would go back into a double offense situation, at the end, it would be like the first battle, they would have to regroup and retreat.


 Killer move — Dark Vortex!


 Hei Lou Lan had just activated his killer move, when a white light appeared before him, showing Liu Wen Wu’s body.


 Hei Lou Lan was a dark path rank five, while Liu Wen Wu was a light path rank five, the two had engaged in combat for many times without a clear victor.


 But this time, the gentleman-like Liu Wen Wu showed a mild smile of a victor: "Brother Lou Lan, today’s battle depends on a single ray of light. My grass soldier army is going to fall soon, but your higher level battle strength will falter more quickly. What a pity, our armies have very close battle strength, we are nearly evenly matched."


 "You are courting death!" Hei Lou Lan shouted furiously, growling and charging at Liu Wen Wu.


 The two fought as they moved around, exploding with thunderous sounds or brilliant lights.


 "Strange, in my previous life, Hei tribe defeated Liu tribe, but it seems that Liu tribe has the advantage now. Was it because of me that some weird changes occurred?" Fang Yuan hid at a corner as he secretly observed.


 He was an enslavement-strength dual cultivator, he had not displayed his full strength yet.


 In fact, he had not even displayed his full enslavement path abilities yet.


 At this moment, the grass soldier army was barely holding on, he just had to show up and unleash the wolf howl Gu and rank five amplify effect Gu to instantly defeat Bei Cao Chuan.


 But Fang Yuan did not move, he chose to observe.


 His attention was on Ouyang Bi Sang and Mo Shi Kuang.


 Once he showed up, and activated wolf howl Gu and rank five amplify effect Gu, there was a huge possibility that the two of them would come after him.


 Truthfully speaking, Fang Yuan was already accomplished in strength path, he was not afraid of fighting Ouyang Bi Sang and Mo Shi Kuang together in close combat.


 But...


 "My vision cannot be limited to this battle. The fight for the Imperial Court is a competition among super tribes, a game manipulated by Gu Immortals. Once I expose my full strength, even if we win this battle, the other party will definitely target me when they get reinforced by their Gu Immortal. By then, I would have no more hidden trump cards left, my grasp over this situation would fall to rock bottom."


 Fang Yuan’s mind was on the Imperial Court, he kept calm at all times and was not disturbed by the dangerous situation ahead of him.


 "In my previous life, how did Hei tribe defeat Liu tribe? Although the battle is extremely tense now, both sides had not used their trump cards yet. At least I know that Tai Bai Yun Sheng has a rank five Gu ’man as before’. The less battle strength I expose, the better it is for me. If I strike, it has to be a fatal blow! Now is not the time yet..."


 Fang Yuan’s heart was calm, despite this intense battlefield that was filled with corpses and rivers of blood.


 In his eyes, these casualties were just numbers.


 In this battle, many people screamed at the deaths of their friends and family, many people shouted in joy after killing a strong foe, some Gu Masters ran away under the fear of death. Some Gu Masters were filled with ambition, wanting to be a person of higher status.


 Human emotions became riled up in such moments of life and death, they were frenzied, crazy, while arrogant and unrestrained.


 Observing the ruthless expressions of the people around, hearing their screaming and shouting, Fang Yuan felt a great sense of serenity and peace.


 His heart was firm like an ancient abyss, there were no ripples on the surface.


 Fight, kill, a person is born to engage in battle.


 Win, lose, continue walking on your path, by stepping on other people’s corpses.


 Let blood boil, let sweat flow, the best moment of life is now...


 "Take this, this is my killer move — World Devouring Qi!" In the battlefield, an explosive and thunderous shout burst out.


 His voice attracted numerous gazes as everyone subconsciously focused on it.


 "Oh no, let’s go!" An intense sense of danger assaulted him as Gao Yang shouted, activating his Gu worm and wanting to escape, but the surrounding air was as dense as walls, he could barely move.


 Mo Shi Kuang floated in the air, opening his hands as his ten fingers converged before his chest.


 Gao Yang and Zhu Zai felt a despairing sense of pressure, squashing them from all directions. Their shocked expressions froze on their faces, the feeling of imminent death filled their hearts.


 "Go!" Before the moment of death, Zhu Zai burst out the strength of three grand emperor boar, piercing a hole on the wall-like air.


 "Brother!" Gao Yang felt his world spinning, when he reacted, he had already been tossed far away by Zhu Zai, away from the battlefield.


 As for Zhu Zai, he was squeezed into meat paste by Mo Shi Kuang’s killer move, through an intense and concentrated air pressure.


 "Brother!!" Gao Yang shouted, his heart felt like it was pierced by daggers as tears flowed out of his eyes like a flood.


 Mo Shi Kuang also vomited a mouthful of blood.


 "Second brother, your killer move is not completed yet, don’t activate it casually." Ouyang Bi Sang quickly hurried over and held him in the air.


 Mo Shi Kuang vomited blood as he laughed: "What a great battle, I used it without thinking, hahaha..."


 Ouyang Bi Sang shook his head: "Alright, let’s continue killing that Gao Yang, after we resolve the problem here, we will reinforce the other battles!"


 Liu Wen Wu who saw this laughed, he declared with overwhelming confidence: "This is the start of our Liu tribe army’s consecutive victories! Brother Lou Lan, you have no way of winning already!"


 "Is that so?" It was not Hei Lou Lan who replied him, but Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was at another battle ring.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had always been evading attacks suddenly burst out with great speed as he pulled some distance from his opponent, opening his palms and shooting out a silver beam.


 The silver beam shone on Zhu Zai’s flesh and blood that became meat paste.


 Rank five — Man As Before!


 In an instant, silver light shone brilliantly, making people close their eyes in response.


 After the light faded, Zhu Zai reappeared on the battlefield, without any injuries on him, as his primeval sea level was also at its peak.


 Under the effect of man as before, Zhu Zai returned to the state right before the battle!


 The shocked expression not only appeared on multiple Gu Masters’ faces, even Liu Wen Wu, Mo Shi Kuang, and Ouyang Bi Sang had the same expression.


 Man as before Gu had an incredible healing effect that made almost everyone feel shocked and speechless!


 Man as before Gu, time path healing Gu, could return a target to his condition at a point in time.


 "Good, what a great healing Gu!" Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily, he did not expect Tai Bai Yun Sheng to be concealing such a strong trump card. As long as they had this, Hei tribe’s higher level battle could drag on for a long time.


 "Good, now is the time!" Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance as he activated rank four eagle rise Gu, flying up into the sky.


 Rank five amplify effect Gu and rank four wolf howl Gu!


 Fang Yuan opened his mouth and howled, as his voice spread far and wide.


 Under the effect of the wolf howl Gu, all his mutated beasts’ bodies expanded, as their eyes turned bright red, their battle strength grew by five times!


 "Go." Fang Yuan floated in the air, staring at the battlefield as he muttered.


 The wolf tide burst out, like a tsunami out of nowhere!


 "Damn it, I can’t hold on!" Bei Cao Chuan was at his wit’s end, he resisted desperately, but the grass soldier army was like a thin piece of paper under the wolf tide, it was torn to shreds without even lasting for a few breath’s time.


 Bei Cao Chuan did not even manage to escape before a frenzy wolf pounced on him and tore his armor with its sharp teeth, before biting his throat.


 Bei Cao Chuan resisted with all his strength, sending this frenzy wolf flying, just as he was about to cover his neck and get up, three white-eyes wolves came and after a struggle, he was a corpse torn into several pieces.


 The grass soldier army went down, Fang Yuan thus manipulated the wolf group and attacked grand white troops.


 Grand white troops were fighting with black banner troops, they were stuck in a stalemate as they exchanged blows. Now that the mutated beast wolf group attacked them from behind, they suffered heavy injuries.


 "Hahaha, Liu Wen Wu, it seems that I have the last laugh!" The battle turned in such a sudden direction, Hei Lou Lan was overjoyed and surprised.


 "No, I have not lost yet!" Liu Wen Wu’s face was distorted as he shouted frantically, like a gambler who had gone crazy from losing. He turned into a white light, flying towards Ouyang Bi Sang and Mo Shi Kuang.


 "Second brother, third brother!" He shouted.



***
Chapter 534: Huge Battle (4\/4)


***





 Chapter 534: Huge Battle (4/4)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "We are here, big brother!" Ouyang Bi Sang and Mo Shi Kuang shouted at the same time.


 "Let them see the true strength of us three brothers!" Liu Wen Wu shouted, and without slowing down, directly smashed into Mo Shi Kuang and Ouyang Bi Sang.


 The two laughed loudly, their body giving off green and grey light.


 Green, grey and white, three lights collided. BOOM !. Light dispersed and on the spot appeared a human-shaped monster.


 This monster had three heads and six arms. It was twenty feet tall with tight muscles and bronze skin.


 The three heads had the appearance of Liu Wen Wu, Ouyang Bi Sang and Mo Shi Kuang.


 "This....?!" Countless people looked on with wide eyes at this freakish scene.


 "I will let you guys know, this is our three brothers’ killer move — Three Heads Six Arms! Are you trembling in fear? Let out all your dread. This will be the last moment of your lives!"


 The three heads spoke in unison.


 "Hmph, shameless boasting!" Gao Yang snorted, activating his treacherous cloud wave Gu.


 A grey cloud shot towards the three heads six arms giant, but before it even reached its target, Liu Wen Wu’s eyes shot two light beams that pierced through the cloud.


 BOOM!


 With a sonic boom, the three heads six arms suddenly appeared above Gao Yang.


 "So fast!" Gao Yang’s pupils shrunk and from the battle experiences he had cultivated over a long period of time, he quickly activated his defense Gu.


 The monster waved its two arms.


 One arm pierced through the light barrier while another arm smashed Gao Yang’s head like it smashed a watermelon.


 Next moment, Gao Yang’s headless corpse fell down from the sky.


 "Brother!!!" Rage attacked Zhu Zai’s heart and made him lose all reasoning, as he ferociously charged towards the monster.


 "Muahahaha, the lamentation of ants." Mo Shi Kuang’s head laughed loudly and lightly flicked his finger towards Zhu Zai.


 BOOM!!!


 Qi flow exploded and moved straight through the battlefield with formidable impact force, inflicting injuries for several thousands of steps.


 Zhu Zai directly exploded from the attack, his blood and crushed bones flying in all directions. The Gu Masters who suffered the after-effects of the attack were all injured heavily.


 "This power... it has increased by at least six times and the speed has increased by nine times at least! This three people combination, is it combining asura transformation, the attacking force of qi path and the effects of light path?" Fang Yuan had an intense urge to battle when he looked at this scene.


 "I have all-out effort Gu, and by adding in rank five amplify effect Gu, I can burst out with five hundred jun of strength! I wonder who would win if I fight with this monster?"


 But in the next moment, Fang Yuan suppressed his battle intent and flew down, again hiding among the mutated beast group.


 Man as before Gu!


 At this moment, two silver lights shone down; Zhu Zai and Gao Yang resurrected again, restored to their previous state!


 "Old geezer!" The monster’s six eyes were filled with icy glint, killing intent and battle intent, simultaneously charging towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng panickedly retreated; although he had man as before Gu, he could only use it on others and could not use it on himself.


 "All those that are free, protect Tai Bai Yun Sheng!!" Hei Lou Lan hurried to reinforce while shouting to his army, realizing the crux of the battle.


 "Who can stop me?" Ouyang Bi Sang’s head loftily smiled.


 Next instant, the monster turned into a ray of green light that shot towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng like lightning.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was hiding behind others, but no one was able to block the monster as it charged straight, sweeping everything on its path. Anyone that dared to block it, be it Gu Masters or beasts, would become pools of crushed flesh and bones.


 "Benefactor, leave quickly!" Gao Yang and Zhu Zai rushed over, guarding Tai Bai Yun Sheng behind them.


 "Cumbersome things." The monster waved its six arms so quick that one could only see their afterimage.


 THUMP THUMP , Zhu Zai and Gao Yang were smashed again.


 "Take my sole blade Gu!" Pan Ping hurried over and activated single blade Gu.


 Sole blade Gu successfully activated this time and the monster’s huge body slightly shook, a shallow wound appearing on its chest.


 "A little interesting." The monster laughed coldly; the wound had completely recovered by the time he finished laughing. Afterwards, the monster let out a breath of turbid air.


 The turbid air detonated and exploded Pan Ping into pieces.


 "Tai Bai Yun Sheng, where are you going?" The monster howled with laughter, the voices of the three heads gradually becoming one.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had not moved very far when the monster intercepted in front of him.


 Swoosh!


 Waterfall flowed in a torrent and Hao Ji Liu came riding it.


 The monster pushed forward with all six hands and collapsed the water torrent; Hao Ji Liu screamed miserably and flew backwards in a faster speed than he came.


 Seeing this scene, Bian Si Xuan who was charging forward immediately stopped, not daring to go forward.


 Dark vortex!


 Hei Lou Lan sped down from the sky, and the giant black sphere that was as large as a hill pressed down.


 The monster roared, its six hands forming into a claw shape and slashing towards the distant black sphere.


 Killer move — World Devouring Qi!


 The air became as thick as a wall and solid as a mountain. Hei Lou Lan’s face turned red and purple, but he was not able to continue forward.


 Following after, air from all around surged and unexpectedly swallowed his killer move.


 The killer move which Mo Shi Kuang could not carry out completely was suddenly perfected in the monster’s hand.


 Howl!


 The mutated wolf group rushed over while Hei Lou Lan delayed the monster. In an instant, the mutated wolf group had surrounded the monster tightly.


 A bloody battle broke out.


 The mutated wolves which had a strength of rank four Gu Masters, fearlessly initiated a death charge at the monster.


 "KILL KILL KILL!" The monster growled repeatedly as it turned into a berserk state and started fighting the mutated wolves.


 His every movement carried his full power. Light path, qi path and transformation path Gu worms jointly attacked with deep tacit cooperation, as if the monster was a cultivator cultivating three paths!


 The mutated wolves died one after another, but the monster’s offensive was still as fierce as before.


 "Lord alliance leader, let me lend you a hand!" At this moment, a Liu tribe Gu Master hurried over to assist.


 But in the next moment, he was smashed apart alive by the monster which had lost its reason!


 "Lord Liu Wen Wu has lost his mind!"


 "He has become mad!!"


 The battlefield was in an uproar and Liu tribe army’s morale fell down sharply.


 "My tribe has suffered tremendous losses, we have lost one-third of our Gu Masters, it is time to retreat."


 "How can such an alliance leader be worth us giving up our lives?"


 "Let’s discuss after we retreat, the casualties have already reached a high level. Retreat now, don’t care about violating the poison vow."


 The battle had reached such a chaotic state that was beyond everyone’s expectation. Deserters started to appear from both Hei and Liu tribe.


 The black banner troops and grand white troops that had been managing the army were in an intense fight now, how could they have the energy to spare to suppress these deserters?


 "What to do?" Hei Lou Lan asked; this monster gave him an extreme headache.


 "Don’t worry. Killer moves have astonishing might but their consumption of primeval essence is also enormous. Moreover, this killer move clearly has a defect, this monster has already lost its reasoning. A powerful being without intelligence is nothing to worry about." Fang Yuan calmly analyzed, his voice shaking everyone’s mind.


 "Yes, if nothing unexpected happens, then we have already won this battle!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng added.


 But he had just finished speaking when the unexpected event happened.


 The three heads six arms monster suddenly separated into three people who then charged into three directions.


 Liu Wen Wu and Mo Shi Kuang’s charge missed, but Ouyang Bi Sang’s eyes shone as he shouted: "Chang Shan Yin, I have finally found you! Die!!"


 Their three people combination into three heads six arms monster allowed their souls to mix and their battle strength would raise rapidly, but this state could not be maintained for long. The longer it was used, the more chaotic their memories would become, finally leading them to lose themself and become a delirious lunatic or become an idiot.


 When they killed the Gu Master that had come for reinforcement, their minds shook and barely managed to regain a trace of sanity.


 Relying on this sanity, they planned in making a comeback.


 Compared to killing Tai Bai Yun Sheng, killing Chang Shan Yin would no doubt be much more important.


 The investigative Gu of these three were not common Gu. By carefully observing the battlefield, they calculated the three places where Fang Yuan was most likely to be hiding.


 In the end, Ouyang Bi Sang found Fang Yuan’s hiding place.


 ’Damn it! If the Wolf King dies, the wolf group will crumble apart. Liu tribe’s army will be able to turn around the situation and it will instead become my army’s defeat.’ Seeing Ouyang Bi Sang pouncing at Chang Shan Yin with a sinister smile, Hei Lou Lan shouted inwardly as he crazily rushed to assist, but he was still late.


 "Die!" Ouyang Bi Sang unexpectedly still had enough primeval essence left to activate asura transformation again!


 "Wolf King is finished!" Sun Shi Han was afraid but also happy.


 "Bad! Chang Shan Yin is going to die!!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng and others had pale expressions.


 "Father!" Chang Ji You shouted in desperation.


 However, the person in question, Fang Yuan, had a strange smile on his face as he saw Ouyang Bi Sang’s attack.


 Rank four eagle raise Gu and rank five amplify effect Gu!


 A pair of eagle wings suddenly grew out of Fang Yuan’s back and took him towards the sky with five times the speed.


 Ouyang Bi Sang was dazed for a second before he hurried chased, shouting: "Don’t even think of escaping!"


 But his speed was not enough and he could only look on as the gap between them spread apart.


 "Let me!" Liu Wen Wu shouted and turned into a white light that rapidly charged over. But Fang Yuan nimbly turned around and dodged.


 Mo Shi Kuang also rushed over at this moment, chasing and intercepting Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was extremely deft - at times, he was like a butterfly passing through the flowers; at times, he was like a lightning; at times, he was like a light wind; and at times, he was like a ghost, playfully circling the three.


 "This... this is master level flying skill!" Everyone looked at this sight with dumbfounded gazes.


 Gu Masters raised Gu, used Gu and refined Gu; no matter which aspect, they were all profound and vast. It was clearly the same Gu that they were using, but some Gu Masters could use them brilliantly, elevating it to a level of art.


 People often called these individuals — masters!


 "I had never thought that Wolf King was not only an enslavement path master but also flying master!" Everyone looked for a while and let go of their worries, exclaiming in surprise.


 "Wolf King, don’t run if you dare!" Ouyang Bi Sang shouted.


 "Chang Shan Yin, if you have any guts, come exchange three hundred moves with me!" Mo Shi Kuang roared in fury.


 "Damn it..." Liu Wen Wu gnashed his teeth, his heart already sinking to the bottom.


 Fang Yuan’s flying skills left them in the dust. What made them even more vexed was that Fang Yuan was unexpectedly separating his thoughts in controlling the wolf group to slaughter Liu tribe army, while dodging them!


 "Oh for heaven’s sake, if I knew you could fly this skillfully, why would we need to fight to this extent?" Looking at Fang Yuan’s skillful maneuvers, Hei Lou Lan felt some resentment in his heart.


 As for the Liu tribe three brothers, they were completely speechless.



***
Chapter 535: Meeting of ‘Father and Son’


***





 Chapter 535: Meeting of ‘Father and Son’


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Liu Wen Wu lost.


 It was an indignant loss, but this was the truth, it would not change because of his feelings.


 Liu Wen Wu, Ouyang Bi Sang, Mo Shi Kuang all had flying abilities. But in terms of flying attainment, they could not compare to Fang Yuan.


 The sky was different from the ground, people could fly freely in the air, up, down, left, right, they could dodge in all directions and fly everywhere. But on the ground, there was much less space for evasion.


 No matter how Liu Wen Wu and gang tried to block him, they could do nothing to Fang Yuan.


 Meanwhile, as Fang Yuan dodged, he mobilized the wolf army to slaughter Liu tribe’s army.


 Liu Wen Wu and gang had no choice but to give up on chasing Fang Yuan, turning to kill the wolf group and helping the low rank Gu Masters.


 But this was what Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan and others wanted to see!


 Using wolf kings or the mutated wolf group to expended the Liu tribe three brothers’ precious primeval essence was very worth it, it was very advantageous to Fang Yuan as well.


 As long as a Gu Master did not advance to immortal realm, their primeval essence would be limited. Once they expend their primeval essence, their battle strength would decrease drastically and hit rock bottom.


 The wolf tide came again and again, the more wolves the Liu tribe three brothers killed, the more primeval essence they used up.


 The wolf group’s scale was huge, it was never-ending, eventually, Liu tribe three brothers killed until their primeval essence was depleted.


 By the time they had to preserve their primeval essence they would no longer be able to battle freely. Hei tribe’s higher level battle strength finally had something to do as they suppressed the three of them.


 "Hei Lou Lan, today, I did not lose to you, but I lost to Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Chang Shan Yin!" Liu Wen Wu’s hair was messy as his body was covered in injuries, he no longer had his gentleman-like attitude as he shouted indignantly.


 He felt that: With their three brother’s killer move ’three heads six arms’, they had great battle strength and could suppress the battlefield. If back then, they got to Fang Yuan and used their supreme speed to kill Fang Yuan, the wolf group would’ve collapsed and Hei tribe would’ve lost.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng had the rank five healing Gu ’man as before’, the effect was godly, it greatly weakened the effectiveness of their killer move.


 When they were left with no choice and chased after Wolf King, they found that the enslavement master Chang Shan Yin was actually a mother****ing flying master!


 The three brothers could not catch him, they could only watch the battle crumble. Eventually, Liu tribe lost and was chased down by Hei tribe, they suffered great losses and countless people surrendered.


 As the alliance leader, Liu Wen Wu and others were captured after their primeval essence was depleted.


 Hei tribe and Liu tribe had always been competing, the two super tribes had a tense relationship, it was well known in northern plains. Now, Hei tribe only captured Liu Wen Wu and others and did not kill them, they wisely sought for a great amount of battle reparation from Liu tribe.


 Liu Wen Wu was one of Liu tribe’s prospective Gu Immortals, if he was killed, the bottomline of this Imperial Court contest’s rules would be infringed.


 More importantly, although Hei tribe won, it was a tragic victory and they suffered huge losses as well. Without Liu Wen Wu to bargain for huge amounts of compensation, just ordinary battle gains would not allow Hei tribe to regain their strength. This was very disadvantageous for their future battles for the Imperial Court.


 Three days later, Liu tribe’s envoy came, and brought all of the Liu tribesmen and the tribes that submitted to them back into the blessed land.


 As for the tired and heavily damaged Hei tribe army, they set up camp and managed the people who surrendered, reforming their alliance and collating the battle gains, giving out resources and digesting the spoils of war.


 In the large lizard house Gu, Fang Yuan sat on the cushion as he cultivated intently.


 A rank four wolf soul Gu appeared out of his body through his will.


 The wolf soul Gu was only thumb-size, it was like a tiny grey wolf-shaped doll, it floated in the air as it was covered in an eerie blue light.


 The primeval sea level in Fang Yuan’s aperture dropped as primeval essence was injected into the wolf soul Gu, causing it to expand rapidly.


 Howl!


 Wolf soul Gu expanded and turned into a pure grey wolf soul, as large as an elephant.


 Next, the wolf soul opened its mouth and howled soundlessly, crashing towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, how could a thousand man soul be so easily affected? The wolf soul crashed on his thousand man soul, and immediately froze, suppressed by his thousand man soul.


 The two souls tangled as they turned into mist. A moment later, the wolf soul fused into the thousand man soul and reappeared.


 At this moment, the thousand man soul had a long pair of wolf ears on its head, its body was thinner than Fang Yuan’s body, and its nose also became sharper. The only part that had not changed were its long hair, eyes, and tail.


 "Ever since the Imperial Court competition, I have been using wolf soul Gu daily to refine my soul. Now, I have achieved small success, my soul is around 30% wolfman soul."


 Once he fully converts to wolfman soul, his control over the wolf group would experience another qualitative change. Not only would the numbers increase greatly, he would be able to command them like an extension of his limbs, controlling them would require a mere thought.


 After a intense battle, his soul’s tiredness and weariness would also be lower.


 "But according to this speed, by the time I completely refine the wolfman soul, the Imperial Court contest would be over already. I only have rank four wolf soul Gu, the efficiency is way too slow." Fang Yuan sighed.


 If he had rank five wolf soul Gu, that would be better compared to Fang Yuan’s current situation. But rank four wolf soul Gu was like a grown man using a tiny knife to chop a tree.


 In truth, Fang Yuan’s soul cultivation was already very fast.


 Ordinary Gu Masters needed to spend at least twenty to thirty years to reach his level. Even a genius Gu Master with a clan’s support could only be like Dong Fang Yu Liang, reducing the time needed to ten years.


 Fang Yuan had Dang Hun mountain, his soul foundation grew at rocket speed, his point of view was obviously different.


 "If I can get that Thieving Heaven inheritance, and obtain Luo Po valley..." Fang Yuan’s thoughts drifted to this.


 But a moment later, he stopped this thought.


 In Hu Immortal blessed land, Dang Hun mountain was corroded by the gruel mud continuously, there was only a small mountain left now.


 His current objective was to save Dang Hun mountain. As for Luo Po valley, he could only search for it after the Imperial Court contest ends.


 While Fang Yuan was cultivating, Chang Biao brought Ni Xue Tong, and Chang Ji You to the door of the large lizard house Gu.


 I am Chang Biao, I was summoned by Lord Wolf King." Chang Biao’s voice was low and polite, he respectfully informed the guarding Gu Master.


 The two rank three Gu Masters had a plain expression as they stood by the door, one answered; "Lord Wolf King is cultivating now, we cannot enter the Gu house to inform him, you will have to wait!"


 "Hehe, that is only natural." Chang Biao laughed, trying to conceal the bitterness and dreariness in his heart.


 He and Chang Shan Yin had a huge grudge, he would not be willing to submit to Hei tribe. Originally, he wanted to go to Liu tribe, but Liu tribe wanted him to give up his family name and join Liu tribe, this request was impossible for Chang tribesmen and the elders to accept.


 Chang tribe was a large size tribe, once they gave up their family name and became Liu tribesmen, Chang tribe would cease to exist.


 Furthermore, Hei Lou Lan captured Liu Wen Wu alive and in order to appeal to the most important person Chang Shan Yin, he added in the condition of taking over Chang tribe among the battle reparation.


 Thus, Chang tribe became the sacrificial lamb in Liu and Hei tribe’s transaction. If Chang tribe did not submit to Hei tribe, they would be assaulted by Hei tribe’s army. Forced by both tribes, Chang tribe had no choice but to lower their heads to Hei Lou Lan, becoming Hei tribe’s captives.


 Chang Shan Yin and Chang tribe’s enmity was known to all. After Hei Lou Lan captured Chang tribe, he let Fang Yuan deal with them completely.


 After Fang Yuan got the news, he expressed his gratitude to Hei Lou Lan, but in fact, he did not care about it.


 He was only using Chang Shan Yin’s identity, in order to enter the Imperial Court blessed land. Wolf King’s grudges had nothing to do with him.


 But if he settled this casually, it would not fit his current status, and people would get suspicious. Thus, Fang Yuan informed Chang tribe’s current leader Chang Biao to meet him.


 Chang Biao waited from evening to midnight.


 At this period of time, northern plains’ nights were extremely cold. Chang Biao and the others had their Gu worms confiscated, the primeval essence in their apertures could not resist the cold. Under the blowing night wind, they were shivering from the cold.


 Chang Biao kept a calm expression, but Ni Xue Tong was very guilty, she could not conceal the worry in her heart. Chang Ji You was young and at the peak of his health, although his nose was red from the cold, and his body was shivering, his eyes were shining brightly with excitement.


 All his life, he had been hearing about the ’Wolf King Chang Shan Yin’ and his great deeds.


 Everyone called him the ’hero’s son’, he was gifted this unique status from birth, this gave him great worries, pride, trouble, and even chance encounters.


 When he had first heard about Wolf King Chang Shan Yin being alive and had returned, but wanted to exact revenge on Chang tribe, he had very complicated feelings. When he found out that he was going to battle his father, his intense battle intent wavered. During the earlier meeting, Chang Shan Yin did not appear, in fact he went to bash up Sun Shi Han, this made Chang Ji You feel disappointed but also great admiration. After Liu tribe lost, he became a captive but that made him sigh in relief — he no longer needed to fight with his father!


 Right now after Liu tribe lost, he was going to meet his real father, Chang Ji You was very excited in his heart.


 Even though he was outside shivering and suffering from the weather, it could not freeze the hot-bloodedness in him.


 "The person who gave me everything, my father, what kind of person are you?" He was very curious, but he also felt a bit lost and anxious.


 After using three wolf soul Gu, Fang Yuan opened his eyes.


 The sound of the icy wind blowing outside the window could be heard in the warm room.


 Fang Yuan purposely gave Chang Biao a display of authority, after counting the time that had passed, he knew it was time. Thus, he transmitted his message while controlling the large lizard house Gu and opened the doors.


 "Lord Wolf King has finished his cultivation, he will meet you now." The Gu Master guards outside received the transmission and said expressionlessly.


 Chang Biao’s breathing paused, he felt great trepidation as he walked in first, with heavy footsteps.


 If Wolf King found out the truth, then he would die without a proper corpse, his reputation would be ruined. Even if Wolf King did not find out the truth, as long as he wanted revenge, killing the whole of Chang tribe would only be a sentence worth of work.


 Being meat on the chopping block, this was the helplessness of being in this world!


 Fang Yuan looked at the three people kneeling before him.


 Chang Biao lowered his head, gritting his teeth, while Ni Xue Tong had a pale expression and was shivering. As for Chang Ji You, he was breathing roughly, but he took peeks at Chang Shan Yin at times, showing an excited expression.


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly.


 The laughter was heard by all three of them, causing them to shudder.


 Chang Biao shut his eyes, his heart had sank to rock bottom, he was waiting for judgement.


 Ni Xue Tong almost collapsed on the ground weakly, but Chang Ji You was very agitated, this was father’s laughter, he felt a strong sense of warmth from this laugh.



***
Chapter 536: Major Battles


***





 Chapter 536: Major Battles


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan observed Chang Biao and the others’ expressions fully.


 Fang Yuan knew about Wolf King Chang Shan Yin’s matters mostly from his biography, he did not know the true culprit behind Wolf King’s situation.


 But even if he found out, he would not bother taking revenge for the dead Wolf King.


 He was Fang Yuan, the so-called Chang Shan Yin was merely a mask.


 "From today onwards, I will be Chang tribe’s one and only supreme elder." Fang Yuan spoke, breaking the silence.


 Chang Biao’s body shuddered, he opened his eyes and quickly bowed: "Chang Biao pays respect to lord supreme elder."


 "Mm." Fang Yuan nodded: "We need to investigate the matters from back then thoroughly. But now is not the time, we have to wait till the Imperial Court contest ends. From today onwards, I will be Chang tribe’s sole supreme elder. Chang Ji You, you will be the tribe leader. Chang Biao will be the number one elder. Ni Xue Tong, our relationship is over, continue to be Chang Biao’s wife."


 Because of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s tradition, in northern plains, women had lowly status, they were often sold as commodity in transactions. In fact, at times, when an esteemed guest comes to visit, the lord would send his own wife to the esteemed guest to sleep with him.


 "Ah?" Chang Ji You was stunned on the spot, he froze completely.


 Ni Xue Tong did not speak.


 Chang Biao controlled the shock in his heart, he bowed once again: "This subordinate understands!"


 "Leave." Fang Yuan waved his hand, sending them away. He had to make good use of his time to continue cultivating.


 The three walked out of the large lizard house Gu in a daze, until the cold night wind blew on them and woke them up.


 "I... survived just like this?" Chang Biao felt endless joy and happiness.


 "But the matter back then was done flawlessly! Even though there are some traces here and there, after all these years, the evidences are long gone. Back then, I got close to Chang Shan Yin on purpose, and became good buddies with him. Now that Chang Shan Yin had gone through such a great change, plus it has already been so many years, it is normal for our relationship to turn bland." Chang Biao thought rapidly in his head.


 The current situation was way better than what he had expected.


 "Although I was demoted from tribe leader to elder, most of my authority is intact. Chang Shan Yin still trusts me seeing that he allowed me to be the number one elder! As for making Chang Ji You the new tribe leader, it shows that he is still caring about his own blood and flesh deeply! As long as he cares about his old relationships and friendships, everything will be easy to resolve..." Chang Biao thought and got more energetic.


 He was dreaming within his own world, and did not notice his wife Ni Xue Tong’s complicated expression.


 The old Chang Shan Yin was extremely infatuated with her beauty, but earlier, Chang Shan Yin did not give her even an extra glance.


 On the way here, she was extremely worried about Chang Shan Yin forcing her to his wife again. That way, she will be separated from her lover Chang Biao, that was too painful!


 But now, the situation was way better than she had expected.


 Not only did Chang Shan Yin not pursue the matters back then, he even allowed her to remain as Chang Biao’s wife!


 This was the result that Ni Xue Tong was dreaming of earlier. She should be happy, but for some reason, while she still felt some trepidation from earlier, there was also a sense of loss in her, that she did not want to admit.


 As for Chang Ji You, he was in great joy, confusion, and suspicion.


 "I’ve finally met father, he was just a few steps in front of me! He is much more authoritative than I imagined."


 "Father did not call me his son, but instead called my name. Is he unaware that I am his flesh and blood?"


 "But father, why did he let me become Chang tribe leader? I am so young and only have rank three cultivation, can I do it?"


 "I get it! This must be a test from father. He is testing me, this son he had never met, if I can manage the tribe well and achieve outstanding results, will he feel happy and proud, will be recognise me as his son?"


 Thinking so, Chang Ji You felt extremely excited, he made up his mind, he would exert all his efforts and perform well in the upcoming fight for the Imperial Court.


 Fang Yuan would not expect that his simple arrangements would bring such great emotional changes in Chang Biao and gang.


 But even if he knew, he would not care.


 In the five hundred years of his past life, Chang Shan Yin helped Ma Hong Yun to ascend to the position of the Lord of the Imperial Court, he also had complete control over Chang tribe.


 Different from Earth, when strength can be accumulated within a person, the stronger one is, the greater their authority would be.


 At this point, Fang Yuan was no longer the low rank Gu Master on Qing Mao mountain, suppressed and weakened by the system. Right now, he had the authority to manipulate and change the power system of a tribe. One could say, he was at the peak of the mortal realm.


 He knew in his heart, all this was because of the great strength that he had!


 "Right now, my first aperture had already adapted, I can use rank five peak stage primeval essence. My second aperture has also reached rank five middle stage. My two apertures have ninety percent A grade aptitude, to use my two sets of Gu worms now, I have ample primeval essence.


 "But enslavement and strength path Gu worms are not extremely strong. In terms of strength path, after getting the rank five amplify effect Gu, my explosive force is already high enough, except that my body is unable to endure the increment in strength.


 Earlier, when fighting against Liu Wen Wu and his brother’s combination killer move ’three heads six arms’, Fang Yuan could definitely fight against them using his strength path cultivation.


 But Fang Yuan knew clearly that the moment he unleashed five hundred jun of strength, regardless of how his opponent will ends up, his own body would definitely crumble first.


 "My bones are impermanence bones. My skin is turtle jade wolf skin. To sustain five hundred jun of strength, this is not enough. But if I modify my muscles and tendons to accommodate strength path, they would not suit my enslavement path. If I modify them for enslavement path, they will not aid my strength path. The root of the problem is that enslavement and strength have some conflict between them, it is difficult to cultivate them together. It is unlike soul and enslavement path, or soul and wisdom path."


 This problem had always been troubling Fang Yuan.


 If he could not resolve this, Fang Yuan’s enslavement and strength path would only go far, but would not reach the apex and attain ultimate strength.


 Although Fang Yuan had information regarding Luo Po valley now, the future was uncertain, anything could happen. Fang Yuan was a vigilant guy, before getting Luo Po valley, he would not make up his mind to cultivate soul path, thus, he needed to perfect his enslavement-strength path route now.


 Fang Yuan closed his eyes and thought about it, before opening them and taking out east window Gu from his aperture.


 This Gu was a storage Gu, used to store information, it came from Lang Ya land spirit.


 Inside east window Gu, there was information regarding the killer move ’three heads six arms’. This killer move was extremely powerful, it could allow Liu Wen Wu, Ouyang Bi Sang, and Mo Shi Kuang to become a giant monster, increasing their battle strength to a terrifying level.


 After Hei tribe defeated Liu tribe, they make requests regarding this killer move, thus it became a part of the reparation. Thereafter, Fang Yuan exchanged for it using his battle merits.


 These days, when Fang Yuan was free, he would research about this killer move.


 When Gu Masters use multiple Gu worms at the same time, allowing their effects to merge and cooperate to form greater effects, that would be the so-called Gu Master killer move.


 Killer move ’three heads six arms’, needed eighteen Gu worms to be used at the same time. Gu worms used ranged from rank three to five, the primeval essence expenditure was huge as well. At the same time, three Gu Masters were needed, one could not activate it alone.


 This killer move was unusable by Fang Yuan. But that did not mean it was worthless to him.


 Killer move, or recipes, displayed exquisite usage of Gu worms.


 Why was it that when these Gu worms were used in a specific way, they achieved such effects? Why can these Gu worms do it, but not others? If this Gu was changed to another Gu, can the same effect be achieved? If an enemy uses this killer move, what ways are there to counter it?


 Man is the spirit of all being, Gu is the essence of heaven and earth.


 Inside a Gu, there were tiny laws of heaven and earth, the fragments of the great Dao.


 By understand Gu, one would comprehend the great Dao, and understand the natural laws of this world. Just like on Earth, using experiments to learn scientific theories.


 This Gu recipe gave great insight to Fang Yuan.


 "If I had three heads and six arms, what would happen?"


 A flash of inspiration appeared in his brain, like opening a new window.


 His body was like the cornerstone. Enslavement and strength path were like the buildings on top of the cornerstone. Right now, this cornerstone was still small, thus the two buildings could only be low-rising. If he expanded this cornerstone in the future, would it be able to contain two tall buildings at the same time?


 Fang Yuan had never cared about his own appearance.


 Handsome, beauty, ugly, these were other people’s opinions. What did that have to do with him?


 If his battle strength was high, so what if he was called a monster?


 Northern Plains, July.


 The weather was turning cold, mist turned into frost, it was raining non-stop.


 All the armies engaged in many intense battles, there were already less than fifty left.


 Although Hei tribe won against Liu tribe, they suffered a great loss as well, they set up camp and made use of all their time to recuperate and recover, like an injured beast.


 Middle of July.


 At Du Jiao region, Ye Lui army defeated the alliance of seven armies, on the day of the counterattack, Ye Lui Sang killed three rank five Gu Masters.


 But in this battle, the biggest achiever was a hidden elder in Qi Lian tribe, Qi Lian tribe leader’s godson, Wu Ming.


 Wu Ming was a rank five middle stage dark path Gu Master. During the battles, he snuck into the enemy camp and assassinated the enemies, successfully killing two rank five experts, thirteen rank four Gu Masters, causing the seven alliance armies to feel great fear and low morale.


 Northern Plains, August.


 After Yang tribe recruited enslavement master Jiang Bao Ya, their strength surged and they experienced many victories, after some battles, they were one of the new popular competitors for the Imperial Court.


 The new enslavement master "Leopard King’ Nu Er Tu led his army against Tao tribe. Tao tribe alliance army had suffered many setbacks during the battles, the alliance leader Tao You knew that he had no hopes of ascending to the Lord of Imperial Court position. Thus, he submitted to Nu Er Tu, and after their armies combined, their military power surged.


 Middle of August, Hei Lou Lan gave orders to resume their conquest.


 By September, the Imperial Court contest was starting to clear up. Only five armies had the highest hopes.


 Hei tribe which had Chang Shan Yin, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Nu Er tribe with the new Leopard King, Yang tribe which had Rat King and Eagle King, Ma tribe with Horse King, as well as Ye Lui tribe which had Ye Lui Sang who possessed an Immortal Gu.


 First half of September, Nu Er tribe army fought Yang tribe army. The leopard group could not contest the combination of eagles and rats, after half a month, Nu Er Tu lost.


 Start of October, while Yang tribe was digesting the battle reparations, Ye Lui Sang targeted them.


 Yang tribe army had people who wanted to fight, some wanted to defend, while some wanted to retreat. Because of differing opinions, the army could not execute proper orders, and thus, was taken down by Ye Lui Sang.


 After Ye Lui Sang win, they could not gloat for long, because Ma tribe had their eyes on them.


 Ma tribe rushed for three days and three nights, catching Ye Lui Sang off-guard.


 A similar scene unfolded again, before Ye Lui army digested their battle gains, they were defeated by Ma tribe.


 Ye Lui Sang escaped with his remaining troops, submitting to Hei tribe army.


 Start of November, Hei tribe moved north rapidly, setting up eight defensive lines on the way, and during the middle of the month, engaged in the final battle with Ma tribe.


 Only the victor could stay in the Imperial Court. Meanwhile, the loser would have to pay reparations and face the ten year blizzard amidst disappointment and pity.


 At once, this battle attracted numerous gazes, both participants and the people behind the scenes.


 During the first few battles, Hei tribe had the advantage, after Ma tribe lost two defensive lines, they retreated to the third.


 Ye Lui Sang wanted to take revenge, thus he kept challenging them, killing till Ma tribe army could only hide and defend themselves, causing their morale to dampen.


 Ma tribe had no choice, but to seek help from Snowy Mountain blessed land who was backing them.



***
Chapter 537: Xue Song Zi


***





 Chapter 537: Xue Song Zi


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The lofty Snowy Mountain stood tall and reached through the clouds.


 Mountain ranges surrounded it like stars surrounding the moon.


 The sky had a hue of light blue color. Thin snow fluttered lightly and landed on the ground.


 This was a spotlessly white region with even the buildings on the mountain carved out of ice crystals.


 Here was Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 The nest of northern plains’ demonic path Gu Immortals, with tens of Gu Immortals occupying different peaks.


 On one of the peaks of Snowy Mountain, green pine trees grew everywhere and a seven storey pavilion made of ice crystal stood there. Three large words were carved on the board in the pavillion — Xue Song Pavilion.


 The owner of this peak, Xue Song Zi, was a famous rank six demonic path Gu Immortal of northern plains.


 He was tall and thin with snow white hair that reached the ground and was clothed in a light blue gown. Right now, he was on the top floor of Xue Song Pavilion, looking down at this Snowy Mountain branch peak that belonged exclusively to him.


 He had deep blue eyes and his deep gaze swept through a thousand li of his territory.


 "The snow pines are growing well, the snow willows planted two years ago have already grown to over ten thousand willows. This year, the number of Gu worms produced was close to three hundred rank five Gu; there are still a surplus of ice path and water path Gu worms after leaving some for research. I can sell them and gain at least two-three immortal essence stones."


 "Of course, my most important income source is still the transaction of snowmen slaves."


 Xue Song Zi raised six variant human tribes on his branch peak, they were all snowmen.


 Snowman was one of the species of variant humans who lived in ice-cold snowy regions. They had white skin, icy blue eyes and aqua blue hair. When they die, their blood and flesh body would turn into an ice sculpture.


 Snowmen normally did not cry or laugh, so their tears were very rare. The absolute majority of the snowmen would never experience crying from joy or pain in their life.


 However, if a snowman sheds tears, their tear would instantly condense into ice. Icy tears were precious Gu refinement material that Gu Masters liked deeply.


 Xue Song Zi looked around once and nodded, satisfied.


 Snowmen looked expressionless, but Xue Song Zi, however, saw them as the variant humans with spirituality that was the closest to humans. Many Gu Immortals raised snowmen, torturing them brutally for their icy tears.


 Icy tears could be used in many areas of Gu refinement, and so its transaction in treasure yellow heaven was flourishing.


 Many Gu Immortals massacred and killed snowmen to profit from their icy tears.


 Xue Song Zi also did such shady business before, but he soon discovered the market for trading snowmen was much more profitable than the icy tears themselves.


 From then onwards, he began to raise snowmen and sell them in treasure yellow heaven for other Gu Immortals to torture.


 Snowmen could shed tears at most three times in their life and the amount would not surpass sixty drops. Every time they shed tears, the snowman’s lifespan and life essence would decrease by a huge amount.


 The more the snowman sheds tears, the faster they will age, speeding up their death.


 However, raising snowmen did not cost much.


 Moreover, Xue Song Zi possessed this Snowy Mountain branch peak which was very beneficial for the growth of snow pines, snow trees and snowmen, thus his profit from selling snowmen was much higher than when he sold tears.


 He was good at making money and had accumulated a large amount of immortal essence stones from his thriving business over the years, and was considered wealthy in the Gu Immortal circle.


 But he had one great regret — decades had gone by since he became rank six Gu Immortal, but he still did not have even one Immortal Gu.


 No matter how many immortal essence stones he had, he was not able to buy Immortal Gu. After all, there was only one of each Immortal Gu, others would not sell them even if they had it. At most, they would use Immortal Gu to exchange for Immortal Gu.


 "Now, Ma tribe has already reached the final step, if it can prevail over Hei tribe and enter Imperial Court, maybe I can obtain my first Immortal Gu from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building... hmm?"


 Xue Song Zi was thinking of all the matters, when suddenly he had a feeling and casually waved his hand.


 Space tore open and a letter Gu flew in.


 Xue Song Zi read the letter which was Ma tribe’s request for help.


 "So they have finally gotten to this stage." The corner of Xue Song Zi’s lips curled up into a smile.


 He had been paying close attention to the struggle for Imperial Court and already knew the difficulties Ma tribe was facing. Previously, he had gotten in contact with Ma tribe, but Ma tribe had not made a decision. Now due to the tense battle situation, Ma tribe sent a request for assistance, it was akin to agreeing to his previous conditions.


 "With this, it is time to make my move." Xue Song Zi gradually restrained his smile and activated divine sense Gu.


 Three divine senses separately flew towards three snowman tribes on the snowy peak.


 After receiving the divine sense, three snowman Gu Masters immediately hurried towards the mountain peak.


 After a while, they were kneeling in front of Xue Song Pavilion and greeted together: "Xue Wa, Xue Mi and Xue Ming greet Lord Immortal!"


 Xue Song Zi did not reveal himself, instead sent some Gu worms towards these three snowmen’s hands.


 "Take these Gu worms and also battle troop D to the outside world and find Ma tribe, help them win the battle." Xue Song Zi sent another divine sense.


 "As you command." The three snowman Gu Masters immediately accepted the order.


 Xue Song Zi had four battle troops marked A, B, C and D. They were elite troops formed from experts of the six snowman tribes.


 The three snowman Gu Masters led battle troop D out of the Snowy Mountain blessed land, but before they even reached Ma tribe, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals noticed them.


 "Elder brother, this Ma tribe has relations to Snowy Mountain’s demonic path Gu Immortals as we expected. The evidence is out in the open now, Liu tribe’s external supreme elder Gu Immortal Tan Bi Ya was not wrong." Hei Bai said to Hei Cheng in Xiao Hun blessed land.


 These two were Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 Hei Bai had an ordinary appearance and looked to be middle-aged, he looked clumsy but was intelligent. While Hei Cheng was recognized as Hei tribe’s genius since young, he looked elegant and confident, and was also Hei Lou Lan’s father.


 Hei Cheng glanced at Hei Bai and calmly said: "Brother, do not fret. Demonic path Gu Immortals have always been lone wolves. Snowy Mountain might be strong and have tens of Gu Immortals, but those that are supporting Ma tribe will only be two-three at most."


 Hei Bai nodded: "Elder brother is right, but the current Ma tribe is truly strong. They were able to win great battles just by relying on themselves previously. Now if they obtain Gu Immortals’ support, they are bound to get much stronger."


 Hei Cheng was in agreement as he asked: "Have you investigated who the demonic path Gu Immortals supporting Ma tribe are?"


 "I haven’t but it should be easy."


 "Do it. For the next few days, we will buy five hundred thousand wolves, three hundred mutated wolves, two wolf emperors and a few thousand Gu worms along with other resources to give to Hei Lou Lan."


 "Yes, elder brother!"


 "Also, instruct Hei Lou Lan to end the battle quickly so as to avoid new problems."


 Hei Bai gave an understanding nod, and left Xiao Hun blessed land without speaking any more.


 A war did not only pit human lives against each other, it was more about the competition between each other’s foundations, a war of attrition.


 The struggle for Imperial Court had advanced to the final stage; Hei Cheng and Hei Bai, two immortals who had been supporting Hei Lou Lan, gradually started to feel an extremely heavy burden.


 Although Gu Immortals were rich, they could not support the whole army for such a long period of time.


 The amount of resources and mortal Gu needed were extremely enormous. A part came from their blessed land, but most of them were purchased from treasure yellow heaven using immortal essence stones.


 With such huge amounts of immortal essence stones being expended, both Hei Bai and Hei Cheng felt distressed inwardly.


 The struggle for Imperial Court was essentially a game. But it was not a game all Gu Immortals could afford to play.


 Many Gu Immortals would put huge stakes in this game to obtain an Immortal Gu. In the end, if the side they chose did not become the owner of Imperial Court, they would lose disastrously, there were even examples of going bankrupt.


 But if they won and obtained Immortal Gu from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, all their investment would be worth it.


 After all, no matter how many immortal essence stones they had, they would not be able to buy an Immortal Gu.


 After ten days, Hei tribe and Ma tribe began another round of battle. Troops lined up in a seemingly endless battle formation.


 In the main tent, Hei Lou Lan sat on the main seat with his eyes gazing at his front and his heroic spirit was overflowing: "We did not cause huge damage to Ma tribe the previous two times, we will teach them a good lesson this time. It is not that easy to become a super tribe, hmph! Who will go first?"


 The moment he finished speaking, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu stood up and bowed: "Lord alliance leader, I would like to go first!"


 Hei Lou Lan nodded in satisfaction.


 Water Demon Hao Ji Liu was an expert who had chosen to submit to him since the heroes assembly.


 And he had been assisting and fighting in the struggle for Imperial Court the whole journey, and killed countless enemies and had made huge battle contributions at this stage.


 Although Pei Yan Fei also attached to Hei tribe after Liu Wen Wu lost, he could not shake rank four Hao Ji Liu’s position as the first general.


 Hao Ji Liu was an ’old general’ of Hei tribe army and adding in the loyalty which he had revealed many times, if nothing unexpected happened, he would be taken in as an external elder by Hei tribe once they become the owner of Imperial Court.


 Hei tribe was a super tribe with Huang Jin bloodline, one of the overlords of northern plains. If Hao Ji Liu joined Hei tribe, it would be like taking a shelter under a large tree, similar to Wind Demon Tan Wu Feng joining Dong Fang tribe.


 Hao Ji Liu entered the battlefield and started taunting. Ma Shang Feng snorted and pointed at him: "This Water Demon again, who will go teach him a lesson?"


 "Lord alliance leader, let me go take care of him this time." A boorish guy stood up; he was Ma tribe’s general, rank four transformation path Gu Master — Cheng Hu.


 Ma Shang Feng agreed, Cheng Hu impatiently went to the frontline and started fighting Hao Ji Liu.


 Hao Ji Liu attacked cleverly with great offense, torrents surging around him. Because of many precious and rare Gu he had exchanged with his battle merits, Hao Ji Liu’s current battle strength far surpassed the time when he had just started out in the struggle for Imperial Court.


 The two sides exchanged moves after moves, and after over ten rounds, Hao Ji Liu slowly began to occupy the upper hand.


 Cheng Hu felt stifled as kept on being pushed into disadvantage, he gave a furious roar and activated his killer move, transforming into slant-eye tiger.


 The tiger was ferocious and powerful, immediately turning around the losing situation.


 Hao Ji Liu was widely known for his fierce offense, but he was having trouble fending off the tiger’s attacks, and could only keep on retreating, changing his battle tactics into defending and counter-attacking.



***
Chapter 538: Challenge


***





 Chapter 538: Challenge


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Swoosh swoosh.


 A blue water current shot out. Slant-eye tiger roared in a thunderous volume.


 This was the rank four tiger roar Gu!


 The tiger roar sound waves caused ripples in the air, as it hit the currents, the water exploded into a huge rain.


 After Cheng Hu became the slant-eye tiger, he had great offense, immediately giving off a dominating aura.


 Tiger roar Gu, sends out sound waves. Tiger claw Gu, has overwhelming sharpness. Tiger skin Gu, has superb defense!


 Tiger tooth Gu, is pointy like spears, has amazing penetration ability. Tiger tail Gu, strong like a whip, moving like one’s arms!


 Transformation path Gu Masters would collect relevant Gu worms for their killer move. Once the Gu worm set is complete, they would be able to transform and obtain a huge qualitative surge in their battle strength.


 Of course, the stronger the transformation, the more valuable the Gu needed for their set, and the harder it is to collect them.


 Even if a Gu Master could transform, they needed a lot of training. Humans were born to walk on two legs, having two arms and one head. If they transformed into another form, it would not be easy for them to adapt.


 Same as flying, only huge amounts of training and talent would allow one to have great proficiency in using their new form.


 Gu Masters nurture, use, and refine Gu, this was the deep profound aspect of using Gu.


 The two armies placed their gaze on the battle ahead.


 Hao Ji Liu and Cheng Hu’s battle had already reached the crucial moment.


 Cheng Hu used his killer move, turning into the slant-eye tiger, he had the advantage. Hao Ji Liu could only evade primilarily, compared to his earlier frenzied attacks, he was truly pathetic now.


 However, as time continued to pass, the battle was still stuck at a deadlock. Although Cheng Hu had a huge advantage, he could not turn this advantage into victory.


 Even though most of Ma tribe’s troops were rejoicing, the people sitting inside Ma tribe’s main tent were frowning.


 "Not good, this Water Demon is very crafty! Cheng Hu is in danger." Ma Ying Jie said.


 Many of the experts around nodded in agreement.


 Although killer moves were strong, in truth, they were actually multiple Gu used at the same time. This meant that primeval essence expenditure was very high, for normal Gu Masters, this was a double-edged sword.


 After Cheng Hu used his killer move, with Water Demon Hao Ji Liu’s plentiful experience, he immediately changed his hard-hitting tactics. As Cheng Hu was unable to take down Water Demon in time, after his primeval essence was expended, he would return to human form. By then, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu would retaliate.


 Ma Shang Feng looked calm, but his heart sank.


 If this was the past, Cheng Hu’s success or failure would not bother him. But now, Cheng Hu’s victory or loss was not his problem alone, it concerned the morale of the entire army.


 Ma tribe had lost twice already, Ma Shang Feng knew that the tribes that submitted to them had already wavered.


 Ma tribe army was led by Ma tribe, the other tribes were needed to make the alliance. Once their hearts wavered, the situation would turn dangerous.


 Ma Shang Feng did not wish to see Cheng Hu fail.


 But with the current situations, Cheng Hu was very likely to fail, Ma Shang Feng could only sigh in his heart as he called: "Fei Sheng Cheng."


 Fei Sheng Cheng immediately stepped up, placing his right palm at his heart, bowing: "I am here."


 "You will go for the second battle." Ma Shang Feng said. In order to alleviate the negative influences caused by Cheng Hu’s defeat, he placed his hopes on Fei Sheng Cheng.


 Fei Sheng Cheng was a fierce general.


 Earlier, he was ostracised by Fei tribe, and could not rise up. Ma tribe thus used him as an insider, and during Fei tribe’s internal political strife, they launched a surprise attack while they were weak and managed to take down Fei tribe.


 After Fei Sheng Cheng submitted to Ma tribe, which was a wise ruler, he made many accomplishments and was highly regarded and nurtured.


 Right now, he came before the battle area and shouted.


 "He is Fei Sheng Cheng, ever since the Imperial Court contest, he had killed eight rank four experts. In an earlier battle, he used numbness Gu and fought three experts of the same realm alone, showing great abilities." In Hei tribe main tent, Sun Shi Han said.


 Ye Lui Sang’s expression was cold.


 The ’earlier battle’ Cunning Gentleman Sun Shi Han mentioned was the battle between Ma tribe and Ye Lui tribe. In the end, Ye Lui Sang lost and was chased by Ma tribe, almost becoming a vagabond. The tribes that submitted to Ye Lui tribe, like Qi Lian tribe, all went to Ma tribe.


 Numbness Gu, a rare rank four Gu, had value equivalent to a rank five. Once a Gu Master was struck, they would be paralyzed, unable to move. Although it lasted a short time, during an intense battle, this was a very deadly technique.


 Hei Lou Lan responded in agreement, and looked around, asking: "Who can battle?"


 Once he said so, one person laughed heartily and stood up: "Fei Sheng Cheng is nothing much, I am willing to battle and sweep the obstacles away in your path to conquest!"


 Hei Lou Lan looked at this person, it was none other than Sole Blade Pan Ping.


 Earlier, Pan Ping was defeated by Liu tribe’s three brothers combination move, and was revived by Tai Bai Yun Sheng using man as before Gu after the battle. Not just him, Gao Yang and Zhu Zai were revived in the same way.


 "Alright, then you shall go." Hei Lou Lan nodded.


 If this was during the start of the battle, he would not think highly of Pan Ping. But after tens of battles, Pan Ping was no longer like before, he had grown quickly to become an expert like Pei Yan Fei.


 "Fei tribe lad, you are just a traitor, a shameless scoundrel seeking glory. You being alive is the greatest humiliation, quickly receive your death!" Pan Ping jumped onto the battlefield and shouted, surging with battle intent.


 Fei Sheng Cheng was furious, he hated people who called him this: "You are just a demonic path bastard, earlier I let you act arrogantly because you did not anger me yet!"


 Immediately, the two fought.


 At once, the scene was bursting with attacks as they were evenly matched. When two experts on par with each other battle, it would be an intense battle.


 Actually, the two of them had similar circumstances. At the start of the Imperial Court contest, the two of them were people who were not doing well. Pan Ping was a demonic path Gu Master, he lived a tough life. As for Fei Sheng Cheng, he was suppressed by his clan and could not achieve his goals.


 But because of this Imperial Court contest, the two gained fame and emerged from the battles while gaining great surge in strength.


 Pan Ping only had one good Gu back then, sole blade Gu. But now, he used his battle merits to exchange for an exquisite set of Gu worms, his strength grew by leaps and bounds. It was unlike before when he relied on sole blade Gu alone.


 Fei Sheng Cheng was the same.


 Earlier, he was ostracised in his clan, even though he had a complete set of Gu worms, he lacked strong effective methods. He had also accumulated battle merits in battle, and exchanged the rank five equivalent numbness Gu, paired with his Gu worms, his battle strength rose sharply.


 The two of them engaged with each other endlessly, but they both had their concerns.


 Pan Ping was afraid of numbness Gu, while Fei Sheng Cheng was guarding against sole blade Gu.


 Speaking of the sole blade Gu, it was Pan Ping’s good luck, it resides in the scimitar instead of the Gu Master’s body or aperture.


 After Pan Ping was blown to bits, only the sole blade Gu survived.


 After that, when Tai Bai Yun Sheng revived him, he lost all of his Gu worms except sole blade Gu. And thankfully, Pan Ping had a lot of battle merits which he had not used.


 But Gao Yang and Zhu Zai were not so lucky.


 After they died, they lost all their Gu worms. Most unfortunately, Gao Yang’s rank five treacherous cloud wave Gu was destroyed as well.


 Rank five man as before Gu, it could only target human bodies and not Gu worms.


 But the two felt calm, after all, being able to revive was the biggest benefit!


 Thereafter, they borrowed battle merits to replenish their Gu worms. After several battles, not only did they return all the battle merits they owed, they even had some gains left.


 The battle of two rank four experts attracted countless gazes.


 Ma tribe saw that Fei Sheng Cheng and Pan Ping were at a deadlock, and sent out another six fierce generals. 

 Hei Lou Lan accepted all the challenges, sending Pei Yan Fei, Gao Yang, Zhu Zai and others.


 When the six pair of experts battled, Cheng Hu finally lost. Water Demon Hao Ji Liu had no strength to chase after him, he could only watch Cheng Hu escape safely.


 Hei tribe’s morale surged, but quickly, in the third battle, Ma tribe won, and tied the scores.


 The two sides continued to send experts, as more than thirty battle rings appeared before the two troops.


 That is so say, there were around seventy rank four Gu Masters fighting at once!


 This was a grand scene, in the entire northern plains, there were billions of people, mostly being mortals, but only several hundred rank four Gu Masters, and less than fifty rank five Gu Masters.


 Precisely because of the battle for the Imperial Court, all these people gathered and collided with each other, competing intensely. In the battle for life and death, even stronger Gu Masters emerge while the weak get exterminated.


 It was near the end of the fight for the Imperial Court. Be it Hei tribe or Ma tribe, they were both huge forces.


 Not counting Gu Immortals, either army had a scale that surpassed super tribes greatly.


 All members of both armies were definitely excited and filled with ambitions.


 Only Fang Yuan was calm, in his previous life he had seen even larger events, that was the chaotic battle of the five regions, it was truly a time of unrest.


 "Lord alliance leader, I would like to battle!" A young rank four Gu Master walked up as he could not contain his battle intent.


 This was none other than Ge Guang.


 Ge Guang was Ge tribe leader, he was originally rank three, but after so many battles, he survived and gained a huge boost in strength, having advanced to rank four successfully not long ago.


 Hei Lou Lan was stunned, turning his gaze towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was Ge and Chang tribe’s supreme elder, both tribes were under his control.


 Fang Yuan sensed Hei Lou Lan’s inquisitive gaze and lightly commanded: "Stand down Ge Guang, you are a tribe leader, how can you put yourself at risk?"


 Ge Guang stepped down obediently.


 Fang Yuan asked: "Where is Chang Biao?"


 "Lord, I am here." Chang Biao had a sickly expression, he had yet to recover from his injuries from the previous battle.


 But Fang Yuan did not care about this, saying: "You will go fight."


 Chang Biao wanted to speak but he could not, filled with an intense rage in his heart. Ever since he joined the Hei alliance army, he would be ordered by Fang Yuan to participate in every huge battle.


 Even if he was a famous expert, he could not undergo consecutive battles with such a high intensity.


 "Damn it! This Chang Shan Yin, is he ordering me like a beast?! Curse my current weak position, I cannot oppose him. I will wait and endure, there is still a long way to go. If I can harm you more than ten years ago, I will still be able to send you to the underworld after so many years!"


 Chang Biao screamed in his heart, but on the surface, he chose to obey Fang Yuan’s orders, dragging his injured body into the battlefield.



***
Chapter 539: Rank Five Peak Stage!


***





 Chapter 539: Rank Five Peak Stage!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 With Chang Biao taking the stage, Ma tribe sent a female expert.


 This person’s name was Xi Xue, a rank four peak stage Gu Master, a famous expert of ice path. She possessed a rank five flying snow Gu which once activated could cause heavy snowfall and make a range of thousands of steps into an ice zone.


 When Chang Biao saw this expert, he inwardly said: ’This will be difficult."


 Even if he was at his peak condition, he would have to be careful when facing this woman, let alone now in his injured state.


 The two started fighting, Xi Xue had a sharp offense while Chang Biao kept on dodging to prolong the battle; with this, he was unavoidably pressed in a disadvantageous situation.


 The battles continued and as time passed, some rank four Gu Masters lost, some retreated due to injuries and some died at the enemy’s hand.


 There were casualties in both sides, but with regards to the overall situation, it was a draw.


 Slowly, there were fewer and fewer rank four Gu Masters in the main tent of both sides; they did not have enough to mobilize.


 "Gu tribe leader, please show your strength now." Hei Lou Lan’s gaze landed on a man who was sitting upright.


 Gu tribe leader Gu Guo Long was an earth path Gu Master who had once given huge trouble to Hei tribe army by piling stones into a mountain, and made Hei Lou Lan have the thought of retreating. But after Tai Bai Yun Sheng arrived, Hei tribe won and Gu tribe merged with Hei tribe army as the defeated side.


 Gu Guo Long’s appearance shocked Ma tribe army.


 This was the first appearance of a rank five expert, Ma Shang Feng immediately responded by sending Cheng tribe leader Cheng Long.


 This person was a rank five expert of transformation path and was big brother of Cheng Hu.


 Gu Guo Long bowed slightly upon seeing Cheng Long and politely said: "So it is Cheng tribe leader, please give me pointers."


 Cheng Long chuckled: "I won’t dare to teach tribe leader Guo Long, let’s just compare our moves."


 The two started their battle with such a huge momentum that it suppressed everyone and became the focal point of countless gazes.


 Gu Guo Long could attack and defend with stable and unflustered movements. While Cheng Long flew freely in the sky, fierce and calm.


 When the two had exchanged twenty moves, Hei Lou Lan sent another rank five expert Luo Bo Jun.


 Luo Bo Jun had previously sided with Liu Wen Wu, but after Liu tribe lost against Hei tribe, he became one of the higher-ups of Hei tribe army.


 Ma tribe also sent out a rank five expert to take on Luo Bo Jun.


 With regards to rank five experts, Ma tribe was not inferior in any respect. Previously, Nu Er Tu annexed Tao tribe but was then defeated by Yang tribe who was then attacked by Ye Lui tribe; in the end, Ma tribe defeated Ye Lui tribe, becoming the final winner. From this battle, Ma tribe gained many large tribes - Qi Lian tribe, Cheng tribe, Zhao tribe, Lui tribe, Tao tribe, Yang tribe and other formidable forces.


 At the same time, they also gained Jiang Bao Ya and Yang Po Ying, and together with Ma Zun, they had three enslavement path masters!


 Rank five Gu Masters mostly occupied positions of power and prestige; their tone of speaking in the fight was much calmer and cordial in comparison to the boiling killing intent between the rank four Gu Masters. When they attacked, they would also hold back some of their strength in consideration of each other’s feelings.


 Because if they died, their tribe would become a leaderless group and would be swallowed by Hei tribe or Ma tribe.


 Although they were hostile to the enemy, their heart was still tied to their tribe’s benefits. Even if they were under the constraints of poison vow, there were tacit unwritten rules.


 Fang Yuan calmly observed the battle from his seat.


 He had only showed rank four peak stage cultivation, but as an enslavement master and a key character that could influence the whole situation, his position was special and was higher than those rank five tribe leaders.


 "What a great move by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, a truly wonderful plan!" As he was personally participating in the struggle for Imperial Court, Fang Yuan truly felt more and more overwhelmed.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left built Eighty-Eight True Yang Building as an inheritance for his descendants and at the same time, also set up ’Imperial Court contest’ tradition; one could tell he had pondered about it meticulously.


 Leaving aside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, just this struggle for Imperial Court was a field of purging at every stage with Huang Jin tribes swallowed other tribes and strengthening themselves.


 At the same time, the gathering of goods developed the abnormally blooming battle merits economy during the battles. And through war reparations, technology and skills were exchanged, which further deepened the foundation of the Huang Jin family.


 What was even more important was the survival of the fittest rule which forced Gu Masters to exert their strength at the edge of life and death and become experts. For Huang Jin tribes, this was filtering out the Gu Immortal seeds.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was no longer alive, but his influence was still governing the whole northern plains.


 "Compared to the Immortal Venerable, I am only an ant like existence at present. But it was also because I took advantage of this struggle for the Imperial Court that my strength could advance by leaps and bounds..."


 Fang Yuan then divided a little of his concentration to look into his aperture.


 There were many new Gu worms in his aperture. Most were rank four with one rank three along with one rank five asura zombie Gu and one rank five earth overlord Gu.


 Ever since Fang Yuan had gained inspiration from ’three heads six arms’ killer move, he had been combining his foundation and imagination to make some progress in his research.


 He then condensed the research findings into a killer move which he called — Four Arm Earth King!


 When he activates this killer move, a completely new pair of arms would grow out from his sides. His strength would increase sharply when he used all four of his arms, comparable to the killer move of Liu tribe’s three brothers’’three heads six arms’!


 "But, compared to three arms six heads, my four arm earth king’s form can only be maintained for a short time. I will only be able to exert full strength when my feet is touching the land. If I fly, my battle strength will fall by half."


 This killer move had been newly created by Fang Yuan and was still not perfected. He would need to examine this killer move through battles, add in some new Gu, replace unnecessary Gu or directly cut down on them, and slowly this killer move would be perfected.


 The sun gradually rose higher, but with blizzard disaster approaching closer, the normally intense hot sunlight appeared to have no heat.


 The surging battle intent on the battlefield gradually accumulated to the climax.


 All sorts of attacks burst out in dozens of battle rings like colorful fireworks, creating an extremely dazzling scene.


 There were only a few Gu Masters left in the Hei tribe’s main tent. The rest were either fighting, retreating, recovering or had died in the battlefield.


 Considering the overall situation, Hei tribe was in a slightly weaker position.


 Since the start till now, Hei Lou Lan had obtained Hei Bai and Hei Cheng, two immortals’ active support. While Ma tribe had only requested assistance from Xue Song Zi only at this battle.


 "Hmph, Ma tribe’s bunch of trash can really take a beating!" Hei Lou Lan snorted with a fierce gaze as he started getting impatient.


 His gaze landed on Fang Yuan and was just about to speak, when three beast groups rushed out of Ma tribe camp.


 From the left side, many horses galloped on the earth, causing the ground to rumble like a muffled lightning!


 From right side, countless rats rushed out while squeaking and hissing, so packed that it caused people to feel a chill down their spine.


 From the center, eagle group soared up like dark clouds, actually looking like it could cover the sky!


 Horse King Ma Zun, Rat King Jiang Bao Ya and Eagle King Yang Po Ying, these three enslavement path masters had moved at the same time.


 Beast groups charged, immediately dispersing most of the battle rings.


 Ma Shang Feng saw he was slightly winning in the experts challenging and wanted to rely on the dominance of their enslavement path masters to suppress Hei tribe army and change the unfavorable situation.


 Facing the combined attack of three beast groups, Hei Lou Lan immediately tensed up and looked at Fang Yuan: "Wolf King, it is your turn now!"


 Fang Yuan nodded and leisurely stood up from his seat.


 He slowly strolled to the head of the twin-headed rhino and looked down at the three beast groups - all of them were fierce, powerful and were huge in size.


 Either one of the three enslavement path masters were at the same level as him and were formidable opponents who would not lose to him in regards to enslavement path.


 It was to the extent that the enslavement path Gu worms they had were much more comprehensive and superior to Fang Yuan’s wolf enslavement Gu worms.


 Under the condition that he did not reveal his strength path battle strength, Fang Yuan would find it hard to fight against this group by himself. In the previous two rounds of battle, his wolf group had all along been pushed into disadvantage by the three beast groups and had suffered huge losses. Meanwhile, Ma tribe had relied on this advantage to make the beast groups cover their backs and thus they could safely retreat behind defense lines the previous two times.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan coldly laughed, his heart filled with soaring battle intent.


 His enslavement path Gu worms were slightly weaker in comparison to these three enslavement path masters, but he had received huge support from Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals before the battle and his wolf group’s size had increased by over ten times.


 These wolf groups were hidden within the army and by using some Gu worms, the enemy was unable to sense them.


 "Wolf King! I am Yang Po Ying, do you dare to fight me?" In the sky, Yang Po Ying was riding on a huge eagle, his heroic aura shone and his posture was upright as if it was a battle spear that would charge to the sky.


 He took the initiative to challenge in order to pin down Fang Yuan’s wolf group.


 The eagle group could attack the wolf group from air, thus had a very advantageous position.


 "Hahaha, Old Yang, go easy on brother Chang Shan Yin, after all he is an enslavement master like us. You need to give him some face." From the right, Rat King’s ridiculing laughter could be heard.


 And on the left, among the horse group, Ma Zun who was not good at talking just groaned and charged forward. Around him were large number of Gu Master experts on war horses, guarding him.


 Enslavement path masters could display extreme strength when they themselves were present in the battle while commanding their beast group.


 The three masters braved the risks and led their beast group in the charge. This was akin to three heavy punches, if the Hei tribe army did not block it off properly even by a little, they could very well be knocked out, the whole situation could crumble apart and they would have to retreat powerlessly.


 After all, a battlefield was filled with unpredictable variables. There were many examples of the weak winning against the strong. Let alone when Hei tribe was only occupying a slight dominance.


 "Brother Shan Yin..." Hei Lou Lan could not help revealing a worried expression. Although the scale of the wolf group had increased sharply, beyond that of the three beast groups, he was worried Fang Yuan would not be able to control all of them properly. After all, Fang Yuan had never controlled such a large number of wolves.


 If he was not able to control them properly and instead became confused, or even if he could control them, with Wolf King’s rank four peak stage primeval essence, how long could he hold on for?


 Fang Yuan stood on the head of the twin-headed rhino, silent as his back faced Hei Lou Lan.


 Looking at the three majestic beast groups charging and killing, pincer attacking from both sky and land, and were already approaching close, while Wolf King had yet to make any movement, Hei Lou Lan felt very anxious as he urged: "Brother Shan Yin, make your move quickly!"


 Fang Yuan was still silent as if he did not hear it.


 The three beast groups rushed over with great momentum and was less than two hundred steps away and looked like it would arrive in an instant; Hei tribe’s army was in an uproar and Hei Lou Lan urged even more anxiously: "Brother Chang Shan Yin!!"


 Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed: "It is time! The enemy poured all their strength to pressure me with the beast groups, but they do not know that they have brought about their own demise. Alliance leader Lou Lan, I need to congratulate you."


 "Congratulate me for what?"


 "This battle has already been won, the die is cast, alliance leader becoming the Lord of Imperial Court is a foregone conclusion." Fang Yuan lightly said.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes opened wide, he nearly shouted: ’The f*ck! Where are you getting this ridiculous sense of confidence from! Quick, mobilize your wolf group for me, the enemy is already near and you still have time to talk about such nonsense!?’


 However, the very next moment, his eyes almost popped out like someone had struck the back of his eyes.


 It was because he felt Fang Yuan’s aura having astonishing changes.


 From rank four peak stage to rank five initial stage...


 From rank five initial stage to rank five middle stage...


 From rank five middle stage to rank five upper stage...


 And from rank five upper stage to rank five peak stage!


 Right now, Fang Yuan was slowly lifting the concealment of breath concealment Gu and did not suppress his true cultivation anymore.


 Rank five peak stage, a genuine rank five peak stage!


 Wolf King Chang Shan Yin was actually a rank five peak stage enslavement path master!


 Hei Lou Lan was dumbstruck and dazed as he stared at Fang Yuan’s back view. The Gu Master guards nearby the main tent also looked with shocked and stunned gazes.


 Under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan activated eagle rise Gu; large eagle wings gently raised him to the sky.


 In the sky, he gave a long howl.


 Rank five amplify effect Gu and wolf howl Gu!


 The wolf howl resounded throughout the skies, directly suppressing all the sounds from the three beast groups.


 Howl... howl... howl!


 The wolves started howling one after another in response to Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 540: One vs Three!


***





 Chapter 540: One vs Three!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan flew into the sky.


 "Yang Po Ying, Jiang Bao Ya, Ma Zun, today is the day all of you die." He said plainly, his voice was loud and clear, reverbing in everyone’s ears.


 Ma Zun: "..."


 Jiang Bao Ya snorted: "Hmph, shameless words!"


 "You are actually rank five peak stage, Chang Shan Yin, you truly hid your abilities well." Yang Po Ying said with a solemn expression, her eyes burning with fire: "But this ignites my battle intent! This kind of battle is truly interesting!"


 But at the next moment, when the wolf group emerged, his battle intent froze.


 Many.


 So many.


 Too many!


 A sea of wild wolves surged like the waves of the sea, first was the initial wave, then the second, third... as if connecting heaven and earth, it was unceasing and near infinite!


 Ma Zun was finally moved!


 The eagle group’s movements halted as Yang Po Ying’s expression was stiff.


 "Such a huge wolf group, oh heaven, five hundred thousand? Eight hundred thousand? No, at least a million!" Jiang Bao Ya was shell-shocked, his battle intent vanished without a trace: "Retreat, my rat group was only six hundred thousand at its peak. After so many battles, I have not replenished them yet, thus I have less than two hundred thousand now! This is my foundation, I cannot lose them, retreat, retreat, retreat, we have to run!"


 Jiang Bao Ya was a demonic cultivator, he was extremely selfish, he immediately turned around and ran away with his rat group.


 Three things influenced an enslavement path Gu Master’s strength. One was the size of their beast group, the second was the cooperation of the enslavement path Gu worms, and third was the foundation of the soul.


 Fang Yuan’s soul foundation was at the same level as the three enslavement masters due to Dang Hun mountain.


 His enslavement Gu worms, although weaker than the three of them, was only inferior by a bit.


 But his wolf group had reached an incredible number of one million five hundred and sixty thousand!


 In contrast, the three of them had suffered huge losses to their beast groups after consecutive battles, especially the last two huge battles. There were two hundred thousand rats, a hundred and eighty thousand eagles, and the most number of horses, at three hundred and sixty. But together, there were no more than seven hundred and forty thousand!


 Seven hundred and forty thousand, it was merely half of the one million five hundred and sixty thousand wolves!


 Moreover, could beast groups really be counted in such a simple additive manner?


 It has been mentioned before — No!


 Different beast groups when mixed together, unless there were techniques like three hearts combination soul used, would impede each other and cause more trouble than good.


 Large numbers of wolves gushed out. Before, they were hiding in the crevices underground, while some were hidden by Gu worms, and others were inside carriages. Now they all showed up!


 Even Ma Zun who rarely spoke shouted in shock: "How can there be so many wolves!?"


 They were originally going in a three way pincer attack, to take advantage of Fang Yuan being alone. In the end, there were countless wolves, and Hei tribe’s weakness because their greatest strength instead!


 The Gu Master guards beside him shouted loudly: "Lord Ma Zun, quickly retreat, the enemy forces are overwhelming, we cannot fight them head-on!"


 Ma Zun was not a hot-blooded teenager, he quickly manipulated the horse group and changed direction to retreat.


 But horse group was different from rat group, rats were mostly small and could change directions easily. When the horses run, it was hard to stop.


 Especially when Fang Yuan had purposely waited until the horses and rats came close to Hei tribe army, before mobilizing his wolf group, his intentions were truly sinister.


 But Ma Zun was an enslavement master, he had great attainments. He had a good grasp of his horse group’s condition, he carefully controlled them and the horse group drew an arc across the ground as they brushed past Hei tribe army, turning to the outside, attempting to break out of this situation.


 However, how could Fang Yuan let such a big piece of fat meat fly away?


 Ma Zun was an enslavement master, but so was he.


 Willing in his mind, the mutated wolf group howled as they chased.


 "Mutated wolf group? So many!" Ma Zun’s Gu Master guards turned around and looked, their expressions turning pale.


 Ma Zun had a mutated beast group with him, called pegasus group, but their numbers could not compare with the mutated wolf group chasing them.


 Most of his troops were ordinary horses like terror claw horse, how could these horses run faster than mutated wolves?


 Ma Zun controlled the horse group’s direction in an attempt to shrug off the wolf group.


 But the mutated wolf group split into two, engaging in a pincer attack as they finally intercepted the horse group.


 Soon after, a grand number of ordinary wolves pounced and surrounded the horses tightly.


 "A spectacular intercept, as expected of a master level!" Seeing this, Hei Lou Lan was overjoyed, finally putting his worries about Chang Shan Yin away.


 On the other end, Rat King escaped with a group of mutated wolves chasing him with a sea of wolves behind them. As the slower rats were constantly eaten by the wolves behind, they were like a huge beast rampaging, sucking up all the rats ahead of them.


 Fang Yuan took a look and stopped caring about Rat King, he turned his gaze up towards the sky.


 The wolf group ran on the ground, while the eagle group soared in the sky, it was beyond the wolf group’s ability to deal with the eagle group.


 Thus, among the three beast groups, even though the eagle group was weaker than the horse group, they were in a better position.


 "Damn it, two beast groups have been targeted, the horse group is deep within encirclement, while Rat King ran away, only my group is left." Yang Po Ying felt a huge burden on his shoulders.


 He knew that if he wanted to win this, the horse and rat groups were extremely precious battle strength, losses to either one would shrink Ma tribe’s hopes of victory greatly.


 "The only one who can salvage this situation is me. I have to use the eagle group to attack aggressively, to divert most of Chang Shan Yin’s attention... eh?!"


 Yang Po Ying was still thinking, when Fang Yuan controlled hundreds of thousand of wolves, charging and stomping towards Ma tribe’s main tent in a grand manner.


 Yang Po Ying was stuck between two hard decisions!


 "If we fought one on one, my wolf group would definitely suffer against your eagle group. But we are at war now, if my wolf group slaughters large numbers of Gu Masters, no, even if they just expend most of their primeval essence, it would be a great victory in terms of attrition. Yang Po Ying, what will you do?"


 Fang Yuan’s eyes were calm as water, as the corners of his lips curled into a cold snicker.


 Yang Po Ying thought rapidly in his head, but the more he thought about it, the colder his heart felt. Chang Shan Yin’s decision was truly sinister and evil, it was a fatal blow.


 But after hesitating for a while, Yang Po Ying gritted his teeth and decided to restrain Wolf King.


 This way, the central wolf group did not have to engage the eagle group, and successfully charged into Ma tribe’s army.


 Ma Shang Feng’s expression was cold as steel, he quickly mobilized his remaining enslavement path Gu Masters and formed a temporary defensive line.


 But the wolf group was huge, and there were mutated wolves as vanguard, such a defensive line was thin as paper, easily broken through.


 "This was a huge mistake due to my decision making! But we have not lost, everyone, the situation is dire, we have to stake it all here! Fight with me, we still have trump cards!!" Ma Shang Feng shouted, as Xue Wa and the other rank five snowmen showed their true form. At the same time, an elite troop comprising purely snowmen was formed.


 Seeing such reinforcements, Ma tribe army’s morale surged, they calmed down from the initial confusion, and rapidly shouted, fighting alongside Ma Shang Feng.


 At once, wolves howled as blood splattered everywhere.


 First was the central army, followed by Ma tribe’s left and right troops, as the Gu Master starting their advancement.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily as he waved his hand, several elite troops of his started to move out. All the respective tribe leaders also led their tribesmen into the battlefield.


 The two armies engaged in all-out combat.


 Beast groups, humans, entangled together. Fire path, ice path, dark path, light path, all sorts of Gu Masters fought valiantly.


 Experts laughed loudly as they slaughtered their enemies. While weaklings helped each other, forming groups as they resisted with their lives, fighting for a chance of survival.


 The eagle group shrieked as they attacked Fang Yuan.


 But beside Fang Yuan, there were Hei Lou Lan’s personal guards, as well as Ye Lui Sang, Hao Ji Liu, Bian Si Xuan, Pan Ping and other experts, forming a tight defense.


 The eagle group’s attack was ineffective, while Fang Yuan used wolf care Gu to bypass his weakness of vision, allowing him to mobilize the wolf group to attack, slaughtering horses, rats, and people.


 "We have urgent matters, Wu Ye, you guys go and restrain the experts near Chang Shan Yin!" On the eagle’s back, Yang Po Ying was sweating profusely as he ordered.


 Wu Ye was called Green Bat, one of the three flying masters in northern plains.


 Among the three original flying masters, Flying Lightning Dong Po Kong was part of Dong Fang tribe, having returned to the blessed land. Water Fairy Song Qing Yin had died in battle already.


 Only Green Bat Wu Ye was left, recruited by Ma tribe. He was especially left behind to deal with the new flying master Chang Shan Yin.


 Wu Ye heard this and frowned: "If we strike, and the other party attacks, what will happen to your safety?"


 Yang Po Ying laughed arrogantly: "I have the protection of the thunder eagles, I am extremely safe. Not even Hei Lou Lan can break my thunder eagles’ defense instantly. Don’t worry and go, don’t forget our assassin Wu Ming!"


 Wu Ye heard this and their hearts shook.


 These people with flying abilities rushed out, causing Hei Lou Lan and the others’ pressure to intensify when defending.


 "Careful, they are trying to disturb us, don’t step out easily. Don’t forget that they have Wu Ming!" Hei Lou Lan snorted as he attacked, instructing his men.


 Qi Lian tribe leader’s godson Wu Ming, was a rank five dark path Gu Master. Ye Lui Sang could defeat the seven army alliance because he had assassinated many of their enemy’s leaders, causing them to feel fear and a drop in morale.


 After that, Wu Ming’s performance was spectacular, a good number of rank five Gu Masters died in his hands, including even more rank four Gu masters.


 He was hailed as the number one assassin in the current world, his reputation had greatly surpassed Shadow Sword Expert Bian Si Xuan.


 Right now, he had not shown up yet, who knew which part of the battlefield he was lurking in.


 Hei Lou Lan did not dare to be careless.


 Once Wu Ming succeeds in assassinating Fang Yuan, the wolf group was collapse and the situation would reverse immediately.


 "Charge, charge over and kill Wolf King Chang Shan Yin!" Not just Hei Lou Lan, Yang Po Ying and Ma tribe’s experts also rapidly understood the crux of this battle.


 At once, large numbers of Gu Master experts charged towards Hei tribe main camp.


 "I will give five million battle merits to whoever kills Chang Shan Yin! He will be given the position of Ma tribe’s supreme elder, and will enjoy Ma tribe’s resources for life!" Ma Shang Feng fought and killed the wolves as he shouted loudly.


 Such huge rewards naturally attracted many Gu Master experts, causing their eyes to turn red and their spears to point at Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 541: Four Arm Earth King!


***





 Chapter 541: Four Arm Earth King!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Very soon, Hei Lou Lan and the rest started to feel a pressure as heavy as a mountain!


 "Not good, the enemy has gone crazy, we won’t be able to hold on for long!"


 "Black banner troops, come over to reinforce us quick!!"


 "Pei Yan Fei, Zhong Fei You, Tang Miao Ming, you guys also come over to protect Wolf King!"


 "We cannot continue to defend passively like this, we need to take the initiative to attack. Otherwise, the residual force of the battle will still endanger Wolf King!!"


 Ma tribe was absolutely not resigned to losing.


 If they lost, they would be completely finished!


 They began to stake their lives, the heavy rewards alluring them to brave dangers. The situation quickly escaped out of Hei Lou Lan’s control and the battlefield soon changed into attacking and defending Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s safety and danger directly concerned the result of this battle.


 The enemy rank four Gu Masters and rank five Gu Masters all rushed over, creating a huge chaotic scene.


 This was a majestic spectacle that was rarely seen in the former Imperial Court contests.


 In the battle rings, rank four Gu Masters were already reduced to a supporting role. Even rank five experts could not act freely and were in a risky situation.


 Hei Lou Lan, Ye Lui Sang and others had still been paying some attention to Wolf King at first. But soon, they were finding it difficult to protect themselves, surrounding them were flames, ice and snow, sound waves and all sorts of attacks that flew chaotically among the battle rings. The enemy did not remain in a fixed place, fighting anyone they met. There were times they even attacked their own people.


 The number one assassin Wu Ming stood at a distant, helplessly looking at the giant chaotic battle ring.


 He was an assassin, an expert at getting close while hiding before striking the fatal attack.


 But right now, the battleground had become so chaotic with all Gu Masters attacking madly, all kinds of investigative Gu worms scanning around, and Gu Masters killing anybody they came across. The situation was already out of control, the offense too overwhelming, and some rank four Gu Masters had already become hysterical to protect themselves.


 Wu Ming was doubtful, if he entered stealthily, he might be discovered within a few breaths of time. It might even be his own people who might attack him in the heat of the moment!


 "Even if I don’t make a move, Wolf King will find it hard to keep his life in such a situation!" Wu Ming smiled coldly and kept on watching the show.


 Soon, his eyes brightened and saw a rank four Gu Master of his side moving towards Wolf King from the side.


 "Cheng Hu!" When he saw the person clearly, Wu Ming almost shouted in excitement.


 Someone had struck Cheng Hu from behind and sent him flying towards Fang Yuan.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had Bian Si Xuan guarding him from the side.


 But just moments ago, Bian Si Xuan had taken the initiative to draw away the encroaching Fei Sheng Cheng. She was not a defensive Gu Master and also did not have any intention to sacrifice her life for Fang Yuan, thus she felt that was the most sensible choice.


 "Which scoundrel sneak attacked me!" Cheng Hu fell on the ground and immediately stood up, furiously roaring before turning around and charging towards the direction he came from.


 "This?!" Wu Ming did not know what to say at this scene.


 However, Cheng Hu had only walked five-six steps when suddenly he seemed to have been struck by a body immobilization spell as he stopped on the spot. He furiously turned around and rigidly stared at Fang Yuan who was within his reach.


 After few breaths of being dazed, he finally came back to his senses.


 "The guys who sneak attacked me, I really love you!! Hahaha!" Cheng Hu’s pores opened up in excitement and looked at Fang Yuan like he was looking at five million battle merits and endless fame and fortune!


 Grrr!


 He pounced forward, his limbs instantly transformed into a gorgeous tiger the moment he landed.


 Transformation path killer move!


 Slant-eye tiger roared, a reeking wind pounced towards Fang Yuan.


 "Damn it! Hide quickly!" Bian Si Xuan glanced back and involuntarily screamed.


 "Success!!" Wu Ming felt his blood pumping and his body shivering with excitement.


 The tiger opened its bloody mouth, leaped to the air and pounced down! The huge shadow shrouded over Fang Yuan’s face. The tiger’s sharp teeth was almost closing at his head!


 "I had not thought such a heaven-shaking contribution will fall to my hands... huh?!" The tiger’s eyes suddenly flashed with a shocked look.


 A pair of large hands grabbed the tiger’s neck, immobilizing it!


 "Hmph!" Cheng Hu snorted inwardly, his many years of battle experience and insight allowed him to quickly slash with his two sharp claws.


 Thud.


 A muffled sound echoed, the next moment, the two tiger claws were separately grabbed by two metallic hands.


 ’Where did these hands come from?’ Cheng Hu gazed with bewilderment and saw Fang Yuan’s cold gaze and tranquil-as-ice face, and two bronze arms that had grown from his sides since some unknown time ago!


 The two bronze hands firmly grabbed Cheng Hu’s tiger claws.


 "Hmph!" Cheng Hu snorted and immediately used his tail as well. The tail lashed through the air, forming a fierce whip shadow that was agile and tricky as it smashed towards Fang Yuan’s head.


 SLAM!


 A clear sound echoed. There was not the slightest of injuries on Fang Yuan’s head, but instead it was the tiger tail that had turned numb from the pain and lost its control.


 Cheng Hu had a killer move, Fang Yuan similarly possessed a killer move.


 Killer move — Four Arm Earth King!


 There were no less than fourteen Gu worms used for this killer move, including rank five amplify effect Gu!


 In such a state, Fang Yuan’s defense had increased by over four times. His strength reaching eight hundred jun! Moreover, when he was touching the ground, his strength would keep on increasing without end.


 "Have you played enough?" Fang Yuan gave a cold smile, looking calmly at Cheng Hu, his gaze carrying a ridiculing and cold intent.


 An intense coldness rose from Cheng Hu’s heart before quickly spreading over his whole body.


 Fear!


 Even if Cheng Hu was usually carefree and took his bravery as an honor, right now as he looked at Fang Yuan’s dark and cold eyes, he felt fear!


 The intense fear caused him to erupt with strength!


 The tiger moved its throat, preparing a sound wave attack.


 However, at this moment, Fang Yuan gave a soft sigh.


 "Such a boring trick... sigh, it is better for you to die."


 His voice was tranquil and light, as if he was talking of an insignificant thing.


 PSHHH!


 The next moment, the bronze hands exerted strength and pulled.


 The gorgeous tiger was ripped into two halves, fresh blood splattered and internal organs fell down to the ground.


 Two irregular tiger part fell down to the ground and transformed back to two halves of a human.


 And the tiger head turned back to Cheng Hu’s head; his eyes were wide open in fear, completely revealing the fear of death!


 Fang Yuan grabbed Cheng Hu’s skull and slowly raised his head, his gaze traversing through everyone and landed on Yang Po Ying.


 The hair all over Yang Po Ying’s body stood on their end, an intense sense of danger was rising in his heart!


 Fang Yuan flapped his eagle wings and flew to the sky!


 Yang Po Ying’s pupils shrunk, immediately mobilizing the thunder eagle group to protect him.


 Fang Yuan smiled in disdain: Do you think you can block me with just these beasts with rank four battle strength?


 Hehe.


 Bam Bam Bam....


 He directly charged straight ahead, the thunder eagles in his way were forcefully smashed into pieces.


 By the time the Gu Masters in the chaotic battlefield reacted, Fang Yuan had already charged through the thunder eagle group like a hot knife cutting through butter and reached Yang Po Ying.


 "You!" Yang Po Ying’s face lost all blood as he looked at Fang Yuan with extreme fear.


 Fang Yuan lifted him by his head, his whole body not even able to resist the slightest bit.


 Fang Yuan lightly clenched his hand.


 Crack!


 Fang Yuan burst Eagle King Yang Po Ying’s head as easily as bursting a watermelon.


 Blood and brain matter splattered, and the eagle group instantly crumbled apart.


 The eagle group flew away back to the sunny sky.


 The enormous commotion attracted countless people.


 "What? Wolf King personally killed Eagle King?!" A lot of people shouted incredulously at this sight.


 "Now, it is your turn." Fang Yuan did not stop, his cold gaze landing on Ma Zun.


 They were separated by ten thousand steps of distance and he was protected by the majestic horse group, but Ma Zun still felt a terror as if a calamity was descending upon him.


 "Block him!"


 "Kill Wolf King!!"


 Wu Ye and Xi Xue flew together and pincer attacked Fang Yuan.


 "A bunch of trash wants to block me?" Fang Yuan snorted in disdain, he flapped his two wings and easily shook away Xi Xue, directly charging towards Wu Ye.


 "This..." Wu Ye had never expected Fang Yuan to be so violent! He overestimated his own defense while also underestimating Fang Yuan’s fierce offensive.


 The defensive light barrier only held for half a breath of time before collapsing apart. Wu Ye immediately sensed danger and with his master level flying skill, he was able to make a dodging movement which others simply could not do.


 If it were others, they might only be able to let him escape, but Fang Yuan was similarly a flying master!


 Bang!


 A dull sound echoed, half of Wu Ye’s body was smashed into paste with bones fracturing into pieces and internal organs of half his body bursting apart. 

 His eyes were wide open as he fell down from the sky.


 A generation’s flying master, a demonic path expert had perished!


 Fang Yuan moved on towards Ma Zun without even glancing at Wu Ye.


 ROAR!


 A dragon roar echoed like a thunder, and an enormous dragon blocked Fang Yuan’s way.


 This giant dragon had golden horn, three claws and dragon eyes which were burning like lanterns, revealing the flames of revenge: "Chang Shan Yin! you dared to kill my younger brother, you shall pay the most bitter price for this!"


 This person was a rank five expert of transformation path, Cheng Hu’s big brother — Cheng Long!


 "Noisy earthworm." Fang Yuan snorted and increased his speed, leaving behind an afterimage in the air as he fiercely smashed into the giant dragon.


 BOOM!


 The explosive sound of the collision was deafening.


 The sound wave spread to all directions, resounding through the sky and earth.


 Hearts trembled as countless gazes fixed at the distant, looking at Fang Yuan whose body had inflated by two times and was covered in a bronze luster, his four arms thicker than a grown man’s thighs.


 He stood proudly in the air, grabbing a broken dragon horn.


 While the three clawed golden giant dragon fell down to the ground like a puppet with its strings cut. It fiercely smashed into the ground, creating a giant pit with dragon blood and dragon scales splattering all around.


 "What?" Ma Shang Feng’s pupils rapidly shrunk as he blurted out involuntarily, not daring to believe the reality, "Even Cheng Long could not take one move from him!"


 "This killer move..." Hei Lou Lan absentmindedly looked at Fang Yuan, seeing the reflection of Liu tribe’s three brothers’’three heads six arms’ killer move.


 "Ma Zun, I, Wolf King, will take your life." Fang Yuan lightly said, his voice travelling across the battlefield, his calm tone was like he was once again speaking of insignificant matter.


 But to everyone else, his words had a feeling of being unrivalled!


 "Uncle Ma Zun, leave quickly. I will block him!" Ma tribe’s young tribe leader Ma Ying Jie shouted from Ma Zun’s side.


 The other Gu Master guards also started persuading: "Wolf King is very fierce, we cannot face him head-on. Lord and young tribe leader, please leave, we will hold him back!"



***
Chapter 542: Dual Cultivating Two Paths!


***





 Chapter 542: Dual Cultivating Two Paths!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 People all around Ma Zun kept on persuading strongly; Ma Zun’s expression was ashen as he resolutely refused: "No, my Ma tribe only has warriors who will fight to death, not cowards who will run away. I am a symbol of Ma tribe, it will be a heavy impact to our army’s morale if I run away! I cannot leave, we have yet to lose, I still have my pegasus group!"


 With a shift of his mind, the pegasus flew into the air like clouds.


 These grand beasts had snow-white fur, their mane fluttered in the wind as they unfolded their pure white wings.


 These pegasus were Ma tribe’s pride.


 A grand feeling emerged in Ma tribesmen’s hearts as they looked at these pegasus, the feelings of fear quickly calmed down.


 "Right, we still have pegasus.... ah!?" Ma Ying Jie was speaking, when suddenly he exclaimed in shock and terror!


 Fang Yuan was shooting towards them like a meteor, fiercely crashing through the pegasus group without any intent to dodge.


 The pegasus which had rank four battle strength were smashed through, their blood spurting high.


 The horse group neighed in panic, their pure white feathers helplessly drifted in the air as their corpse fell down to the ground.


 Fang Yuan moved straight through pegasus group and reached above Ma Zun and the group with none able to block him!


 Ma Zun was stunned, the Gu Masters beside opened their mouth wide as they looked at Fang Yuan, their heart filled with extreme shock, helplessness and fear.


 Fang Yuan’s ghostly figure deeply imprinted itself in the depths of their heart, never to be forgotten!


 "No, I have not lost yet!" Ma Zun freaked out and was about to use his killer move when he was blocked by Ma Ying Jie.


 "Uncle, let me do it. Once you use this killer move, your cultivation will fall. Ma tribe can lose me, but it can never lose you!" Ma Ying Jie shouted, his gaze filled with determination.


 "Ying Jie!" Ma Zun’s body shook, he looked at this junior whom he appreciated and was most hopeful about, and felt his will to fight to the death.


 Ma Zun did not want his nephew to sacrifice for him.


 But just like Ma Ying Jie said, Ma tribe could lose Ma Ying Jie, but it needed him, Ma Zun, to command horse group. The eagle group had crumbled apart now and the rat group could not be counted on, if they lose the horse group as well, Ma tribe’s defeat will be certain!


 "Also, my death is not certain. Uncle, leave quickly!" Ma Ying Jie turned solemn, mobilizing his primeval essence into several Gu worms.


 Killer move — Dragon Horse Spirit!


 This was a killer move that was specially prepared for them by Snowy Mountain’s demonic path Gu Immortal Xue Song Zi.


 Neighhh Neighhh...


 Many horses beside Ma Ying Jie raised their front legs and gave desperate and crazy neighs.


 Large amount of blood seeped out of their body; they fell down one after another as they lost their life.


 But at the same time, diverse and gorgeous horse souls resembling rainbows pierced out of the corpses.


 "Mutated horse souls..." Fang Yuan’s pupils slightly shrunk.


 Normal souls were simply impossible to be detected by ordinary people.


 But these horse souls had a pair of coral-like dragon horns on their head and were also of every size, as if they were alive, and they also shone with all kinds of colors; only the blind would not be able to see them.


 Dragon horses floated up and charged towards Fang Yuan in a very fast speed.


 Fang Yuan flew away, pulling apart some distance while also making probing attacks.


 These horse souls were troublesome because they were souls. Ordinary physical attacks had no effect on them. At the same time, their self-destruction had the power equal to the soul explosion of the previous shark fin wolf!


 Fang Yuan’s killer move was strong, but it was not a soul path killer move; if three horse souls self-destructed at the same time, he would not be able to endure it.


 After all, his soul cultivation was still at thousand man soul.


 "But why would I face you head-on?" Fang Yuan scoffed and slowly landed on the ground.


 He was not simply a pure strength path Gu Master, he still had enslavement path methods.


 Next moment, wolf smoke surged and healed the wolves beside him. Wolf howl resounded raising the wolves’ battle strength by several times.


 The wolves then charged towards Ma Ying Jie and Ma Zun like hungry sharks.


 "Damn it!" Ma Ying Jie immediately experienced Fang Yuan’s insidiousness and unscrupulousness!


 He had sacrificed large numbers of horses beside him to form into mutated horse souls for the killer move ’dragon horse spirit’.


 But Fang Yuan did not face his horse souls, instead sending his wolf group to death.


 The wolves used their lives to wear down the horse souls’ strength, and the mutated horse souls started becoming dimmer as they defended against the wolf group’s fierce attacks; some dispersed and some self-destructed.


 Large numbers of wolves died in exchange for a sharp reduction of the horse souls.


 Fang Yuan was displaying the essence of the enslavement path to the extreme.


 Enslavement path Gu Masters used cannon fodder to exhaust the enemy’s precious strength. For example, consuming their primeval essence, and right now, it was to perish along with the horse souls.


 Ma Ying Jie could do nothing to Fang Yuan!


 Mutated horse souls were strong, but after slaughtering so many wolves in such a short period of time, they were now powerless to be of any threat to Fang Yuan.


 "Uncle, leave! You are our Ma tribe’s hope, leave quickly!" Ma Ying Jie shouted, persuading Ma Zun to leave again.


 Ma Zun’s cheeks streamed with tears, his heart filled with pain, hatred, anger and hesitation.


 He gritted his teeth to the point of almost breaking them, but in the end, under the urging of his rationality, he slowly moved his body and led a group of horses, leaving Ma Ying Jie and retreating towards Ma tribe camp.


 "Hmm?" Fang Yuan immediately sensed Ma Zun’s movement.


 Ma Zun was an enslavement path master, hundred times more significant than Ma Ying Jie! Fang Yuan immediately flapped his wings and flew to the sky. He gave up on Ma Ying Jie and began to chase Ma Zun.


 "Wolf King, don’t leave!" Ma Ying Jie hurriedly mobilized horse souls to fly into the sky to intercept Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan coldly smiled in disdain and made an exquisite turn in the air, throwing all the horse souls behind him.


 He was a flying master while these mutated horse souls were no more than Ma Ying Jie’s puppets.


 Looking at Fang Yuan rushing towards them with killing intent, the Gu Master guards beside Ma Zun immediately became fearful.


 With no choice, Ma Zun also used the killer move ’dragon horse spirit’!


 Under his control, mutated horse souls formed into a tight defense line; their might was much more than what Ma Ying Jie showed.


 Even if Fang Yuan had flying master achievement, it would be difficult for him to break through.


 ROAR!


 A dragon roar resonated at this moment.


 An enormous shadow shrouded over Fang Yuan.


 The three clawed, golden horn giant dragon once again charged at Fang Yuan!


 Cheng Long had been defeated in one move by Fang Yuan and had fallen down to the ground miserably. He had barely crawled out of the hole when he was attacked by several enemies, and after spending all his strength to thwart and beat away these obstacles, he chased after Fang Yuan in rage, to take revenge.


 "You actually came to send yourself to death." Fang Yuan coldly smiled, not in the least moved as he looked at the dragon claws that were rapidly approaching him with an invincible might.


 The eagle wings on his back flapped and he easily brushed past the dragon claws.


 Relying on his exquisite flying skill, he made the giant dragon go circles around him.


 "Not good, I am not Wolf King’s match in the air!" Cheng Long soon realized his disadvantage, but it was already late.


 Fang Yuan grabbed this gap to fly to the dragon head.


 His two bronze arms ruthlessly pounded on the the two eyes of the giant dragon like a battle spear or a sharp sword.


 The dragon eyes burst and blood splashed in all directions.


 The giant dragon immediately went mad, roaring miserably due to the intense pain.


 Fang Yuan was splashed all over with scarlet blood, but he did not stop, he gave a sinister smile and continued piercing deep into the eyes with his two hands, directly attacking the brain membrane. While his other two hands smashed at the dragon head like a heavy hammer.


 BANG BANG BANG!


 Huge sounds echoed out again and again as Fang Yuan continued to hammer at the dragon head like pounding on a war drum.


 The giant dragon started falling down, it struggled with mad fervor and its long tail twisted into a braid.


 Stones and mud flew, and the dragon tail lashed out, sending both humans and beasts flying.


 Fang Yuan did not stop his attack, he continued to pound for twenty to thirty times and was finally satisfied when the dragon head was thoroughly smashed into pieces.


 White brain matter and blood spurted upon his whole body.


 He took a deep breath, the intense odor of blood instead making him feel satisfied! Especially when he looked silently at this giant dragon corpse that he had conquered.


 "Man, no matter which world they live in, all lives to conquer; conquer the enemy, conquer themselves..." Fang Yuan sighed with emotion.


 Although the dragon had already died, the dragon corpse had not transformed back, one could see how profound Cheng Long’s achievement in transformation path was.


 "His head was quite tough, but he was no more than an impulsive fool." Fang Yuan lightly commented before looking towards Ma Zun again.


 "He... he even killed Cheng Long!"


 "Is this still Wolf King? Wasn’t he an enslavement path master?!"


 The scene of Fang Yuan stepping on the corpse shocked many.


 Most of them simply did not dare to believe their own eyes.


 How could Wolf King change from an enslavement path master into such a fierce warrior that rampaged in the battlefield?


 Meanwhile, the wolf group howled and charged waves after waves without any pause, showing Fang Yuan’s exquisite beast controlling skill.


 Ma Zun’s face was pale, his primeval essence was gradually exhausted as he kept on maintaining the killer move ’dragon horse spirit’.


 The mutated horse souls had formed a tight defensive battle formation; the wolf group throwing their lives as they charged forward waves after waves.


 Fang Yuan remained unmoved at these sacrifices, only sneering inwardly: ’Now, let me show you the true power of dual cultivation in enslavement and strength path.’


 With a shift of his mind, the wolf group immediately changed their offensive pattern, dividing into several groups and breaking forward like sharp cones. The mutated souls’ battle formation was unavoidably pulled apart.


 As the defensive line became thinly spread, Fang Yuan took the initiative to launch an assault.


 Ma Zun felt a chill in his heart and promptly maneuvered the mutated horse souls to intercept Fang Yuan, but this caused the defensive line to turn chaotic.


 Fang Yuan laughed and changed the direction of his assault while making the wolf group charge ahead by three hundred steps.


 Ma Zun blocked left and right, soon being unable to hold off the attacks.


 If he guarded against Fang Yuan’s assault, the wolf group would be free to charge forward. If he defend against the wolf group, he would not be able to guard against Fang Yuan.


 After several rounds, Fang Yuan saw a gap and fiercely charged towards Ma Zun. The first strike broke Ma Zun’s defensive barrier, the second punch seriously injured Ma Zun and the third punch killed this famous enslavement path master!


 Ma Zun died!


 The horse group crumbled apart and Ma tribe’s army’s morale lowered to the abyss!


 "If I had not seen it personally, I would never have believed this!"


 "Horse King actually died by enslavement path master Wolf King’s beheading the leader tactic!!"


 "Wolf King concealed himself too deeply, he actually cultivated both enslavement and strength path. He simply does not need to fear beheading the leader tactics, how can we deal with such an enslavement path master?"



***
Chapter 543: Victory has been decided


***





 Chapter 543: Victory has been decided


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The terrifying strength Fang Yuan displayed inflicted heavy pressure on everyone in Ma tribe army.


 Despair was quickly spreading in their heart!


 "Now, we can only rely on Rat King, only the rat group can contend against the wolf group!" Ma Shang Feng’s face was ashen, Ma Zun’s death made him feel like he had fallen into an ice cave. But he was Ma tribe leader, and under this desperation, he looked towards Jiang Bao Ya’s direction.


 However, the next moment, the only hope left in Ma Shang Feng’s eyes was also obliterated.


 Rat King had actually fled!


 "Heavens, this Wolf King is a monster! Eagle King, Horse King, Cheng Long, Cheng Hu and Wu Ye were all killed by him, will I be able to survive if I don’t run away now?"


 Blood flowed out of all seven facial orifices of Jiang Bao Ya as he ran away.


 He could not do anything about this, he had sworn the poison vow when he joined Ma tribe army. Now that he was deserting in the battle, he naturally suffered the backlash of the poison vow.


 But Jiang Bao Ya wanted to retreat even if he had to risk the backlash!


 Fang Yuan’s terrifying performance had already completely obliterated all will to battle in his heart.


 "Rat King, return right now!!" Ma Shang Feng shouted.


 But Jiang Bao Ya ignored him and ran madly.


 The blood from his seven facial orifices was dying the path, showing his determination to run!


 His fleeing attracted the people around him and soon, a large number of Ma tribe Gu Masters began to retreat with large number of tribes gathering their forces as they retreated from the battlefield.


 "One really shouldn’t rely on outsiders!" Ma Shang Feng spurted out a large mouthful of blood before he blacked out and fainted.


 Ma tribe army was utterly crushed, the situation was set!


 Despite having the snowman elite troops, they could not turn around the situation.


 Gu Master experts also started to retreat one after another.


 ’I almost had to break my seal and use my true martial physique to fight. Luckily! Luckily!’ In a battle ring, Hei Lou Lan who had been attacked from all around, was gasping, his body full of injuries and his primeval essence heavily depleted, but the ominous glint in his eyes was becoming colder and sharper.


 Under his order, Hei tribe army began a ruthless hunt.


 The more they killed, the more battle merits they would obtain. Even a fool understood this.


 Fame and fortune incited Hei tribe army to be like brutal famished wolves.


 At first, the elite troops were covering Ma tribe’s retreat, but soon Hei tribe’s elite troops rushed to them and pinned them down. Ma tribe army had thoroughly collapsed and countless people were escaping to all directions.


 Fang Yuan did not move, instead calling the wolf group to protect him.


 "Heavy internal bleeding, soul has been weakened to five hundred man soul..." Fang Yuan inspected his body, swallowing the blood in his mouth as waves after waves of dizziness attacked him.


 His two bronze arms quietly disappeared. The repercussions of four arm earth king killer move was much more serious than what he had expected.


 "The several experiments before only scratched the surface. Now that I used it to its extreme, even going beyond the theorised time limit, a problem has occured. Sure enough, genuine knowledge comes from practice."


 Killer move was an exquisite coordination between Gu worms.


 But a killer move was not perfected by just planning it.


 Only by putting it into practice and revising it continuously, could the killer move be perfected. And this process to perfect it could last a very long time, lasting generations and even over ten generations of continuous deductions and adjustments.


 Four arm earth king was a result of Fang Yuan using his five hundred years of experience along with a moment of inspiration. It was made in a hurry and was still in experimental phase.


 Fang Yuan was soon able to understand what caused such heavy repercussions.


 "It is the rank five earth overlord Gu. This killer move was originally based on ground fight, the longer one is touching the ground, the lighter the repercussions. But I was flying almost all the time in this battle. Thus, this problem was exposed."


 "It seems four arm earth king killer move has a lot of shortcomings. From this battle, I can see flying is much more convenient than charging crash Gu, and possesses much higher threat to enemies. Since I have master level attainment in flying, I should make full use of this superiority."


 He was not willing to give up flying, so the four arm earth king killer move had to be greatly altered.


 Fang Yuan sat on the aged night wolf emperor, quietly pondering while looking at the wanton slaughtering by Hei tribe army.


 "Damn it... still vigilant, not giving me even a little chance!" Assassin Wu Ming was hiding in a distant while observing Fang Yuan.


 He had been thinking of taking advantage of Wolf King’s negligence after the battles, to sneak attack him.


 If he succeeded and killed Wolf King, Ma tribe would still have a chance to regroup and make a comeback.


 But Fang Yuan did not give him any opportunity, almost as if he saw through his plan.


 Wu Ming waited for a while more, but because of Hei tribe experts moving about more frequently nearby, he could not endure anymore and quietly retreated.


 Ma tribe was fleeing in defeat, and while they were fleeing, Ma tribe leader Ma Shang Feng woke up.


 He was still not resigned and after they fled to the defense line, he tried to hold on by relying on the defense line.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mountain as before Gu wrecked his plan. Hei tribe army broke through the defense line, Pan Ping used his sole blade Gu and luckily managed to get Ma Shang Feng’s head in the chaotic battle.


 With Ma tribe leader’s death, Ma tribesmen no longer had the will to battle.


 Tao tribe, Yang tribe and Qi Lian tribe surrendered one after another. The surrendering process unavoidably attracted most of Hei tribe’s attention.


 "Move faster, faster, faster!" Zhao Lian Yun was urging from inside the carriage.


 Fei Cai was taking the coachman position and used all his strength to lash at the horse, the carriage’s two wheels moved at a rapid speed.


 Fei Cai was Ma Ying Jie’s head servant and being in charge of Ma tribe’s young tribe leader’s everyday life, he naturally had to accompany Ma Ying Jie to the battle. Zhao Lian Yun was homeless and so could only follow behind him.


 Ma tribe was defeated, these two and other mortals also fled for their lives.


 However, just relying on the horsepower, the carriage’s speed simply could not surpass a Gu Master. While they escaped, they were thrown far behind by Gu Masters.


 But because Fei Cai and Zhao Lian Yun were mortals, the army chasing after Ma tribe army let them go.


 The battle merits in killing mortals were next to nothing.


 Of course, if they encountered Gu Masters in a bad mood or those who liked to kill or wolves who did not care if they were mortals, just one or two casual moves from either of these could send them to their grave.


 However, Fei Cai and Zhao Lian Yun’s luck were really good, not only did they not encounter such situation, they were actually able to smoothly escape out of the battlefield under countless Gu Masters’ eyes.


 The two put in all their efforts in escaping.


 The old horse pulling the carriage foamed in exhaustion and finally fell on the grassland.


 The carriage overturned soon after and broke apart.


 Fei Cai and Zhao Lian Yun broke out of the broken carriage in a miserable state. Although they were injured, it was not serious because of the soft grassland.


 "Now where should we go?" Fei Cai was indecisive; they were in a vast land without any soldiers or Gu Masters chasing them.


 Zhao Lian Yun panted heavily without replying, she was also feeling flustered and helpless.


 ’Wolf King Chang Shan Yin... there is actually such a terrifying monster in this world! Damn it, if I had known you were this fierce, why would I persuade father to travel so far to side with Ma tribe?’


 As she thought of Fang Yuan’s terrifying figure rampaging in the midst of innumerable troops, Zhao Lian Yun’s body and mind trembled.


 Remembering her father who had died in the battlefield, their current homeless situation and the ruthlessness of fate, Zhao Lian Yun began to weep in grief.


 "Xiao Yun, don’t cry, don’t cry, don’t worry, I am still here." Fei Cai immediately comforted her.


 Zhao Lian Yun buried her head in her knees and cried even louder.


 Fei Cai panicked as he comforted and apologizes repeatedly, cutting out a very clumsy figure.


 Zhao Lian Yun cried for a while, then suddenly raised her head: "What’s the use of your apology! I am really miserable, how could I come to such a world! Now our situation is desperate with nothing to eat or even drink. At night, the bloody odor on the battlefield will attract groups after groups of beasts to forage. Sooner or later, we will starve to death, die of thirst or even freeze to death."


 "Eh? Then, then what should we do?" Fei Cai looked at Zhao Lian Yun with an expression that was seeking help.


 Zhao Lian Yun rolled her eyes and furiously shouted: "You are really trash! You are older than me, can’t you think of something! You want me to think of everything, do you think I am Dong Fang Yu Liang?!"


 Fei Cai lowered his head after being scolded, only daring to look at his feet.


 Suddenly, he raised his head with bright eyes: "I, I have thought of a good way."


 "Ah? What way?" Zhao Lian Yun raised her brows in amazement, this fool had actually thought of a way?


 "I feel that as long as we have a horse, we can escape far away from the battlefield. With no odor of blood, we will be able to avoid the beasts."


 Zhao Lian Yun fiercely kicked Fei Cai: "Do you think I don’t know?! You fool, you big idiot! What good method is this? I also want a horse, where will you get me one?"


 Fei Cai jumped in pain from Zhao Lian Yun’s kick.


 Suddenly, he pointed ahead and shouted: "Look, there is a horse."


 Zhao Lian Yun turned around to look and was stupefied, blurting out: "The fuc... there really is a horse!"


 But she quickly reacted: "There are no lack of horses in northern plains, but what we lack is the method to capture and tame it. Fei Cai, do you have any method?"


 Fei Cai exclaimed, his hand still pointing ahead as he shouted: "Look, there is a person on the horse!"


 Zhao Lian Yun concentrated, there really was a person.


 As the horse neared the two, Zhao Lian Yun’s eyes suddenly opened wide because of the identity of the injured person on the horse’s back: "Ma Ying Jie!"


 ...


 "Congratulations brother, congratulations. Hei tribe has won this battle, even if Ma tribe gets support from Gu Immortals, they cannot reverse the situation." Hei Bai who had been observing the battle all along, saw Hei tribe was already beginning to clear up the battlefield through investigative Gu, and impatiently congratulated Hei Cheng who was beside him.


 Hei Cheng lightly smiled: "Congratulations to you too. Hei Lou Lan, this kid did not betray our expectations. Ah, right, the demonic path Gu Immortal who supported Ma tribe has been discovered, it is Xue Song Zi of Snowy Mountain’s sixth peak."


 Hei Bai’s expression immediately turned heavy: "Hmph, so it was him. If not for him meddling and fighting with me over wooden chicken Gu, the Immortal Gu would not have escaped the bindings, and I would have already been in possession of wooden chicken Gu."


 Hei Cheng comforted him with a smile: "Brother, no need to worry, it will be the same thing if we can obtain wooden chicken Gu with the help of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. This is called: the road to happiness is strewn with setbacks. Once you obtain wooden chicken Gu, you will become an expert among Gu Immortals immediately."


 "I don’t deserve such praise!" Hei Bai immediately bowed at Hei Cheng and sincerely said: "If not for elder brother’s generous help, how could I have such financial ability like Xue Song Zi? Elder brother is really wise and far-sighted, investing so much immortal essence stones, it was an amazing decision. As expected, stocking up the wolf groups before sending them out for support all at once truly caught Xue Song Zi unprepared. This time, even if Xue Song Zi wants to continue sending help, there is no one to receive it."


 "Hahaha." Hei Cheng laughed brightly before sighing, "Without investment, how could there be profits?"


 He paused a moment and continued: "Also, we were fortunate that other famous super tribes did not really make their move in this Imperial Court contest. There was also the information from Fairy Tan Bi Ya which allowed us to know of the secret relationship between Ma tribe and Snowy Mountain. Another point, this Wolf King Chang Shan Yin is truly a spectacular junior, his performance was outstanding, the one with the most radiance in this contest such that his brilliance surpasses this generation’s Gu Masters in northern plains."


 Hei Bai also nodded, having the same feeling: "I have already investigated Chang Shan Yin in detail, he is a person of Chang tribe and was very famous, even us Gu Immortals knew of him. Later, he mysteriously disappeared for over ten years, he clearly had a fortuitous encounter. Now, he cultivates both enslavement and strength path, I saw the killer move he used just before, its repercussions are not small but it is indeed somewhat interesting."


 Fang Yuan could conceal his injuries from the surrounding people, but he could not conceal it from Gu Immortals.


 Hei Cheng was silent for a while before speaking: "This is a Gu Immortal seed, I plan to take him into Hei tribe. After he enters Imperial Court blessed land, we will properly observe him. If he is willing to join us and offer his loyalty, he might be able to become our Hei tribe’s external supreme elder in the future."


 Hei Bai smiled: "The difficulty of ascending to Gu Immortal realm is unspeakable, elder brother truly thinks highly of him. In my opinion, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is also quite good, we can also ask him to join Hei tribe."


 "Mm... but he is a little old." Hei Cheng nodded.


 In these Gu Immortals’ eyes, only Chang Shan Yin and Tai Bai Yun Sheng piqued their interest and gained their attention among the entire Hei tribe alliance army!



***
Chapter 544: Entrapping a Gu Immortal?


***





 Chapter 544: Entrapping a Gu Immortal?


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 When Ma Ying Jie finally woke up, his first sight was Fei Cai’s joyous smiling face.


 Fei Cai shouted: "Young tribe leader, you are finally awake!"


 The simple and honest voice warmed Ma Ying Jie’s heart. He struggled to sit upright, but the intense pain caused him to grimace and froth started to bubble from his mouth, he was barely able to ask: "Where is this place?"


 Fei Cai scratched his head, and said in shame: "I also don’t know where this is, but we should have escaped the battlefield."


 "Battlefield?" Ma Ying Jie suddenly started and immediately asked, "The battle, what happened?"


 "We lost, lord young tribe leader. Many people escaped and even more people surrendered." Fei Cai answered.


 Ma Ying Jie’s face turned pale white and his body shook, almost fainting down, but luckily Fei Cai was supporting his back.


 Zhao Lian Yun stood at the side, looking at this formerly radiant Ma tribe young tribe leader who had now fallen into such a miserable state; it left a bad taste in her mouth.


 ’Sigh, this Ma Ying Jie is young and promising, it is a pity he ran into Wolf King Chang Shan Yin. It was not that you didn’t try hard enough, but that the enemy was too much of a monster...’


 Ma Ying Jie closed his eyes, two streams of tears quietly falling down.


 After a while, he opened his reddened eyes and looked at Fei Cai and Zhao Lian Yun, asking in a hoarse voice: "Did you guys save me?"


 Fei Cai and Zhao Lian Yun nodded.


 "Young tribe leader, what do we do now?" Fei Cai asked.


 Ma Ying Jie said with a gloomy expression: "We will return! This battle is our Ma tribe’s defeat, but we still have some tribesmen remaining behind in warm pond valley."


 Back then, before heroes assembly, Ma tribe schemed and brought about internal disorder in Fei tribe, before swallowing Fei tribe and occupying warm pond valley.


 Ma tribe’s higher-ups, to be prepared for the unexpected, left behind the old, weak, sick and crippled behind at warm pond valley.


 If Ma tribe won, they would take these people back. But if Ma tribe lost, these people would be the seeds to continue the tribe’s bloodline!


 "Return to warm pond valley? But we don’t have water and also don’t have any rations. To travel such a long distance..." Zhao Lian Yun’s brows furrowed into a knot.


 "Heh, little girl, as long as I am here, there will be sufficient water and food. You guys don’t need to worry." Ma Ying Jie replied.


 The three started their journey, coming across many Ma tribesmen who had fled; Ma Ying Jie took all of them in.


 "Lord young tribe leader, I had not thought that I, Ma You Liang, would still live to see you!" When Ma You Liang saw Ma Ying Jie, he immediately said this in a sobbing voice.


 He was Ma tribe’s rank three elder and was lying on a stretcher now; he had lost an arm and his right leg was fractured, his injuries were severe.


 When Ma Ying Jie saw Ma You Liang, tears involuntarily welled up in his eyes: "Elder Ma You Liang, it really is good to see you!"


 Although he had taken in many tribesmen along the way, most of them were mortals, while Ma You Liang might be heavily injured and also crippled, but he was still a Gu Master.


 Ma tribe had been utterly defeated in this battle.


 Before the battle, they had been a large tribe whose foundations were deep enough to charge to super tribe level. But after the battle, Ma tribe was completely reduced to a small tribe, falling down from the pinnacle of their power.


 To the current Ma tribe, every Gu Master was a very precious strength and hope of the tribe!


 "Lord young tribe leader, old tribe leader died in the battlefield." Ma You Liang cried bitterly as he told this grievous news to Ma Ying Jie.


 Ma Ying Jie’s body shook intensely, and despite having already made mental preparations, his heart was still filled with endless sadness and sorrow after hearing this news.


 He gritted his teeth, his whole body seemingly having turned into an iron statue.


 After a while of silence, he slowly wiped away his tears and spoke: "From today onwards, I am Ma tribe leader! Elder Ma You Liang, you need to pull yourself together. Our Ma tribe might have lost, but we are not exterminated. Back then, Ancestor Giant Sun set the rule that Huang Jin family’s bloodline could not be exterminated. Ma tribe has already paid a disastrous price for the battle, now even Hei tribe cannot eradicate us. We will return to warm pond valley and climb up from this loss. I believe our Ma tribe’s radiance won’t disperse like this!"


 Ma You Liang dazedly looked at the young tribe leader in front of him, and in his blurred vision, he seemed to be looking at Ma Shang Feng and Ma Zun’s silhouettes. He stopped sobbing as hope rose up in his heart again.


 He then answered with a very deep voice: "Lord tribe leader, I also believe so!"


 -------------


 Winner takes all.


 While Ma Ying Jie was miserably fleeing, it was a scene of celebratory feasts in the many tents of Hei tribe’s alliance army with plentiful food and people crowding around the warm bonfire.


 "We have won, we were victorious!"


 "Ma tribe’s ambition was too big, they actually wanted to become a super tribe. This ambition was the cause of their destruction."


 "Congratulations to Lord Hei Lou Lan for becoming the Lord of Imperial Court!"


 "Esteemed Lord Wolf King, please allow me to propose a toast to you."


 The main tent was also a scene of festivity. Besides the fine wine and food, there were also beautiful and passionate northern plains’ women dancing gracefully to their heart’s content.


 The ones present in the main tent were the higher-ups of Hei tribe’s alliance army and were all experts. The cultivations of these people were at least rank four, one could say they were the most radiant heroes of this generation of northern plains.


 Hei Lou Lan was sitting on the main seat, and to the first seat on his left was Fang Yuan.


 Before, because of Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s arrival as well as successive joining of several rank five tribe elders, Fang Yuan’s position had been pushed to the back.


 But after the third battle with Ma tribe, Fang Yuan revealed his rank five peak stage cultivation and with his strength alone, battled the enemy’s three enslavement masters, and beheaded Cheng Long, Wu Ye and other famous experts.


 One could say Fang Yuan was at least seventy percent of the reason Hei tribe could win against Ma tribe decisively.


 Everyone in Hei tribe was shocked at Wolf King’s terrifying battle strength and that very night, they readjusted the seat rankings in the main tent.


 No one opposed this.


 Experts proposed toasts to Fang Yuan one after another, Fang Yuan did not refuse anyone, but only took a sip every time. This was completely not a demeanour of a grand northern plains’ warrior, but right now, this instead formed an arrogant and aloof aura on Fang Yuan.


 The main tent was filled with a joyful atmosphere.


 The Gu Master who proposed the toast just before was Sole Blade General Pan Ping. He used his sole blade Gu and luckily managed to take Ma tribe leader Ma Shang Feng’s head in the battle. Thus, his position was only inferior to Fang Yuan in the battle merit board now, being ranked at second.


 Seeing Fang Yuan taking a sip in response to his toast, Pan Ping gratefully stepped to the side.


 Northern plains natives admire warriors, a terrifying performance like Fang Yuan’s was extremely rare even when considering all the Imperial Court contests.


 Flying master and enslavement path master, two master level halos shone on his body. His enslavement path and strength path dual cultivation would give an extreme headache to all his enemies.


 Seeing Pan Ping becoming satisfied and overwhelmed, and retreating in deference, the surrounding gazes showed respect, worship or fear. Fang Yuan calmly placed down the wine cup and sighed inwardly: "Unknowingly, I have already reached this stage."


 Riding on the great wave known as the Imperial Court contest, Fang Yuan’s individual battle strength rapidly inflated. Now, he was already at the summit of the mortal world.


 He had reached the peak of the mortals.


 Advancing further would be the realm of immortals!


 In the battle before, he slaughtered famed experts, rampaging all around with no one being able to obstruct him; very few rank five peak stage Gu Masters could display such performance. Hei Lou Lan’s light was completely seized by Fang Yuan.


 Despite there being great flaws in cultivating both enslavement and strength path, despite four arm earth king killer move being newly created and not yet perfected, they were already enough as a cornerstone to allow Fang Yuan to stand proud in the mortal world.


 In three kings blessed land, Fang Yuan used the blessed land’s power to kill rank four and rank five Gu Master experts.


 And now, he was able to do it with his own strength. Even if Tie clan’s previous clan leader Tie Mu Bai resurrected, Fang Yuan had the confidence of killing him.


 In a short period of time, Fang Yuan’s battle strength had truly increased at a sharply flying speed. This accomplishment that others would find it almost impossible to achieve their whole life, was established on five hundred years of his former life’s experience, Hu Immortal blessed land, painstaking efforts and strategies as a base.


 ’But it is still not enough, far from enough! What can being the peak of the mortal world be considered as? As long as one is not a Gu Immortal, they will simply be chess pieces. Not mentioning the goal of eternal life, just looking at my current goal, I have yet to save Dang Hun mountain.’


 Fang Yuan’s gaze turned solemn as the flames of ambition burned in his heart.


 He glanced at Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was at the side.


 To save Dang Hun mountain, he required Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Immortal Gu — Landscape As Before.


 This was his most important target for this trip to northern plains. Even Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was secondary.


 In his plan, if Dang Hun mountain could not be saved, then Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s inheritance could only barely fill his losses.


 However, it was a very troublesome thing to take away other’s Gu worms.


 A Gu worm’s survival could be decided on simply a thought from its master.


 For example, Fang Yuan only needed a thought and even his Immortal Gu, Spring Autumn Cicada, would easily self-destruct.


 Precisely because of this, when Gu Masters battled to death, they would often get next to nothing in terms of Gu worms from the corpse.


 And Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s situation was even more troublesome!


 Immortal Gu Landscape As Before had yet to be born; it was an Immortal Gu created by Tai Bai Yun Sheng after he became a Gu Immortal, and by using river as before and mountain as before as the main materials.


 Hence, there were two courses of actions Fang Yuan could take.


 First was to capture Tai Bai Yun Sheng and use soul path Gu worms to soul search and plunder the recipe of Landscape As Before from his mind, then refine it by himself.


 This plan was too risky.


 First of all, Fang Yuan might not be able to capture Tai Bai Yun Sheng alive. Capturing alive and killing were two completely different concepts. Especially when Tai Bai Yun Sheng was very powerful and was a time path Gu Master; the failure of the plan would have huge consequences.


 Secondly, even if Fang Yuan was able to capture Tai Bai Yun Sheng alive, does it mean he could get the river as before and mountain as before Gu? In case Tai Bai Yun Sheng made these two Gu self-destruct, all of Fang Yuan’s efforts would go to waste.


 Finally, it was still unknown if the current Tai Bai Yun Sheng had the Gu recipe for Landscape As Before in his mind.


 The possibility of a mortal being able to come up with an Immortal Gu recipe was extremely small. Especially when Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not a refinement path master.


 According to the vague rumors in Fang Yuan’s previous life, when Tai Bai Yun Sheng became a Gu Immortal, heaven and earth reacted, Dao marks attracted each other and his inspiration exploded, making the two rank five Gu spontaneously merge together to form rank six Immortal Gu Landscape As Before.


 If it really was so, then the Gu recipe for Landscape As Before simply did not exist and its refinement process could not be duplicated.


 The first course of action could not be adopted, then what about the second?


 In truth, it was not any better than the first!


 After Tai Bai Yun Sheng entered Imperial Court blessed land, he would advance to Gu Immortal realm. The second plan was to wait for him to become a Gu Immortal and possess the Immortal Gu, then deal with him!


 The meaning of this was that Fang Yuan, as a mortal, would be entrapping a Gu Immortal!



***
Chapter 545: Ma Hong Yun


***





 Chapter 545: Ma Hong Yun


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 How big was the possibility of a mortal successfully plotting against a Gu Immortal?


 Fang Yuan might be a rank five peak stage Gu Master, but it would be almost impossible for him as well to cross the boundaries of immortal and mortal.


 Fang Yuan was a Gu Immortal in his past life, there might be no mortal that had as deep of an understanding of this as him.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan’s plan was not just himself as a mortal going against a Gu Immortal. He would borrow the strength of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the bright guidance from his previous life’s rich experience and also the precious information from Lang Ya land spirit; all these allowed his plan to have a higher chance of success. With this, he had a twenty percent chance of seizing Immortal Gu Landscape As Before.


 Twenty percent probability was already the highest among the three ways to save Dang Hun mountain.


 Only an Immortal Gu could contend against Immortal Gu Gruel Mud.


 Based on his wide vision and experience from his five hundred years of experience, Fang Yuan knew of only three Immortal Gu that could save Dang Hun mountain.


 First was the rank six earth path turn rock Gu, this Gu was with Western Desert’s rank six Gu Immortal Sun Cu.


 Second was similarly an earth path rank six Immortal Gu Rebuilding Mount Dongshan, which was in Eastern Sea’s Hai Shi blessed land.


 Third was time path rank six Immortal Gu Landscape As Before. This Gu had not yet been created and was not a naturally formed Gu. Its master Tai Bai Yun Sheng was only a rank five Gu Master currently.


 To seize turn rock Gu, Fang Yuan would have to deal with Gu Immortal Sun Cu who had been a Gu Immortal for over a dozen years.


 And the situation would be even more bad if he wanted to scheme against Rebuilding Mount Dongshan; Fang Yuan would be placing himself under the radar of Gu Immortals, and would he be able to exchange for the Immortal Gu as a mortal? This was nothing more than a kid carrying gold and strolling around the black market.


 Thus, the third plan of Immortal Gu Landscape As Before had the lowest risk and the highest probability of success.


 Even if Tai Bai Yun Sheng would advance into a Gu Immortal, he would only be a greenhorn and would not be familiar with the qualitative change of strength.


 Compared to the veteran Sun Cu and that group of Gu Immortals in the Hai Shi blessed land, this opponent was much more easy to deal with.


 ...


 Northern Plains, December.


 The blizzard was gradually becoming bigger and appeared more frequently. Even if there was no blizzard, the pure white snow had covered the whole northern plains, and even the blistering hot sunlight became powerless.


 The time of the ten year blizzard was already approaching closer.


 Tian Chuan, warm pond valley.


 "Tribe leader, this is the spirit spring C." Ma You Liang worriedly pointed at the dried spirit spring and introduced it to Ma Ying Jie.


 Ma Ying Jie’s brows furrowed deeply.


 This spirit spring C was one of the only three remaining spirit springs of warm pond valley.


 Now that it was dried up, only spirit springs A and B were left to support Ma tribe. This was disastrous news to Ma tribe.


 The spirit springs in northern plains were different from the spirit springs in other regions.


 Northern springs had little spring water and narrow spring opening, so they burst out fiercely and had poor foundation, so they lasted the shortest time.


 Eastern springs were plentiful in numbers, southern springs gurgled, northern springs were intense and western springs were pure.


 A mid-sized clan could last for over ten years in southern border, using one spirit spring. As long as they did not use up the spirit spring excessively, they could continue to use the thin and continuous flow of the spirit spring.


 But it was different in northern plains.


 Spirit springs formed quickly in northern plains and quickly finished as well. Add in the intense warfares in northern plains, a mid-sized tribe would require at least three or four spirit springs to sustain themselves.


 Ma Ying Jie became Ma tribe’s new tribe leader after he returned to the tribe. Ma tribe had lost at their attempt to charge into super tribe level and was now reduced to a small tribe, causing the large warm pond valley to appear spacious and empty.


 Ma tribe had rations and water sources, moreover had made ample preparations.


 But a spirit spring was a commodity that was an essential and important resource to a Gu Master’s cultivation. Once the blizzard arrives, places like warm pond valley would become the final place of refuge.


 Not only beast groups, other Gu Masters would also come to stay.


 As the owner of the place, Ma tribe not only had to resist against the blizzard but had to negotiate with these people as well.


 The primeval stones from the spirit spring were the backbone in supporting a Gu Master’s battles. Now, out of the three backbones of Ma tribe, one was broken. The weak Ma tribe that was left with thirty percent of their foundations suddenly had ten percent less because of the drying spirit spring C.


 However, Ma Ying Jie had no countermeasures to deal with such a problem.


 If he had a ’river as before’ Gu, he could immediately restore spirit spring C to its original condition, resolving this problem, but he did not have it.


 "Lord tribe leader, are spirit springs really so important?" Fei Cai asked on the way back.


 After he returned to the tribe, as a benefactor who saved Ma Ying Jie, he was immediately liberated from his slave status and was now a free person.


 At the same time, he was still Ma Ying Jie’s personal attendant.


 Ma Ying Jie worriedly nodded: "A spirit spring’s drying up has an extremely huge influence towards Gu Masters. And Gu Masters are the pillars of a tribe. Our Ma tribe not only needs Gu Masters as an important strength to resist all kinds of calamities during the blizzard disaster, but also to fight for new resources to develop the tribe after the disaster..."


 Fei Cai exclaimed then asked while walking: "Then, can’t we find new spirit springs? Our warm pond valley is so large, who is to say that there are only these three spirit springs."


 Fei Cai’s words were filled with his optimistic spirit.


 Ma Ying Jie gave a bitter laugh: "Northern plains’ spirit springs can indeed form in a short time, there might be a fourth spirit spring in warm pond valley, but the probability is close to zero. The thing is every ten years as the blizzard approaches, spirit springs in all regions of northern plains will continue to become dry and dead. After the blizzard disperses, new spirit springs will gush out in large numbers. At that time, all the regions of northern plains will have plentiful water vegetation and you might even find one spirit spring every hundred li. That is the best time for every tribe and every beast group to grow."


 "It was like that..." Fei Cai only then realized he had lived for this long and was still ignorant, and was not familiar to such situations.


 "Ahh!" Suddenly, he screamed as he fell down to the side.


 They were walking a path beside the cliff, fortunately it was a gentle slope and not a precipice. Fei Cai had lost his footing and rolled down from the slope, screaming as he fell.


 "This guy..." Ma Ying Jie was amused at the series of hilarious screams from Fei Cai, his tightly knitted brows slightly relaxed.


 "You idiot, you can’t even walk now? Climb up quickly... hmm?!" Ma Ying Jie suddenly stopped, his eyes opened wide as he looked incredulously at a brand new spirit spring gushing out from the slope.


 This spirit spring’s mouth had been covered by a rock.


 But this stone was pushed by the rolling Fei Cai, letting the spirit spring that was covered reveal itself.


 This was clearly a recently formed spirit spring, otherwise Ma tribe would not have missed it during their search before the battle.


 The volume of the spirit spring was enormous and in a short few moments of time, over a hundred primeval stones gushed with the spring water and fell on the surrounding ground.


 "This...This is actually a new spirit spring and one that directly surpasses the volume of spirit spring A!" Ma Ying Jie was so happy that even his eyes started reddening, "Is this the so-called joy after extreme sorrow? This is definitely the blessing of our ancestors in Longevity Heaven!"


 "Tribe..tribe leader... I have returned!" At this time, Fei Cai came back while limping a little, and as he saw the new spring, his eyes similarly opened wide, "Strange, how could there suddenly be a spring here?"


 Ma Ying Jie laughed heartily: "Fei Cai, you are the lucky star that heaven sent to me. From today onwards, you should change your name. Fei Cai sounds similar to trash, how could I Ma Ying Jie have trash beside me? From now, you shall be called Hong Yun, Fei Hong Yun! It indicates luck shining on our Ma tribe, joy after extreme sorrow!"


 However, Ma Ying Jie was not happy for long, as seven days later, Hei tribe army arrived and surrounded warm pond valley.


 The very night the Hei tribe army garrisoned nearby, the three spirit springs of warm pond valley simultaneous turned black, completely polluted.


 A letter to surrender soon reached Ma Ying Jie’s land.


 Ma Ying Jie had not expected Hei Lou Lan to not let him go even after clearly achieving the final victory!


 The spirit springs that were contaminated by the use of Gu worms could no longer produce primeval stones and were all useless. Although Ma tribe still had stocks of primeval stones, they had already lost the possibility of continuing to stay in warm pond valley.


 "I had not thought Hei Lou Lan would be so hell-bent on attacking! He has requested our Ma tribe to surrender in the letter, which does not violate the rules set by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable back then! Damn it, he is truly hateful!" Ma Ying Jie clenched his fists, his heart filled with anger, hatred, helplessness and powerlessness.


 "Hei Lou Lan who is nicknamed Black Tyrant, has always been brutal and violent. It seems the battle before created a fear in him towards Ma tribe. But because of Ancestor Giant Sun’s rules, he wants to put Ma tribe under his sight and continue to oppress us." Ma You Liang was sitting stiffly on his chair and analyzed this with a heavy voice.


 After pausing for a while, he continued: "Actually, this is also good, we can surrender to Hei Lou Lan which would mean we can enter Imperial Court blessed land as well."


 Ma Ying Jie shook his head: "This is where Hei Lou Lan’s sinister intent lies in. It is true Ma tribe will be able to stay in Imperial Court, but what about others? Let me ask you, how many tribesmen do we have left with surname Ma?"


 Ma You Liang paled as he answered: "Only over one hundred and thirty."


 "Precisely so." Ma Ying Jie nodded with a heavy expression, "To grow our tribe, we would need to take in outsiders and also wantonly connect with marriage and have large numbers of offspring. But as long as Hei Lou Lan sent a command to forbid our Ma tribe from taking in outsiders and even only allowing us to have inter-tribe marriage, then how long would it take for our Ma tribe to grow?"


 Ma You Liang’s face turned even paler.


 He realized the seriousness of this problem.


 Politics was dirty, and not allowing them to marry outsiders could be easily done. Hei Lou Lan would only need to use the reason of protecting the purity of Huang Jin family’s bloodline and he would be able to justly suppress Ma tribe’s development.


 "Then what should we do?" Ma You Liang lost his composure.


 Ma Ying Jie was silent for a while before resolutely saying: "We will bestow surname Ma to the outsiders and take them as our own tribesmen!"


 "Lord tribe leader, if we do this, our Ma tribe’s Huang Jin bloodline will really be..." Ma You Liang spoke hesitantly.


 "We will have preventive measures. Huang Jin bloodline is our Ma tribe’s pride, we can never let it be contaminated. If the situation takes a turn for the better, we can denounce these people and strip away their Ma surname."


 Ma You Liang only then felt at ease and nodded, approving this plan.



***
Chapter 546: The way forward for the insignificant people


***





 Chapter 546: The way forward for the insignificant people


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Moving carriages and neighing horses.


 The huge group of nearly a million advanced towards the central Imperial Court region of northern plains.


 The blizzard outside was blowing intensely, causing the big stomach horse to lower its head helplessly.


 The white snow on the ground was knee-deep, as everyone moved with extremely difficult steps..


 One by one, the blue farm slug Gu moved forward. Their stomachs were stuffed with all sorts of resources, turning their original size of three elephants into a mound-like hill.


 Carriages after carriages followed behind the blue farm slug Gu. In order to shield these mortals from the approaching blizzard, they were covered in frost.


 To prevent the slug Gu from freezing to death, three Gu Masters would be in charge of one slug Gu, removing the frost on them while using fire path Gu worms to give them warmth, maintaining their temperature.


 The army pressed forward towards the Imperial Court. As the blizzard became larger, the army’s speed became slower.


 Large number of mortal slaves fell during the journey, and never got up again.


 Hei Lou Lan could order Gu Masters to save them, but he did not do so.


 Even though the Imperial Court blessed land was huge and could accommodate five million people, in Hei Lou Lan’s opinion, the resources within the blessed land were his, why would he distribute them to these lowly slaves?


 Every extra person meant he had to lose another bit of benefit.


 Using the blizzard to sacrifice large numbers of useless mortals, this was a hidden rule among all past lords of the Imperial Court.


 Mortal lives were cheap. They were like grass, once the blizzard was over, they would rapidly grow again, increasing in numbers and using up northern plains’ scarce resources like leeches, awaiting the next ten year blizzard.


 As the blizzard became stronger, the people move against the force of the wind.


 Fang Yuan was inside the large lizard house Gu, he could hear the wind outside the windows.


 Within the large lizard house Gu, it was warm as spring. Using it to move in such an environment had about five to six times the primeval essence expenditure as before.


 But to Fang Yuan, just his rank five peak stage ninety percent aperture could easily sustain this expenditure with no problem.


 Moreover, his second aperture had also advanced to rank five upper stage recently.


 Fang Yuan came before the window, looking outside the tightly sealed glass window, towards the left.


 Ma tribe’s members were there.


 After Ma Ying Jie took the role of tribe leader, Ma Hong Yun appeared, even Zhao Lian Yun was beside him.


 Fang Yuan had already confirmed this secretly, and even instructed Ge tribe to pay special attention to Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 In his memory, Ma Hong Yun obtained an inheritance of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. In Fang Yuan’s following plans, he was a very useful pawn piece. As for Zhao Lian Yun, she was still just a child, she posed no threat. At the same time, she was very close to Ma Hong Yun, Fang Yuan wanted to observe them further.


 "In my previous life, Ma Hong Yun appeared. Now, despite my influence, Ma Hong Yun still appeared. Then in the future, will he and Zhao Lian Yun still reach that level of achievement just like in the previous life?"


 After rebirth, Fang Yuan had been deeply interested towards the topic of changing history, a desire to know growing deep inside his heart.


 The flow of history had inertia, as well as changes.


 With his personal experience, the butterfly effect theorized on Earth was slightly off.


 Five hundred years in his past life, Ma Hong Yun was given a surname and allowed to cultivate as a Gu Master. That was because he obtained a relic Gu and gave it to Ma Ying Jie.


 Right now, it was because of Hei Lou Lan’s pressure, that caused Ma Ying Jie to have no choice but make this decision. This decision, gave birth to a new Ma Hong Yun.


 The process was different, but the result was the same.


 The event that unfolded before him made Fang Yuan ponder, as he uncontrollably thought of one word — fate!


 Fate, this was a word much more mysterious and ethereal than space or time.


 Legend says that there was a luck path among Gu Master paths, but until today, no one could confirm it.


 However, there were many important characters that were connected to fate.


 In <>, it clearly indicated the existence of destiny Gu.


 The second generation Immortal Venerable of the Heavenly Court, the creator of wisdom path, controlled this Gu, thus being able to plot against three future Demon Venerables.


 In three kings blessed land, Fang Yuan was informed by the land spirit — Red Lotus Demon Venerable was a great hero, breaking the restriction of destiny, allowing all life in this world to regain control of their own fate.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had vaguely heard such a rumor: Giant Sun Immortal Venerable controlled a luck path Gu worm, thus he had extremely good fortune and ease in his cultivation journey, avoiding disasters and gaining great blessings.


 "In this world, is there really a thread of fate that connects all living beings together?" Fang Yuan went into deep thought.


 In the five hundred years of his previous life, although he became a Gu Immortal, he only managed to unravel a tiny portion of this world’s mystery and secrets.


 Be it his previous life, or this life, the more he progressed, the stronger he got, the more he felt his own ignorance and insignificance.


 The more insignificant and ignorant he felt, the more interest he had in moving forward, he wanted to progress further!


 "Compared to this world, I am merely an ant..." Fang Yuan’s blood was filled with pride and humility, obstinance and understanding.


 Collecting all his scattered thoughts, Fang Yuan concentrated his attention on the matter ahead.


 "Imperial Court blessed land rejects Gu Immortals, I am already rank five peak stage, this is likely the first and the last time I am entering the Imperial Court, to physically come into contact with Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 "But this time, Hei Lou Lan purposely went over to warm pond valley to force Ma tribe to surrender, this was a strange move." Fang Yuan’s gaze became solemn.


 Ma tribe had already lost terribly, and they had the Huang Jin bloodline, why would Hei Lou Lan do this?


 This was understandable in his previous life.


 Back then, Ma tribe was not completely helpless, they had strong defense and was a turtle shell that was hard to take down. Hei Lou Lan had no choice but to force them to surrender.


 Now that Ma tribe was declining, Hei Lou Lan still moved his army and laboriously forced Ma tribe to surrender, he spent so much effort to suppress Ma tribe, did he have deep enmity with Ma tribe personally?


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 There were no evidence that could support this thought.


 "Nevermind, maybe Hei Lou Lan was just spurred on and wanted to raise his merits. This is only a small detail, my own strength is always the most important thing."


 Thinking so, his mind entered his aperture.


 The injuries from using the killer move four arm earth king had already recovered.


 As for the killer move, he had several adjustments.


 He changed earth overlord Gu to wind overlord Gu. As for the other supplementary Gu worms, they were adjusted accordingly.


 This way, he would not need to step on the ground, and would fight best in the wind. The stronger the wind, the more battle strength he can display, and the smaller the drawbacks he would face after using the killer move.


 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied.


 This was only a temporary compromise, the weakness of this killer move had not been reduced.


 If he fought in an environment without wind, the consequences of using the killer move would not be any better as before.


 For Gu Masters, there were way too many methods to restrict the wind.


 Once his weakness was exposed publicly, his killer move would no longer have any threat to his enemies, they would have no fear towards it.


 "Actually, no matter how good my modifications were, I would not be satisfied. My true aim is to eliminate the weakness of my strength-enslavement dual cultivation. The killer move four arm earth king is merely a starting point."


 But this result could not escape from the limits of transformation path.


 What Fang Yuan wanted was to completely and utterly modify his body, he did not want to achieve such temporary transformation.


 Nevertheless, reaching this point had already expended Fang Yuan’s five hundred years of knowledge accumulation.


 After all, Fang Yuan was a blood path Gu Immortal back then, his attainment in strength and enslavement paths were merely subsidiaries, he merely touched the tip of the iceberg.


 If possible, Fang Yuan wanted to quickly become a blood path Gu Immortal. But it was different now after rebirth. His vital Gu was not a blood path Gu.


 A crucial condition for becoming a Gu Immortal was the vital Gu.


 Originally, after Fang Yuan got the second aperture Gu, he would have a second chance. But that crucial blood path vital Gu was still buried in the inheritance, it had not appeared yet.


 Fang Yuan could not wait in vain, the situation was forcing him, he could only choose to strengthen himself now, to deal with the challenges ahead, and all the enemies lurking around him.


 Staying alive, that was the most important thing!


 Fang Yuan had also realized that his foundation in strength and enslavement paths were lacking. His involvement in a wide range of paths in his previous life allowed him to easily control Gu worms of many paths, while being skilled in the combination of different Gu worms. Among them, his attainment in enslavement path was the highest.


 But to resolve the issue of strength-enslavement dual cultivation, an age old question, he would need to move ahead of history and undergo creative and daring experiments, his foundation was lacking in this aspect.


 Even though Fang Yuan had clues to Luo Po valley now, maybe after he obtains Luo Po valley, he would be able to convert to the glorious soul path.


 But Fang Yuan never liked placing his hopes on certain possibilities in the future.


 Even if he changes to soul path in the future, his hard work in enslavement and strength would be a precious resource and would greatly benefit his future cultivation.


 Knowing his own inaptitude, Fang Yuan had been reading intensely these few days.


 He used his huge pool of battle merits to exchange for dragon horse spirit, three hearts combination soul, all sorts of killer moves, as well as dozens of small strength path inheritances. He also got the recorded journal of four enslavement masters, among them, rat epidemic, thunder explosion. leopard rush, and horse barrage, these four killer moves were invaluable.


 Fang Yuan’s foundation had always been thick, these days he had been reading laboriously, his understanding and knowledge in strength and enslavement path surged greatly by several times compared to before.


 Different from his previous life where he studied these paths as a side path, he had personally experienced these paths this time, and together with his theories, he gained countless inspirations.


 But these inspirations could not resolve his problem now.


 "Actually, looking at information about the transformation of the body, the first records were in <>. When Ren Zu fell into a certain-death situation, in order to save her own father, Desolate Ancient Moon came to Cheng Bai mountain and killed the rockman..."


 Fang Yuan had a burst of inspiration as he flipped <> beside him.


 This was the first classic of the Gu Master world, countless mysteries were hidden within it. Even existences like Gu Immortal kept a copy of it with them at all times, occasionally flipping and learning from it.



***
Chapter 547: Search for Success


***





 Chapter 547: Search for Success


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan flipped .


 Just like rank nine Gu Immortals who were given the title of ’venerable’; throughout the boundless history, only ten of them appeared.


 There had never been a rank nine realm Immortal Gu house, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable did not give up on his request.


 Long Hair Ancestor could only agree to the request, fearing the might of an Immortal Venerable.


 Finally, he thought of a solution that was not a solution, to create a ’rank nine Immortal Gu house that could only exist for a short period of time’ — thus, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building ended up being at rank eight realm.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had not been pleased with it, but his attitude changed after inspecting it, and was full of praise as he said: Eighty-Eight True Yang Building itself holds the secret of a mortal becoming a Gu Immortal!


 Why did he say that?


 The reason was that a mortal had to cross over the hurdle of the three elements to become a Gu Immortal.


 Element of heaven. Heaven above, with immeasurable might, mysterious and mighty.


 Element of earth. Earth below, virtuous, stable and profound.


 Element of man. Man in the center, the spirit of all beings, exerting oneself to soar above.


 Mortal were like tiny insects, and only by connecting with heaven and earth, could they be free of their mortal state and make themselves go through a fundamental evolution.


 And Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s formation made use of these three elements.


 The Imperial Court contest was to spread the element of man. The ten year blizzard was a cruel and vicious element of heaven. The small towers sinking into the ground were borrowing the blessed land’s element of earth.


 The three elements combine into one, and a mortal becomes an immortal.


 The three elements combined to form Eighty-Eight True Yang Building that plundered northern plains’ resources to give rise to Huang Jin family’s super tribes, and allowed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s influence to be inextinguishable for countless years.


 "Wait a moment, don’t tell me?!"


 Fang Yuan’s body shook slightly as a bright light blossomed in his eyes.


 "The small towers are a part of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the mysterious Gu Immortal who set up Di Qiu inheritance broke this small tower and created a hole."


 "When the hole formed, according to the principle of the refinement of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, there should be a backflow of heavenly power to condense into a new small tower."


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was a rank eight Immortal Gu house and was very difficult to destroy. But the small towers could be easily destroyed, this was like the difference between a Gu Immortal and mortals. Thus, when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable arranged these small towers in the blessed land, he used the strength of Imperial Court blessed land to protect them tightly and isolate them from most sources of damage.


 Long Hair Ancestor was the number one immortal in refinement path, so he naturally had considered the situation of the small towers being destroyed. Thus, every ten years, during the time of the formation of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s main body, the condensed heavenly power would first flow back to repair the gaps in the small towers before condensing into the main body.


 However!


 "Di Qiu inheritance had already been set up for many years, but the small tower over it has still not been repaired. Moreover, this mysterious Gu Immortal used some method to seal up this gap and deceive Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. I understand now, the reason they did this should be none other than to make use of the heavenly power that condenses into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!"


 "Light in the soil, shine up to a hundred thousand feet high, swimming in the sky for a hundred li, praising plum fragrant snow... it seems this secret phrase is the method of Gu refinement!"


 In fact, Fang Yuan had guessed this before.


 However, he did not have conclusive evidence back then.


 Now, although it was still a guess, but after testing and probing it, Fang Yuan was much more confident.


 Time always seemed to move faster when one was pondering deeply.


 Hei Lou Lan and his group were defeated by the golden-white tiger phantom, and were sent out of the tower. To not attract any suspicion, Fang Yuan could only use the glass owner token to get out of the tower.


 A group of people suddenly appeared at the entrance of the first floor of the tower.


 "They have appeared, the lords have returned!"


 "Subordinate greets lord tribe leader and all the lords."


 The guards sitting there, who were of Hei tribe’s direct line of descent, immediately came forward to greet.


 Hei Lou Lan and the group all looked battered and exhausted or were covered in blood.


 Although they had failed, they had made much progress and gains as they were even able to push forward for over ten rounds.


 However, the situation this time was special, Hei Lou Lan and others’ gazes landed on Fang Yuan, revealing the intent of probing, curiosity, doubts and investigating.


 "Hahaha, everyone worked hard and contributed highly for this expedition, especially Wolf King who can be said to be the number one in contribution this time. After returning, organize a banquet immediately, we will celebrate for three days!" Hei Lou Lan laughed loudly and lightly patted Fang Yuan’s shoulder, showing off their close relationship.


 High grade evaluation made Fang Yuan’s worth rise by another level in his heart.


 "I gained some insight from this trip, I need to undergo closed cultivation to consolidate them. I hope Lord Hei Lou Lan would not blame me." Fang Yuan lightly smiled and directly turned down Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan’s smile froze before immediately recovering the next moment and said it was not a problem, showing the disposition of a magnanimous leader.


 As for how furious he was inwardly, or how much the others were envious, Fang Yuan did not care. He wanted to return now to study the secrets of Di Qiu inheritance meticulously.


 Six days later.


 Fang Yuan pushed open the window and looked down at the sacred palace, his eyes flashing with a light of joy.


 He had fully solved the secret of Di Qiu inheritance.


 One only required a correct direction for such riddles and it would only be a matter of time.


 Just as Fang Yuan guessed before, the cipher was a recipe for refining Immortal Gu.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal who arranged the inheritance used the loophole of the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, borrowing the power which would condense into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to refine an Immortal Gu.


