 As long as one followed the words of the secret phrase and refined the Gu step by step, even a mortal Gu Master could refine it successfully.


 It was because the Immortal Gu refinement was not relying on the mortal Gu Master’s power, but was borrowing from the strength of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 But as for what this Immortal Gu was, Fang Yuan did not know and could only make conjectures from the secret phrase.


 "This Gu Immortal should very likely be from central continent. The Gu refinement method is filled with central continent’s style. And adding on my previous life’s video, this inheritance should be in the form of a chain and what I obtained was likely only a part of it." Fang Yuan estimated in his heart.


 In Fang Yuan’s past life, central continent Gu Immortals planned to use this loophole to breach Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. They should have discovered some preceding clue to this inheritance.


 This was not strange.


 Many Gu Masters, when setting inheritances, would arrange them step by step, and leave behind clues after clues. If the fated ones had enough ability, they could inherit the whole inheritance. If their ability was not up to par, they could only receive a part of the benefits.


 Central continent Gu Immortals should have obtained the preceding clues to this inheritance and should not have known the latter part of the secret phrase.


 Otherwise, they definitely would not waste the chance of obtaining an Immortal Gu.


 And what Fang Yuan accidentally obtained was only the latter part. Without the preceding clues, it became extremely incomprehensible. If not for Fang Yuan having the intel of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and his previous life’s memories, he would not have been able to comprehend it even if he was given ample time.



***
Chapter 562: Reason for being cowardly and afraid of death?


***





 Chapter 562: Reason for being cowardly and afraid of death?


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Speaking of it, this central continent Gu Immortal is truly amazing, seeing through Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s hole and also using such an idea. Clearly, they were also a refinement path master... no, to reach this step, they have to be at least a grandmaster in refinement path!"


 "They actually left behind an Immortal Gu as an inheritance. This is truly an immortal treasure! They put the clue in fake grey-white stone slabs, such creativity and innovation was really amazing. I wonder what kind of successor they want to choose..."


 The most crucial problem of the secret phrase was resolved, but even more questions popped out.


 Fang Yuan shook his head and cleared up his disorganized thoughts.


 "No matter what, this inheritance is related to an Immortal Gu, I need to give it a try with all my effort. Now, it should take over half a month at least to prepare the relevant Gu worms..."


 Light in the soil, shine up to a hundred thousand feet high, swimming in the sky for a hundred li, praising plum fragrant snow — these four phrases might be simple, but Fang Yuan would not have been able to decipher them without his refinement path master attainment.


 Based on Fang Yuan’s current comprehension, he needed over two hundred Gu worms to borrow the force of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and refine the mysterious Immortal Gu; among them were twenty-eight rank four and rank five Gu worms.


 And this number was only enough for one use.


 Fang Yuan, in preparing the Gu refinement, would have to make at least three times the preparatory materials to prevent any errors during the Gu refinement process which could lead to failure. And in case he failed, he would require spare Gu worms.


 Sixteen days later.


 In the hall, Hei Lou Lan showed the demeanor of the ’Black Tyrant’ to the fullest, shouting fiercely and wantonly venting out the anger in his heart.


 The elders who were scolded and even beaten by Hei Lou Lan could not raise their heads and were quiet out of fear.


 Ever since Hei Lou Lan entered Imperial Court blessed land, his temper had been getting increasingly violent. After Eighty-Eight True Yang Building opened, this change intensified and his temper became like a barrel of gunpowder, berating and beating his subordinates at the slightest pretext. As of today, there were already three Hei tribe elders who were heavily beaten by him and were still bedridden.


 "Lord tribe leader, it is not us slacking in our duty, but this seventy-eighth round is truly too difficult. The golden-white tiger phantom guardian is too strong and has thirty percent of the desolate beast’s powers. With our mortal bodies, no matter how much we try, we can only harass it and have no way to harm it heavily. Moreover, if the golden-white tiger goes on the offense, our Gu Masters would not be able to resist it."


 Hei Pei, the head of the elders, waited for Hei Lou Lan to finish venting his anger, before cautiously speaking.


 Hei Lou Lan glanced at him and cursed: "Your words are bullshit! Golden-white tiger phantom might have strong attacking prowess, but as long as we all unite and disregard the sacrifices, we can definitely defeat it before the time limit! You guys are all afraid of difficulties, tarnishing my Hei tribe’s reputation of bravery!"


 The elders shrunk their heads after being scolded, not daring to say anything.


 Hei Lou Lan’s words were actually not without reason.


 It was already not the first time in dealing with the golden-white tiger phantom.


 If they truly disregarded sacrifices, and people were willing to be cannon fodder and fought to give others an opportunity, even at the cost of their own lives under the claws of the golden-white tiger phantom, then Hei tribe’s offense, although powerless, would accumulate with time, and could be like groups of ants biting an elephant, eventually defeating the golden-white tiger phantom.


 But the truth of the matter was when the golden-white tiger phantom attacked, everyone feared for their life and was afraid of going forward, causing Hei Lou Lan’s advancement in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to stop at this round, unable to progress any further.


 Hei Lou Lan’s shouts kept on resounding in the hall.


 Right now, no one dared to antagonize this furious Black Tyrant who did not spare even his tribesmen.


 After Hei Lou Lan vented his anger once more, he sat down on the main seat with a gloomy expression.


 His heart was filled with pent-up fury, especially when he looked at these silent elders, he felt sick to his stomach.


 Besides anger, he felt helplessness.


 During the Imperial Court contest, these Hei tribe elders had fought bravely and had no fear. But in this place, they were worried for their safety, where did their courage go?


 Actually, Hei Lou Lan understood.


 During the Imperial Court contest, rewards and punishments were openly issued; people fought to be the first, competing for fame and fortune, to be stronger and to survive.


 However, in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the rewards for passing the stages would go to the tribe leader which caused everyone to have very little incentive to charge through the rounds.


 The most important reason was that they had already won the Imperial Court contest and there were no more threats to their survival, and there were also many inheritances outside the sacred palace. As long as they survived this period of time, they were bound to have an even more radiant future when they exited Imperial Court blessed land.


 Only fools would do things like abandoning their lives and acting as cannon fodder to help someone else!


 Hei tribe’s elders were all extremely crafty.


 Preserving their lives was most important, and besides that, so what if they were scolded and beaten by Hei Lou Lan? Even if Hei Lou Lan heavily injured them and they had to lie on the bed, it was nothing compared to dying.


 Hei Lou Lan was aware of the elders’ thoughts.


 ’Even if I am a rank five expert, I cannot control their will. Once there is no unity, it will not be easy to lead even if the tribe is stronger. Never mind...’


 Hei Lou Lan sighed inwardly and spoke: "Since it is so, then I can only open up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and gather everyone’s strength to charge through the rounds."


 Requesting outside help required guest tokens.


 But right now, besides Hei tribe, there were also other Huang Jin tribes like Ye Lui tribe, Ma tribe and so on in Imperial Court blessed land.


 One could imagine that once Hei Lou Lan opens up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to them, these people would definitely charge forward madly. With this, they could be the cannon fodder.


 After hearing Hei Lou Lan’s words, the elders exchanged veiled communication with each other through their gazes. This method allowed them to stay away from the vanguard position, but they were somewhat unwilling.


 The first elder Hei Pei stepped forward: "Lord tribe leader, this is a clever method but we need to keep up our guard. These people might have the old ancestor’s bloodline running through them, but they are not of our Hei tribe. When they pass the rounds and get the benefits, I am afraid they won’t hand over anything."


 "That’s right, lord." Elder Hei Qi Sheng also added, "Our Hei tribe racked our brains and suffered great difficulties before we were able to emerge as the winner in this time’s Imperial Court contest. This Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is ours, why should we share it with outsiders?"


 "There are precedents of such actions, but when looking at history, those were all weak tribes who won by fluke and did not have the ability to get through the stages, so they had no choice but to mobilize other Huang Jin tribes. Our Hei tribe is strong and has many competent experts, how can we seek other’s help?"


 "Hmph!" Hei Lou Lan raised his brows, "Since our troops are strong, why are we not able to challenge even one golden-white tiger phantom? You group of dogshit trash, only cherishing your lives dearly, but when I want to bring in outsiders to stake their lives for us, you are afraid of them taking the benefits? Do you think there is such a good thing in this world?"


 Different from these elders, Hei Lou Lan was already feeling very anxious.


 He was the possessor of Great Strength True Martial physique and must obtain a strength path Immortal Gu to advance to Gu Immortal.


 Only by becoming an immortal, could he alleviate this threat to his life.


 However, whether Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had any strength path Immortal Gu or which floor the strength path Immortal Gu was on, both were unknown.


 As such, he wholeheartedly wanted to break the conventions and bring in the situation where the Huang Jin tribes cooperate to get through the rounds. Each round he passed would allow the owner token with him to advance and make it more convenient to proceed onwards.


 Although they were defeated repeatedly at this round, Hei Lou Lan thought of it as a good opportunity.


 He took the chance to create difficulty and shouted once again.


 His furious shouts resounded in the hall, causing everyone’s ears to hear buzzing.


 Due to Hei Lou Lan’s might and terrifying reputation, the elders could only choose to compromise.


 The first elder Hei Pei said with worry: "Opening Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to others is like letting in a torrent, once its momentum increases, it will definitely cause disastrous losses. I suggest we place some limits. Wolf King Chang Shan Yin was a lesson that is right before us."


 These words immediately caused an intense commotion among the elders.


 Someone said with a bitter tone: "Right, Wolf King is really a hoodlum, he is hogging the benefits all to himself. Right now, he is in closed-door cultivation, maybe inwardly laughing to himself!"


 Someone scoffed with disdain: "Eighty-Eight True Yang Building belongs to Hei tribe, we let him participate to tackle the round because we thought highly of him. But he repays us like this, hmph, what dogshit northern plains hero, he is just an ungrateful thief!"


 Someone said with a cold and gloomy gaze: "In my opinion, when we open up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building this time, we should not bring Chang Shan Yin in. This will teach him a lesson!"


 Hei Lou Lan coldly snorted, he was naturally greatly dissatisfied with Fang Yuan’s behavior. If it was someone else, he would have already taken action.


 But Chang Shan Yin was not a measly character, his bearing in the decisive battle of the Imperial Court contest was still deeply engraved in Hei Lou Lan’s mind.


 If he said he was not afraid, he would be lying.


 However, openly excluding Chang Shan Yin was not appropriate as well. Not only would that be a display of narrow-mindedness, in case Wolf King was offended, even if Chang Shan Yin did not make a move, he still had the azure wolf group.


 "First elder Hei Pei, since you mentioned this, then let’s hear it." Hei Lou Lan spoke.


 Hei Pei slightly smiled and said with confidence: "There is no problem in opening Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to the outside from tomorrow. But before entering the building, no matter who it is, they would need to pay a fee. There will only be a quota of eight hundred entrants every day and the fee for entrance will increase according to the order of the entrants. At the same time, they must use poison vow Gu and agree to give fifty percent of all their gains to Hei tribe."


 He paused before continuing: "As for outsiders that want to enter the tower, they need to pay a high price to purchase our guest tokens!"


 Every elder present at the scene immediately had bright gazes as they praised this suggestion.


 Hei Lou Lan swept over the scene once before leaning back on his chair, slowly closing his eyes: "Alright, this matter shall be done as Hei Pei says."


 Hei Pei was exulted: "Lord tribe leader is wise and powerful, thank you lord tribe leader for your appreciation."


 The news of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building opening to the outside spread and immediately caused a huge sensation in the sacred palace.


 Countless people rushed to the place of registration; one side cursed Hei tribesmen for their ruthlessness in asking such a greatly high fee, while another side paid generously and even fought others for a quota to enter.


 Fang Yuan observed indifferently, but he was inwardly happy.


 Right now, inheriting Di Qiu inheritance was of the utmost priority to him.


 Even if Hei Lou Lan took the initiative to invite him, he would not have been very willing. While the others had their attentions on Eighty-Eight True Yang Building now, it was the perfect time for him to make his move on the inheritance!



***
Chapter 563: Nature of the Three Inheritances


***





 Chapter 563: Nature of the Three Inheritances


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The night sky of Imperial Court blessed land was covered in silvery light, like silk or fog, it shone down on the land like a vast veil.


 A group of azure wolves were running freely in the sky, chasing birds in the air or hunting animals on the ground. They were not hunting for food, it was merely leisure.


 Fang Yuan stood above Di Qiu, slowly opening his eyes.


 These days, not only did he prepare for the Gu refinement, he even expanded his wolf groups.


 Not just the azure wolf group, the land based ordinary wolves, including turtleback wolf, water wolf, night wolf etc, had reached two hundred thousand in numbers.


 "The wolf group has previously been spread around a radius of a hundred li, it can be a good method of deterrence. Moreover, the azure wolf group in the sky has already become the symbol of Wolf King, most Gu Masters would understand that Chang Shan Yin is hunting here when they see the wolves, thus they will choose to take a detour."


 If they did not detour, it meant that they had ill intentions.


 Once these Gu Masters were discovered by the wolves, they would be attacked by them.


 Of course, there were innocent people who entered by accident, but Fang Yuan could not care less about them, it is their bad luck if they get killed by wolves.


 Fang Yuan turned his gaze towards the sacred palace, although he was far away, he could see the dazzling aurora in the sky.


 The sacred palace was shining in bright light once again, it was a beautiful sight — and also the sign that Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was going to materialize the second floor.


 This had another meaning in Fang Yuan’s case.


 The towers sink and countless wild Gu are sacrificed in order to become the mystical power that forms the Immortal Gu house.


 This aurora was the accumulation of such power, and it had already reached the point of reaching a qualitative change.


 In order to open Di Qiu inheritance, Fang Yuan needed to borrow the strength of this mystical power, and cause it to flow backwards.


 "In order to get through the stages, Hei Lou Lan intentionally opened the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to the public, causing everyone to get excited and all Gu Masters to feel moved. Once the news spread, all the Gu Masters outside the sacred palace came and gathered here. Everyone’s attention is on the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building now, this is the perfect time for me to open the inheritance!"


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone as he smiled, without hesitation, he struck.


 "Go." He patted his belly, and thirty-six Gu worms flew out of his aperture.


 These Gu were of peculiar shapes. Their bodies were tiny and were half the size of a fingernail, they were like five-pointed stars, giving off a milky white light.


 These were rank one little light Gu, a very famous light path assistance type Gu.


 As Fang Yuan willed, these little light Gu flew into Di Qiu’s cave. At once, the darkness in the cave was lifted.


 Fang Yuan summoned another thirteen light fences Gu.


 This Gu was rank three, also from the light path. Once activated, they can turn into fences and restrain the target.


 The light fences Gu flew into the cave and mixed with the little light Gu, but there were no changes.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he waved his hand and three rank five light path Gu came out.


 These three Gu were lightning flash Gu that increased speed, unlimited spring light Gu that healed, as well as the attack type heaven blazing spark Gu.


 Lightning flash Gu gave off a blue light, it shone like lightning as it flew into the cave.


 The motionless Di Qiu finally had some changes.


 As if a mechanism was unlocked, the ground and soil around Di Qiu started to expand and connect.


 The blue lightning destroyed the little light Gu from before, and became a light-blue glow, having an extremely powerful aura.


 But at the same time, the light fences Gu connected with each other and formed light fences that kept the blue lightning in.


 The blue light was about to break out, but at this time unlimited spring light flew in and gave off an unlimited jade-green aurora, it was gentle as water, suppressing the blue light and forming a stalemate.


 Eventually, the blazing heaven spark Gu flew in and turned into a bright red light, it pierced the green aura and the blue light, going deeper into the cave.


 With some loud sounds, the cave entrance slowly closed. In the deep parts of the land, three lights were mixing together, engaging in a mysterious transformation that Fang Yuan could not describe.


 Fang Yuan saw this and his heart settled, he knew that he was right. This was the "light in the soil" part of the quote.


 Although he was eighty percent sure, he was worried about mistakes. After all, he only had the latter half of the inheritance’s clue, the first half was held in the hands of central continent Gu Immortals’ hands.


 But this latter half described the method to open this inheritance.


 Fang Yuan used his foundation as a refinement master, and together with Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s information, he forcefully interpreted this code and gained the chance to snatch the inheritance midway.


 About an hour later, the sounds from under the ground became softer.


 But the ground became hotter, even though Fang Yuan was wearing northern plains’ deer leather shoes, it could not isolate this heat.


 The hole in the ground slowly opened, as the light was gone, leaving pure darkness inside.


 Fang Yuan saw this and he became elated.


 After ’light in the soil’, it was ’shine up to a hundred thousand feet high’. If interpreted literally, it would be a huge mistake.


 This quote was a test, to test the refinement ability of the Gu Master.


 The quote was regarding refinement path, ’shine up to a hundred thousand feet high’ was not just a description of the scenery, it also described the steps for the refinement process!


 Fang Yuan was not flustered or worried, he threw two defensive rank five shine back spike Gu, three investigative type high observation Gu, one attack type ten thousand heart piercing arrow Gu, and nine assistance type nine feet flame Gu.


 Only to see that inside the cave, grey-yellow smoke was rumbling but did not ooze out. The sounds of chirping birds or flying arrows, shrieking sounds that pierced the air came from within the smoke.


 This scene lasted for seven minutes, until darkness returned again.


 The ground closed again, as the cave vanished.


 This time, Di Qiu no longer gave off heat, but instead cold air was seeping, causing Fang Yuan’s legs to turn stiff from the cold.


 Fang Yuan breathed out a sigh, turning his gaze towards the sacred palace.


 "If my guess is correct, the sacred palace is going to become chaotic now..."


 At this moment, in the sacred palace.


 At a side hall, the secret door concealed by trees opened.


 An elderly man with snow-white hair walked out with a middle aged Gu Master.


 "Old sir, please take care." First elder Hei Pei brought Tai Bai Yun Sheng out from the secret door and patted his chest: "Don’t worry, with me here, you are sure to have a guest token!"


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed: "Since elder Hei Pei is making a promise, I am sure it will succeed. Of course I am assured, you do not have to send me off, goodbye."


 "Goodbye." First elder Hei Pei placed his fist by his chest as he bowed, seeing Tai Bai Yun Sheng turn around the corner and vanishing from his vision under the concealment of the trees.


 "The allure of an Immortal Venerable inheritance is really huge, to think that even Tai Bai Yun Sheng came to bribe me." Hei Pei sighed.


 Ever since Hei Lou Lan opened up the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, elder Hei Pei who was in charge of this matter became extremely popular. Every day, all sorts of people came to visit him in secret, some used their relationships while others talked about and tried to obtain friendship, there were people who bribed him and people who tried to attract him sexually.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s visit was a shock to Hei Pei.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a huge reputation, he was the number one healer in northern plains, he saved countless people and was an extremely righteous man with great character, his influence was great.


 Hei Pei had not expected Tai Bai Yun Sheng to bribe him of all people.


 "In the end, Old Sir Tai Bai is still a mortal. There are only so many guest tokens, if it was me, I would not be able to resist it either." Hei Pei laughed, raising his head subconsciously towards the top of the sacred palace.


 There, an aurora of dazzling lights had condensed into a thick fog.


 Within the thick fog, the second layer of the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was already visible.


 "In no time, the second layer will materialize." Not far away, Tai Bai Yun Sheng raised his head and looked.


 The colorful aurora shone on his white hair and his wrinkled face.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was in a daze, an event deep within his memories resurfaced.


 That day, the sunset was bright like a fire, burning in the sky.


 This was the fourteen year old Tai Bai Yun Sheng, who had just met the old beggar who changed his life forever.


 "Young lad, you gave me a bowl of water, you saved this old beggar’s life. What do you want, say it, I will try my best to fulfill your wishes!" The old beggar had messy purple-red hair, he was slightly insane at times, while unconscious sometimes. But when he was awake, his gaze was deep as the ocean, he gave off a disposition that could be etched into a person’s memories.


 "I want to be a Gu Master!" The young Tai Bai Yun Sheng said.


 "What kind of Gu Master do you want to be? Hehehe, I have three complete inheritances! The first can allow you to bathe in flames and step on fire, surpassing mortals. The second can allow you to control wind and the air, roaming the world freely. The third can surpass life and death, allowing you to help the people in the world." The old beggar laughed and his rotten yellow teeth were exposed.


 The young Tai Bai Yun Sheng frowned and thought about it, before choosing the third inheritance...


 As he snapped out of his daze, returning from the trip to his memory lane, Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed bitterly, muttering: "In the end, I am a person that is afraid of dying."


 When he was young, he did not have such feelings, in fact, he became indifferent after witnessing many situations of death.


 When Tai Bai Yun Sheng got old, his healthy body slowly became weak and feeble, he started reminiscing about the times in his youth.


 Often, people’s thoughts changed with their circumstances.


 On Earth, one could not surpass the limits of life and death, they had no choice but to accept it. But here, as long as there was a trace of hope, they would struggle and fight!


 Only when he was faced with such a situation, when Tai Bai Yun Sheng became closer and closer to death did he become aware of this great terror!


 Because of this, he secretly observed and waited for several rounds, before clearly understanding the situation, deciding to participate in this Imperial Court contest and enter Imperial Court blessed land.


 "If I can obtain lifespan Gu from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, I would be able to increase my lifespan. Although lifespan Gu is hard to find, and even harder to buy or sell, I’m sure there are some inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. If in the end, I cannot obtain a lifespan Gu, I can only attempt to ascend to Gu Immortal realm." Tai Bai Yun Sheng evaluated in his heart.


 The inheritance the old beggar gave him was outstanding, it was an entire inheritance that allowed one to cultivate all the way to rank six Gu Immortal realm!


 The inheritance stated very clearly the method for a mortal to ascend to Gu Immortal realm.


 Thus, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was very clear of the risks he had to take to reach Gu Immortal realm.


 To advance to Gu Immortal realm, one needed to gather and fuse the elements of heaven, earth, and man. If either of the three aspects were insufficient, they would die and their soul would dissipate.


 If he was not desperate, Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not want to ascend to Gu Immortal realm. That was because even if he ascended to Gu Immortal realm, it could not raise his lifespan.


 But in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s inheritance, there was hope left for him.


 But this hope was very difficult to obtain, he needed to succeed in advancing to Gu Immortal realm for there to be a possibility.


 These years, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been searching for lifespan Gu, but lifespan Gu were created from heaven and earth, they could not be located easily and were hard to catch, Tai Bai Yun Sheng made no progress.


 "There should be lifespan Gu inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, I can definitely find lifespan Gu there!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s figure as he cheered for himself secretly.


 But the next moment, his pupils expanded as he saw an unbelievable scene!



***
Chapter 564: Heavenly Power backflow shocks the Sacred Palace


***





 Chapter 564: Heavenly Power backflow shocks the Sacred Palace


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The whole sacred palace fell into shock and fear.


 After a while, a large commotion suddenly rose up.


 "This... what the hell is going on?!"


 "What happened, why is the aurora shrinking?"


 A scene that had never occurred before was happening in everyone’s sights.


 The second floor that had been gradually condensing into form was slowly becoming fainter. Great amounts of the thick aurora were reducing and becoming lighter at a visible speed.


 "What happened?!" Hei Lou Lan’s brows furrowed into a knot as he grabbed elder Hei Pei’s collar with his thick arm and pulled towards him.


 His expression was twisted and his eyes opened with fury as he shouted: "Investigate it! I must know what the hell happened!"


 Hei Lou Lan possessed one of the ten extreme physiques - great strength true martial physique. Only by becoming an immortal, could he avoid the pressure of death.


 However, for ten extreme physiques to become immortal, they required the help of relevant Immortal Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan placed his hopes on Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to find the key to become immortal — a strength path Immortal Gu, so how could he let an accident happen to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building?


 Elder Hei Pei’s body shivered in fright, Hei Lou Lan asked him to investigate the details, but he was only a mortal, how could he investigate it? What could he investigate? In a sobbing tone, he answered: "This... this subordinate does not know, there were no instances of this happening in historical records..."


 "It is getting lighter, it is becoming even more light!" Someone shouted while pointing at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The aurora became smaller, and the thick light, dimmer.


 Many Gu Masters looked up in a daze, panic quickly spreading everywhere.


 "Is Eighty-Eight True Yang Building damaged?"


 "This is something our Immortal Venerable old ancestor personally arranged."


 "Could it be that Eighty-Eight True Yang Building also cannot compete against the flow of the river of time?"


 Some had pale expressions while even more covered their heads, their gaze filled with fear.


 "They are in chaos." From far away, Fang Yuan looked with an eerie gaze and a cold smile on his face.


 Even if he was far away, the panicked shouts in the sacred palace still reached his ears.


 The culprit behind this terror glanced at the sacred palace before looking down at Di Qiu cave below.


 His gaze shone with a strange light as he praised: "Amazing, truly amazing!"


 Fang Yuan had originally estimated that only ten percent at most would be absorbed, but he had never thought when he activated the mechanism, the backflow of the heavenly power would surpass his estimation!


 Based on just this, Fang Yuan could tell this Gu Immortal’s understanding of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was absolutely not beneath his.


 "Who is this mysterious Gu Immortal? What identity do they have? I had a fortuitous encounter, the advantage of rebirth and also the first hand information from Lang Ya land spirit. But how was he or she able to have such a deep understanding of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building?"


 Right now, the cave was filled to the brim with light, almost to the point of overflowing, but it was firmly restrained by the layer of black light at the entrance.


 The aurora surged freely; the intense light that was brewing inside was becoming more and more vigorous.


 Crack...


 Cracks started appearing on the first floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Hei Pei and the other elders went pale as they looked at this scene in a daze.


 As for the other Gu Masters at the lower floors of the sacred palace, many were already kneeling on the ground, kowtowing non-stop.


 Some shouted, some wept and some begged —


 "Don’t collapse, don’t collapse!"


 "Old ancestor, what mistake did we commit, why are you punishing us like this?"


 "We beg old ancestor to show mercy, please give another chance to us unfilial descendants!"


 All these voices entered Hei Lou Lan’s ears as he stared at the first floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building rigidly.


 The cracks were continuously spreading on the first floor.


 Even if Hei Lou Lan was a rank five Gu Master with an extreme physique, an existence at the peak of mortals, right now he was feeling bewilderment, helplessness, hesitation and weakness!


 "No, this can’t go on! I cannot allow this to happen!!" Hei Lou Lan shouted in fury, his expression malevolent and his gaze filled with hot fury.


 ’I have yet to avenge mother! My vengeance! My strength path Immortal Gu!’ He screamed in his heart.


 Rumble.


 A soft sound was heard, but the earth shook!


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s first floor, which was completely condensed, collapsed completely and turned back into the free aurora light.


 The light was like a flood that had broken the dam as it gushed out and spread rapidly; in just a few breaths of time, it enshrouded the whole sacred palace and dyed the horizons.


 Puff!


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze lost its focus as suffocation filled his stomach, he involuntarily spurted out stagnated blood that had flowed in reverse towards his throat.


 "No! I won’t allow this! Form back right now! Come back!" He opened up his palms and tried to grab the aurora.


 And as if it was responding to his effort, the aurora that were gushing out gradually reduced and the surrounding lights also started falling back.


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze flashed, a spark of hope had just ignited in him, but was completely gone the next moment.


 The aurora light might have gathered back together, but it did not condense back to the image of the first floor. The light continue to reduce as if a giant incorporeal beast was swallowing it.


 "No, don’t..." Far away, Tai Bai Yun Sheng mumbled, his expression becoming spiritless.


 "Do the heavens want my Hei tribe dead?" First elder Hei Pei clutched his hair.


 A problem occurred in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building in Hei tribe’s hands, this meant Hei tribe was completely finished. Other super forces and Huang Jin tribes would not let them go.


 "Heavens, what happened? Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is actually..." Ye Lui Sang grabbed his chest in fear. Near his heart resided the fire path Immortal Gu which was lent by Ye Lui tribe’s Supreme Elder Ye Lui Lai before the Imperial Court contest. Right now, this fire path Immortal Gu was trembling non-stop.


 Almost at the same time, Fang Yuan’s expression also had a slight change.


 In his aperture, Spring Autumn Cicada revealed its true body, trembling continuously and was emitting its Immortal Gu aura, causing his rank five aperture to creak from the pressure.


 "This is the resonance of the Great Dao in heaven and earth." Fang Yuan was well aware of this.


 Man was the spirit of all living beings, Gu was the essence of heaven and earth, a vessel of the Great Dao. If a mortal Gu was said to hold only a tiny fragment of the law of heaven and earth, then an Immortal Gu would hold a corner of the Great Dao, an intact piece of the rules of heaven and earth.


 Because of this, there could only be one Immortal Gu of its kind.


 Every time an Immortal Gu was born, other Immortal Gu in the surroundings would tremble and respond.


 The more closely related or conflicting the law inside Gu worms’ bodies are, the stronger the resonance between them, and the greater the extent they would tremble.


 "From the extent of Spring Autumn Cicada’s trembling, this Immortal Gu that is about to be born is not of the time path." Fang Yuan estimated, but his gaze was tightly looking at the cave without the least bit of negligence.


 Inside the cave, the aurora from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was continuously being absorbed before fading away as it nurtured the intense light within.


 This intense light was becoming more and more flourishing; the black membrane at the entrance was starting to show signs of not being able to restrain it.


 "That’ll do. If I don’t make a move now, the black membrane will burst and the aurora will shoot to the sky and expose me. It is still a small matter if Hei Lou Lan and the rest are the ones that discover me, but in case it awakens Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s hibernating will, then it will just take one thought from the Immortal Venerable’s will to turn me into ashes."


 Fang Yuan had endured the impulse to make a move several times before, and now the timing was fully ripe, he made his move, throwing in large numbers of Gu worms.


 Gu worms from rank one to rank five from all paths sprinkled down like rain.


 This situation looked disorderly and complex, but it actually had a special profoundness to it. The Gu worms were not only divided into separate groups, they even had particularly specific distances from each other, to the extent that some Gu worms fell slightly slower while some fell faster.


 This was a high grade technique of Gu refinement called the sprinkler. Gu Masters with natural talent and aptitude could master enslavement path and flying skills. But even the Gu Masters with higher natural talent required thousands of tries before they could display a decent use of the sprinkler technique.


 Fang Yuan’s attainment in this technique was beyond the level of just a decent performance, and was enough to make other refinement path masters exclaim in surprise.


 After the Gu worms sprinkled down, the aurora slowly changed color into that of blue water or the sky, before becoming still.


 In the blue light, countless white lights flew like birds and swam like fish. Specks of white light would occasionally gather into a heap and from time to time scatter like stars. Just glancing at this for a moment caused Fang Yuan to feel dizzy.


 He quickly moved his gaze towards the sacred palace.


 The clamors in the sacred palace had already decreased. After the aurora light enshrouding the sacred palace decreased by around half, the speed of its reduction slowed.


 Seeing that no one was paying attention here and the scattered wolf groups were also not sending any battle signals, Fang Yuan inwardly breathed a sigh of relief.


 "Everything is going smoothly, it should be the final step now." He was extremely cautious and did not even have the slightest intent of being conceited, instead he was even more vigilant.


 Whether it was the history of this world or on Earth, how many cases were there of people failing at the last hurdle?


 Moreover, this final step would create a huge commotion and was the step where a problem was most likely to appear.


 Fang Yuan slightly flicked his wrist and and a smelly fart Gu that he had been holding lightly flew into the cave.


 Immediately a peculiar fragrance spread out of the cave.


 The peculiar fragrance flew even without wind, soon spreading out.


 "Stopped, it has stopped!" After a while of shock and fear, the Gu Masters in the sacred palace became wild with joy.


 "Lord, the aurora has stopped reducing and has begun to slowly increase again!" A Hei tribe elder shouted excitedly, and was kicked by Hei Lou Lan.


 "I can see that!" Hei Lou Lan kicked the elder to the ground, his gaze was ruthless but the deep voice could not conceal his joy.


 However, his heart was extremely nervous.


 The reduction of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s aurora and even the collapse of the floor had never happened before.


 What had happened?


 Hei Lou Lan’s mind was filled with doubts.


 He did not know why there was a problem, it caused him to worry greatly. What made Hei Lou Lan even more helpless and indignant was that Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was the work of an Immortal Venerable —"even if I knew where the problem was, I probably would not be able to solve it with just my ability..."


 If he was to know that it was all caused by Fang Yuan single-handedly, then he would probably risk his life and tear off the seal placed on him by Immortal Gu Dark Limit, to pit his life against Fang Yuan.



***
Chapter 565: Everyone with their own intentions


***





 Chapter 565: Everyone with their own intentions


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s shocking change was a traumatic experience for everyone in the sacred palace, countless people were worried, scared and helpless.


 Fortunately, the situation stabilized not long after Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s first floor collapsed.


 The aurora no longer reduced and was instead beginning to increase again.


 Maybe because it was provoked, the speed of this aurora’s increase was somewhat faster than before.


 Several days later, the thick as water aurora condensed back to the first floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 After it had completely formed, Hei Lou Lan and the others immediately entered it anxiously. Their entry to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building proceeded smoothly.


 This made Hei Lou Lan greatly relieved and he gradually calmed down.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was extremely significant to him, he needed to become a Gu Immortal to avenge his mother. As the possessor of one of the ten extreme physiques, Great Strength True Martial physique, his only hope of becoming an immortal was to obtain a strength path Immortal Gu from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 This was depicted in <>.


 For humans to live, it was okay if they did not have strength or even wisdom, but they could not lose hope.


 Hei Lou Lan regained the hope of saving his life, his mood gradually turned better as he started to plan his next breakthrough of the hundred rounds.


 The first floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had formed anew, so the checkpoints had reset, making Hei Lou Lan’s previous efforts turn into smoke; he needed to overcome everything again.


 To Hei Pei and the other elders, this was a very good thing.


 "This is joy after extreme sorrow, going through the rounds again will allow us to get even more rewards!"


 "Maybe that was a small joke by old ancestor Immortal Venerable..."


 "Every floor in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building has a hundred rounds with the difficulty increasing sharply at the later rounds. Looking at history, there were very few Imperial Court winners who were able to cross through every round, we should not be optimistic in being able to overcome the final round. As long as we can put all our efforts in passing the earlier rounds, our tribe’s strength will rise greatly!"


 The elders were filled with joy, but this was bad news to Hei Lou Lan.


 There were only two ways for him to obtain a strength path Immortal Gu from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 First was to get a high grade evaluation and enter the treasure room, then use his bloodline identity to exchange for the Immortal Gu inside.


 Second was to pass the final round of every floor which could give him the chance to obtain an Immortal Gu.


 To Hei Lou Lan, the first method required him to bring out an equivalently valuable treasure to exchange, and thus was not practical. The only probability of success was in the second method.


 Passing through the last few rounds would be extremely difficult. The rounds were reset now; they would have to overcome these rounds again, which no doubt would waste his precious time.


 Time waits for no man, once their time was up, they would be sent out of Imperial Court blessed land. If he could not get a strength path Immortal Gu before this happens, Hei Lou Lan would not only be unable to take revenge, but would also have to welcome his death.


 For this reason, Hei Lou Lan stubbornly maintained his stance in spite of others’ wishes and started recruiting other tribes’ Gu Masters, completely opening up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Everyone could casually enter or exit Eighty-Eight True Yang Building free of charge. Other than Hei tribe elders, everyone in the sacred palace was celebrating in joy.


 "Hei Lou Lan has a grand demeanour, doing something that no other Lords of Imperial Court have done before. I, Ye Lui Sang, am in deep admiration!" Ye Lui Sang was the first to enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, his face covered in a joyful glow.


 He was the current tribe leader of Ye Lui tribe and had been a popular candidate to win the prior Imperial Court contest; the tribe’s Gu Immortals supported him greatly, not even stinting on lending a fire path Immortal Gu to him.


 But he lost in the end and to preserve the fire path Immortal Gu, he had no choice but to side with Hei Lou Lan.


 They finally won and succeeded in entering Imperial Court blessed land, but as one of the super forces, he felt that it was a disgrace to be a subordinate of Hei tribe. He was sure to be treated coldly, abandoned and even punished when he returned to the tribe.


 "If I can have good gains in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, then I can make up for the earlier mistakes and return grandly to the tribe!" Ye Lui Sang’s emotions surged.


 "Chang Shan Yin, don’t be proud of yourself. As long as you don’t become an immortal, I will have a chance. Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is my cornerstone to rise up!" Chang Biao had a cold look in his eyes. He was also among the first batch of experts to enter the tower.


 He was not moving alone and had a companion beside him.


 It was Sole Blade General Pan Ping.


 Previously at Xing Jiu mountain peak, Pan Ping’s opportunity had been openly seized by Fang Yuan, which created a lot of indignance in his heart.


 Chang Biao learned of this situation and intentionally approached Pan Ping; the two hit it off, becoming partners.


 "Go, go, become the vanguards to open my path, use your lives to broaden my way." Hei Lou Lan sneered inwardly, using his owner token while calmly looking at the grand flow of people entering the tower.


 After the flow of people had gradually become sparse, Tai Bai Yun Sheng ,with his simple and aged appearance, tall and sturdy physique, clothed in a white robe, he appeared at the top floor of the sacred palace.


 "Old Sir Tai Bai." Hei Lou Lan greeted him.


 "Lord tribe leader has astonishing mettle, this old man is overwhelmed." Tai Bai Yun Sheng exclaimed in admiration.


 He had an elegant demeanour and leisurely attitude. Since everyone could casually enter and exit now, they were not restricted by the quota. He also did not anxiously enter the tower immediately since the rounds which might give lifespan Gu as the reward would definitely be the later rounds.


 The two exchanged a few words before Tai Bai Yun Sheng entered the tower.


 "There is strength in numbers." Hei Lou Lan was feeling overwhelmed in his mind.


 From the information sent by the owner token; in just a short period of time, because of the enormous quantity of Gu Masters, they had successively gotten through the first thirty rounds.


 However, at the fortieth round and above, just numbers would not work, they required specific Gu Master experts to cross those rounds.


 Pan Ping, Chang Biao, Ye Lui Sang and Tai Bai Yun Sheng made their moves one after another, and were able to push to the fifty-third round. But here, their momentum came to a stop, they encountered a problem; they needed an enslavement path master to pass this round.


 "Looks like we must have Wolf King to pass this round." Tai Bai Yun Sheng muttered while stroking his snow-white beard.


 In this Imperial Court contest, Fang Yuan’s performance left behind an extremely deep impression on everyone. The glorious title of the number one enslavement path Gu Master of this generation in northern plains was already given to him.


 Thus, as they encountered this problem, everyone’s first thought was Fang Yuan.


 "Strange, why don’t I see Chang Shan Yin?" Ye Lui Sang looked around him, but could not find Chang Shan Yin.


 "Wolf King has been taking his wolves out for hunting these few days." Soon, someone replied.


 "Chang Shan Yin is indeed an extraordinary person, we can casually enter and exit Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, but his heart is actually not moved!" Sighs and admiration could be heard among the group.


 Pan Ping snorted, speaking in a gloomy tone: "Everyone, please don’t forget that our Lord Wolf King has already entered the tower before. According to a reliable source, he passed with high grade evaluation. After he exited the tower, he immediately went to closed-door cultivation and even refused many invitations from tribe leader Hei Lou Lan."


 The crowd here knew of the conflict between him and Fang Yuan, and as no one wished to offend this uprising Sole Blade General, the praises and admiration towards Fang Yuan immediately stopped.


 Everyone sank into a momentary silence.


 Many Gu Master experts also had a slight change in expressions as they showed a somewhat unexpected look on their face.


 Pan Ping had a sinister motive in mentioning Fang Yuan had obtained a huge benefit before, leaving it to everyone’s ample imagination as to what reward it was, and with this, succeeded in inciting jealousy in their hearts.


 If it was before when these people did not have any experience of the enormous benefits provided by Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it would have been slightly better. But now that they had experienced it as they passed the rounds, the fire of envy was lit up in the depths of their hearts!


 At this moment, a young Gu Master’s voice broke the silence: "Since Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is opened for everyone, everyone can obtain benefits. Lord father being able to obtain the benefits was due to his own ability!"


 The crowd’s gazes quickly moved towards the source and discovered it was none other than Chang Shan Yin’s own son — Chang Ji You.


 Immediately, Pan Ping’s expression turned sharp as he viciously gazed at Chang Ji You.


 Although Chang Ji You was somewhat weaker than Pan Ping, his heart was filled with reverence towards his father, so he did not back down and instead returned Pan Ping’s gaze with his own furious gaze.


 Killing intent surged in Pan Ping’s mind, but he did not dare to make a move. He was unexpected put on the spot by Chang Ji You, a junior!


 The person with the most complicated feelings right now was Chang Biao.


 He was Chang Ji You’s own blood father, but right now, he had to look on at his own son defending his greatest enemy.


 Grievance and hatred were surging up non-stop in his heart!


 "Cough cough." Tai Bai Yun Sheng stood up to alleviate the tension, "Everyone, let’s concentrate on this round."


 "At this point, we can only request Lord Wolf King’s assistance."


 "Among us, Old Sir Tai Bai has the highest reputation; as long as you personally send a letter, Wolf King will definitely accept the request."


 The Gu Masters spoke one after another, but Chang Biao and Pan Ping glanced at each other, their hearts filled with worry.


 If Wolf King comes, he was sure to pass this round.


 But with this, not speaking of the rewards he would get from passing the round, his prestige would increase even more. This was a situation these two were not willing to see.


 Pan Ping wanted to speak up but hesitated.


 He had the mind to prevent this, but it was not easy getting a chance to interrupt Tai Bai Yun Sheng and make him back down. If Chang Ji You again interrupted here, his face might be lost completely!


 Chang Biao was secretly observing Pan Ping’s expression and saw Pan Ping opening his mouth several times but did not manage to speak in the end. He inwardly cursed Pan Ping for being a coward, then looked around and signalled a planted agent among the crowd.


 This planted agent immediately comprehended the signal and shouted out: "In my opinion, Lord Wolf King is occupied with important matters, it probably won’t be easy to invite him. Why don’t we request Lord Tang Miao Ming instead? Her enslavement path attainment is already very close to master realm."


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s thoughts could not help being shaken.


 He did not have much interaction with Fang Yuan, but he knew deeply of the latter’s ’arrogance’. Instead of taking the risk of facing embarrassment from being refused, it might truly be better to let Tang Miao Ming try first.


 Flap flap flap....


 Groups after groups of blissful snow bats flew from all around like rivers converging into the sea, as they flew towards Di Qiu cave.


 The peculiar fragrance had spread for a hundred li.


 It was this rich fragrance that had attracted the blissful snow bat groups.


 At this stage, the Gu refinement was already approaching the end.


 "This is using the lives of beasts as sacrifices, it is a wonderful method that is similar to the workings of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. It is just that in case of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the small towers sacrifice the wild Gu to combine their strength."


 As he personally put it into practice, Fang Yuan gained an even more profound understanding of this Gu refinement.


 The peculiar fragrance gradually dissipated, and without its temptation, the small number of remaining blissful snow bats flew away in disorder.


 "It is about to finish!" Fang Yuan’s breathing turned rough and his gaze staring at the cave fixatedly, unable to conceal his excited expression.



***
Chapter 566: Water Pavilion, Resolving the Mystery


***





 Chapter 566: Water Pavilion, Resolving the Mystery


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 By this point, Fang Yuan was overwhelmed with awe.


 This mysterious Gu Immortal who created Di Qiu inheritance was definitely a grandmaster in terms of refinement attainment. The entire process was using Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s heavenly power, it was innovative and daring.


 Although Fang Yuan was the executor, his role was really that of an assistant.


 Refining Gu was hard, refining an Immortal Gu was even harder, it was harder than ascending to heaven!


 For a comparable example, a rock has been pushed onto the peak of a cliff by a mysterious Gu Immortal. Fang Yuan is only giving it a final push, easily sending this rock flying towards the ground and crashing, that would be success.


 Swish swish swish...


 The cave had already formed into a black water spiral. The spiral continued to spin, letting out a weird noise.


 Soon after, the tower’s tip appeared, followed by its body and base. From within the spiral, a brand new small tower appeared with seemingly countless Gu worms inside.


 "Incredible! With the appearance of this tower, the final loophole is gone. Even if someone comes here due to the commotion, they would not find anything." Fang Yuan praised as he sighed.


 But...


 Although the tower was formed, why has the Immortal Gu not appeared yet?


 Fang Yuan’s gaze focused, he found that in the small tower, there was a strong light that flickered. There was a weak feeling of connection with it in his heart.


 He instantly understood that this was the early stage of the Immortal Gu.


 He was about to use this connection to lure the Immortal Gu out.


 When suddenly, this strong light escaped like an intangible shadow, towards the southeast direction.


 "What happened?" Fang Yuan was shocked in his heart. By now, the four steps of "light in the soil, shine up to a hundred thousand feet high, swimming in the sky for a hundred li, praising plum fragrant snow" had been completed, Fang Yuan did not know what was going on with this sudden change.


 "Hei Lou Lan opened up the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building after it formed once more, it was truly a huge move. According to logic, I should be heading to the building to challenge it, that is what a normal person would do..."


 The early stage Immortal Gu had flown to a far away place, as Fang Yuan looked at the sacred palace hesitantly.


 Although he was outside, he had already made preparations. Be it Chang tribe or Ge tribe, they were sending him real-time information.


 The longer Fang Yuan was away from the sacred palace, the more suspicion he would attract. If they were stuck at a stage and needed the Wolf King’s power, some people might come to find him and...


 It took time for information to be transmitted.


 Fang Yuan had no idea that his enemy Chang Biao helped him indirectly.


 At this moment, Tang Miao Ming took great risks and was able to successfully pass the round, causing a huge wave of cheering inside the building.


 The Immortal Gu was still the most important matter, Fang Yuan only hesitated for a moment before making up his mind, spreading his wings and chasing after the strong light.


 This strong light was like a cocoon, it travelled along the ground at an absurd speed. Because of the trees and bushes shielding it from sight, no one took notice of it.


 Fang Yuan chased it in the air, trying to hide his traces as he abandoned the wolves behind, travelling stealthily.


 As time passed, this strong light became dimmer, but its speed rose.


 Although he was rank five peak stage, his speed was not at the peak of the mortal realm, it was very tough chasing the Gu, but he did not lose sight of it.


 In the end, it was because this early stage Immortal Gu was not created solely by Fang Yuan.


 Different from when he refined divine travel Gu, Fang Yuan was only an assistant this time, it was all due to the backflow of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s heavenly power. He was a mortal, it was already a huge achievement from much effort to be able to gain a connection to the Immortal Gu.


 The strong light entered a valley and flew into a waterfall, vanishing.


 But using the connection, Fang Yuan could sense that the early stage Immortal Gu was still.


 Fang Yuan penetrated the waterfall but collided on the smooth and wet mountain rock. At once, rocks crumbled as water splashed all over the place.


 "Weird!"


 Fang Yuan was confused, the connection in his heart told him that the strong light was inside this water, but he diverted the water flow and even destroyed this waterfall, and yet he could not find a trace of this Immortal Gu.


 "Was my effort in vain? No, there is a huge trick here!"


 He flew up and observed the terrain.


 This small waterfall had already become a pool, it was extremely ordinary. The valley was nameless, it was not a unique location.


 Fang Yuan placed his sights on this pool.


 The connection in his heart told him that the early stage Immortal Gu was inside, but even if he went through the waterfall, or controlled the water flow, he could not find it.


 At this time, the Gu master’s investigative Gu worms would be tested.


 Fang Yuan was obviously unresigned, he tried many investigative methods. Although he did not excel in investigation, he controlled Hu Immortal blessed land and had access to treasure yellow heaven, he did not lack rank five mortal Gu.


 Only when he tried the fifty-seventh method, after a considerable expense in immortal essence stones did he have a discovery.


 Only to see that in the pool, there was the silhouette of a pavilion, it looked like the reflection of the moon in the water.


 He entered the water, but did not enter the pavilion.


 After trying for several times without success, Fang Yuan gasped, he finally recognised this pavilion after a flash of inspiration struck him.


 "Is this the long lost Immortal Gu house — Water Pavilion?"


 Immortal Gu were unique, so were Immortal Gu houses.


 This Water Pavilion was inferior to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it was only rank seven. But it had a great reputation, it was the signature method of the Gu Immortal Shui Ni.


 Shui Ni was a rank eight Gu Immortal, the legend that created the water path. She was also the creator of one of the top ten sects in central continent, Spirit Affinity House.


 In contrast to the grandness of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Water Pavilion could hide itself in the water, becoming like an illusion, it was very mystical. It could move with currents or hide inside mist and fog, flying in the sky. It could even hide in a corner of an iceberg, becoming undetectable.


 Without the token to enter the pavilion, Water Pavilion could even repel rank eight Gu Immortals.


 But right now, this pavilion was ownerless, its doors were open. Fang Yuan was kept in the dark earlier, but now that he found out the truth, he had the method to enter.


 "To enter Water Pavilion, I have to become water. There is a killer move called water spirit transformation, together with a few Gu, I can turn into a water spirit, my battle strength would surge and I would have terrain advantage."


 Fang Yuan searched through his memories and found a method.


 But in the end, Hu Immortal land spirit bought a rank five current charge Gu for him in treasure yellow heaven.


 This Gu could allow a Gu Master to turn into a water current temporarily and charge for a distance. But it was already outdated in the Gu world, that was because when the Gu Master transforms into a current, he might suffer heavy injuries or even die when hit by a fire path Gu worm.


 But Fang Yuan was not using this Gu to battle, it was to enter Water Pavilion, it was more convenient than using the killer move to transform into a water spirit.


 With a ’swoosh’, Fang Yuan turned into a current and rushed towards Water Pavilion.


 The pavilion was neither big nor small, it had three layers. It had a rustic flare to it, as the materials used were very ancient, having furniture and drawings.


 Once Fang Yuan entered, he kept the current charge Gu and went to the third floor, pushing open a door to find the early stage Immortal Gu.


 Only to see that this early stage Immortal Gu was like a thumb-sized cocoon. It was inside a large red bowl at the moment.


 This bowl was larger than a water tank, the edges were uneven, looking like a shark’s teeth.


 Inside, there was some blue liquid that was oozing with coldness.


 "So that’s it."


 Fang Yuan realized at once.


 Although the four steps allowed the refinement of the early stage of the Immortal Gu, the Gu was still not complete.


 It needed to further nurture and grow.


 The mysterious Gu Immortal placed the Water Pavilion here in order to give the early stage Immortal Gu a good place to nurture itself.


 There were some words on the large red bowl.


 Fang Yuan looked at them and even with his knowledge, he could only decipher a portion of them.


 "These are inkman characters, legend says that the splashes of literature water on Book Mountain in Qian Kun Crystal Wall created the first written characters in this world!"


 These characters had been lost long ago. Even inkmen barely knew them after being chased out of Book Mountain.


 "The Gu Immortals in treasure yellow heaven must have some research materials regarding the inkman language. After all, many Gu Immortals are interested in Book Mountain, they have been searching for the grey-white stone slab in order to recreate Qian Kun Crystal Wall."


 Fang Yuan had a thought and immediately contacted little Hu Immortal.


 The value of Hu Immortal blessed land was displayed again, it allowed a mortal like Fang Yuan to use the precious resource of mobilizing Gu Immortals.


 The price was hefty, but after exchanging for some information regarding inkman language, Fang Yuan deciphered the words on this bowl on the spot.


 The result made Fang Yuan become shocked and excited: "So this inheritance was created by Mo Yao!"


 This Mo Yao was a brilliant person, the thirty-sixth generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House. She had a special identity, she was an inkman.


 But eventually, she broke the limits of her race, and became a rank seven Gu Immortal.


 She made tremendous contributions to the righteous path, and used her love to reform a huge demonic character ten thousand years ago, Sword Demon Bo Qing.


 Bo Qing was a lone cultivator, he had a lowly start but his talent was superb, he created sword path Gu worms singlehandedly, and roamed the five regions without any obstruction or anyone that could match him.


 He was among the most brilliant rank eight peak stage experts in history. He had great battle strength that shook the heavens, his sword path Gu worms were innovative and special, they had great strength. He was known as ’the pseudo-Immortal Venerable who split the five regions with his sword, it was fortunate for the people in the world that love changed him’.


 It meant that: This person had great battle strength, only inferior to the Immortal and Demon Venerables of each era. Thankfully, because of love, he changed from demonic to righteous, it was truly a fortunate thing for all life in this world!


 Back then, Bo Qing was even a hot favorite for the person to advance to rank nine.


 But eventually, he failed when trying to get to rank nine and turned into ashes. As his wife, Mo Yao resisted with her life, and eventually died with him.


 "In history, Mo Yao was a true refinement grandmaster. No wonder... back then when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable recruited concubines, the ten central continent sects provided beautiful female Gu Masters. Among them, Spirit Affinity House sent numerous female Gu Immortals into the palaces, as an offering to the Immortal Venerable. Between the concubines that gained Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s favor, a few were from Spirit Affinity House.


 As an insider, it was no wonder that her understanding of the sacred palace and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building greatly surpassed ordinary people.


 Mo Yao was the thirty-sixth generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House, she was naturally nurtured fully by Spirit Affinity House, it was easy for her to investigate the hidden secrets about Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The origin of the Water Pavilion here could be explained as such.


 In the inkman words, this Immortal Gu’s information was written —


 Calamity beckoning Gu!



***
Chapter 567: The comprehension of life since long ago (Double Chapter)


***





 Chapter 567: The comprehension of life since long ago (Double Chapter)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The corners of Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a smile as he read the ink text on the sides of the bowl.


 This calamity beckoning Gu was a rank seven Immortal Gu, a rank higher than Fang Yuan’s Spring Autumn Cicada. Its ability was extremely strange, actually involving the matter of earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations.


 The middle section of the ink text explained its ability in detail. When a Gu Immortal goes through calamity and invokes disaster, calamity beckoning Gu could detach the earthly calamity and heavenly tribulation from the original target, and draw them to oneself.


 Fang Yuan’s expression could not help but become strange.


 Such an Immortal Gu, who would dare to use it?


 What terrifying and destructive strength did earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations have, how terrifying was its heavenly power? Instead of spending one’s days to their heart’s content, using calamity beckoning Gu to attract these earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations, wasn’t this seeking one’s own doom?


 Gu Immortal Mo Yao was the thirty-sixth generation fairy of the grand Spirit Affinity House, why would she refine an Immortal Gu like this?


 The last section of the ink text provided the reason.


 It turned out she was really courting death!


 Back then when she and Bo Qing were deeply in love, they were a famous couple of the righteous path and a romantic tale of their story spread throughout the five regions.


 Sword Immortal Bo Qing had outstanding talent with no opponents that matched him in the whole world; he was well known as ’the pseudo-Immortal Venerable who split the five regions with his sword, it was fortunate for the people in the world that love changed him’.


 Even in the whole wide world, looking at his entire life, the only thing in front of him was the one supreme goal of breaking through to rank nine.


 However, challenging the rank nine barrier was extremely dangerous, even the grand Sword Immortal had a feeling that he was walking on thin ice and only had a fifteen percent chance of success at most.


 Bo Qing’s ambition was lofty, vowing to reach the apex that was rank nine. Mo Yao persuaded him in vain, and as such, she could only tearfully make preparations to assist him.


 Bo Qing set up his inheritances and arranged for future events. His first attempt of breaking through failed; he was left in a state of heavy injuries for seventy years, bedridden the whole time without being able to even budge, his everyday life was all taken care of by Mo Yao.


 After his injuries got better, Bo Qing once again desired to break through to rank nine.


 Mo Yao knew the difficulty level of this, especially during the final trial of breaking through to rank nine when limitless earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations would descend. Bo Qing might have terrifying battle strength but he lacked the sustainability to endure through the trial.


 To help her husband, she secretly betrayed her sect and started to make plans towards Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was the famous setup created by an Immortal Venerable and the skillful Long Hair Ancestor, the number one Immortal Gu house in the world. Mo Yao had already started her research on it a long time ago and had gained much insight from it which helped her to deepen her grandmaster refinement path attainment.


 She might be a variant human and did not have Giant Sun’s bloodline, but Spirit Affinity House had provided many outstanding girls to Giant Sun to become his concubines during his time. Among them, several female Gu Immortals had gained Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s favor.


 Thus, Spirit Affinity House was able to obtain many secrets of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable which included detailed information on Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Mo Yao was able to learn of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s secret from these resources.


 Imperial Court blessed land was situated at the exact center of northern plains, the space inside was as vast as a world and the time was separated into day and night as well, the good fortune in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was extremely deep. Thus, at every set interval of time, it would attract extremely powerful earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable considered this point and placed a ’divert disaster Gu’ when setting up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building which was an important cornerstone of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 This Gu was a rank seven Immortal Gu and was one of the essence of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path; it could divert the earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations in Imperial Court blessed land to the outside world. Because of this, the earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations formed into the ten year blizzard disaster that spread over the entire northern plains.


 Conversely, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used this ten year blizzard disaster to set up a rule which formed into the tradition of the Imperial Court contest.


 Mo Yao discovered a loophole that was not strictly a loophole in this point.


 Originally, Imperial Court blessed land co-existed with Eighty-Eight True Yang Building in symbiosis, and as such, every ten years, there would be vast and powerful earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations. At this time, Imperial Court blessed land would open up a small crack in accordance to divert disaster Gu, to send out the earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations.


 Imperial Court blessed land was set by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to only allow mortals to enter or exit and did not allow the entry of Gu Immortals. But at the time when it had to divert disaster, there would be a hidden crack in Imperial Court blessed land from which the calamities and tribulations would rush out like a flood, and at this time the setup that prevents Gu Immortals from entering would be ineffective.


 Mo Yao used this small crack and risked her very life in going against the calamities and tribulations to enter Imperial Court blessed land.


 She spent close to ten years investigating inside the blessed land and after suffering countless hardships, she was able to find the crucial node through her grandmaster refinement path attainment -—it was the small tower at Di Qiu area.


 Next, she risked the danger of awakening Giant Sun’s will and destroyed this small tower, using the backward flow of the heavenly power to sense divert disaster Gu and create a cave that would foster ’calamity beckoning Gu’.


 After she succeeded in refining the early stage of the Immortal Gu, she set up the Immortal Gu house Water Pavilion in this nameless valley.


 Inside the pavilion, Mo Yao completely nurtured the early stage Immortal Gu to its completed form and brought the calamity beckoning Gu outside secretly using the chance when the blessed land was diverting disaster.


 She did not destroy all these arrangements just in case of any accidents. If Bo Qing failed in his breakthrough again and calamity beckoning Gu was also destroyed in earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations, then she would have to enter the blessed land again to refine calamity beckoning Gu.


 However, she never returned after this.


 Sword Immortal Bo Qing’s second attempt at breaking through to rank nine failed completely and he was turned into ashes by the vast heavenly tribulations. As for Mo Yao, she perished alongside him.


 "So it was like that. Breaking through to rank nine involves numerous difficulties and dangers. Mo Yao set up this inheritance secretly beforehand but did not explain the true content of the inheritance; it was because this action was betraying the sect. But she still left the preceding clues for the sect in the end. In my previous life, central continent’s Gu Immortals schemed against Imperial Court blessed land and destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building by using the clues she had left behind." As Fang Yuan recalled now, he immediately had a feeling of the fog dispersing in his mind and everything had gotten an explanation.


 There was a poem left at the ending of the ink text —


 The long immortal path is filled with obstacles; encounters occur at faraway places.


 Too long has passed, emotions and hatred have already lasted for a long time.


 My lord thinks about the apex of immortality, while I think of his safety.


 Life and death are separated, I will support my lord’s dreams.


 This was clearly Mo Yao’s work.


 The path of a Gu Immortal is long and filled with difficulties, however I was fortunate enough to meet with my lord.


 Unknowingly, emotions and hatred tangled, and I was unable to free myself.


 Lord’s sight was focused on the limit of the immortal path, while my gaze was on my lord himself.


 The attempt of breaking through to rank nine was a near death situation. I was not willing to be separated with him by life and death, so all I could do was to help my lord realize his dream in my own way!


 To protect her love, to help Bo Qing walk to the peak of a Gu Immortal, Mo Yao was willing to sacrifice herself, using calamity beckoning Gu to draw the earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations to herself.


 "A strange woman..." Fang Yuan sighed.


 Although he would absolute not make such a sacrifice because of love, it did not hinder Fang Yuan from understanding such a person.


 It was to the extent where his understanding of this was deeper than others.


 Humans that live in this world had desires, they had their goals and meanings in life.


 Mo Yao’s goal was her lover. Fang Yuan’s goal was to chase eternal life.


 The different desires, different goals and different meanings forged all kinds of lives in this huge world to create heroes that had their own independent character.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze fell towards the center of the giant vermillion bowl.


 The cocoon had already burst open and calamity beckoning Gu had already completely formed. Its shape was like a silkworm cocoon with a grey body and the size of a little finger. It was currently moving up and down in the water.


 Calamity beckoning Gu was a genuine self sacrifice Gu and was used to abandon oneself for others.


 This Gu seemed to have no use to Fang Yuan, but in fact still had an enormous value.


 First of all, it was an Immortal Gu. Even if he did not use it, he could exchange it for an enormous amount of immortal essence stones in treasure yellow heaven.


 Secondly, it was a luck path Gu that was able to attract earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations. Calamities and tribulations were powerful, but as long as one was strong and tough enough, then they could use it in a unique way to harm others.


 Finally, it was formed by borrowing the strength of one of the cornerstones of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building — Divert Disaster Gu. It and divert disaster Gu could be said to be two sides of the same coin; one attracted calamities while the other diverted disaster. This connection would provide huge assistance to Fang Yuan’s plans in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 However, even though there was a connection to it in his heart, there was a condition before Fang Yuan could completely subdue this Gu.


 Mo Yao had mentioned it in detail in the ink text on the side of the bowl.


 There was a necessary condition to subdue calamity beckoning Gu. It did not matter whether it was a mortal or immortal, but they had to have the heart of self sacrifice.


 If they did not have the heart to sacrifice themselves and forcibly tried to subdue calamity beckoning Gu, in the best case, it would lead to a backlash from the Immortal Gu; and in the most serious case, the Immortal Gu would self-destruct and cause harm to the Gu Master’s life.


 In the Water Pavilion, Fang Yuan stood in front of the giant bowl, with no expression on his face.


 Heart of self sacrifice, did he have it?


 ...


 "Cough cough cough." Tang Miao Ming covered her lips with a handkerchief, her beautiful brows furrowing deeply in pain.


 "Big sister!" Tang tribe’s third young master Tang Fang called out from the side with a lamenting expression.


 Tang Miao Ming was lying back in bed; she waved her hand to indicate Tang Fang to not worry.


 Tang Fang heaved a deep sigh as he looked at the blood on the handkerchief: "Big sister, why did you risk your life? What good is there in passing this round? Father and the others have already passed away, you are my only relative left, what would I do if anything happened to you?"


 Tang Miao Ming lightly caressed Tang Fang’s hair: "Third brother, you are our Tang tribe’s tribe leader, you should not be lacking in ambition. Our Tang tribe had suffered heavily in this Imperial Court contest and was almost swallowed by other tribes. Now is a very rare opportunity, we need to use Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to make our tribe prosper again."


 Tang Fang pouted in a nonchalant manner: "But big sister, you suffered heavy injuries by trying to force your way through the round, the gains do not make up for the losses. I have been very distressed because of this and had no mood to manage the tribe’s affairs these days."


 "What?" Tang Miao Ming’s expression turned solemn and she stared at Tang Fang sharply.


 Without any hesitation, she reprimanded him: "Tribe leader Tang Fang, you have a heavy responsibility upon you, how could you still have the sentiments of a child? Reviving the tribe is your duty, it is the meaning of being the leader of a tribe. From now on, I do not want to hear you complain like this ever again, do you understand?"


 "Big... big sister, I was wrong." Tang Fang immediately stood up from the edge of the bed and lowered his head to admit his mistake with an ashamed expression. His big sister was the one who loved him the most since young.


 Tang Miao Ming’s gaze gradually softened, sighing faintly: "Third brother, I know your nature, you like travelling and want to be free from this duty, to live a life without any restraints. But you are the last man in our family, you should be brave enough to assume this responsibility. From now on, the meaning of your life will be to revitalize the tribe, do you understand?"


 "Big sister is right, I understand. Don’t get angry big sister, you are still injured."


 Tang Miao Ming said in a solemn tone: "After returning, copy the first section of chapter three of <> ten times."


 Tang Fang’s heart was immediately filled with warmth.


 Since young, his big sister’s punishment to him was to make him copy books.


 "Big sister, take a good rest, I will go copy it now."


 <>, chapter three, first section —


 Ren Zu’s second daughter Desolate Ancient Moon climbed Cheng Bai mountain and searched for success Gu to rescue her father from the door of life and death.


 But at the final juncture, she failed and lost her sense of self, becoming an ugly and powerful monster.


 Without his daughter to rescue him, and his eldest son Verdant Great Sun still addicted and dejected, Ren Zu was trapped in Luo Po valley, unable to return to life.


 Luo Po valley was like a giant maze, its paths twisted and turned. Occasionally, boundless bewilderment fog would spread and cause the soul to slacken; and occasionally, Luo Po wind that was as sharp as a knife would blow and cut down souls.


 Ren Zu had a spiritual body now and was unable to find the way out of the bewilderment fog. His soul was cut down by Luo Po wind, becoming weaker and weaker, and the situation turned even more dangerous.


 The soul fragments cut down by Luo Po wind started to converge gradually and turned into a youth.


 Like this, Ren Zu’s third son was born.


 He was Northern Dark Ice Soul.


 "My son, thank you for your company. I do not have much time left, having you to accompany me in my final days, father did not have to feel lonely." Ren Zu sighed with deep emotions.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul had a cold appearance but was warm-hearted, and although he did not speak much, he was very filial to Ren Zu. And as he looked at Ren Zu growing weaker and weaker every day, his mood also became heavier.


 He decided to rescue Ren Zu.


 Ren Zu sensed his determination, and felt both happiness and heartache: "Don’t be worried my son, I know of your filial heart, I now understand that life and death cannot be forced. Humans will die in the end, this is our fate."


 Northern Dark Ice Soul said in a sobbing tone: "Father, I know your words are right. I also know my efforts might be in vain. But looking at you growing weaker like this, if I do not make an effort, my heart will feel even more pain. Let me do something for you."


 Ren Zu sighed and could only let him go.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul wandered in the vast Luo Po valley; he was born here, as such, Luo Po wind could not cut down his soul and the bewilderment fog could not obstruct his vision.


 He searched bitterly but could not find the exit.


 Right as he was becoming more desperate, he came across a Gu worm.


 "Well, well, to think I would be discovered by you." This Gu was like a ladybug with a chubby spherical body, but it was extremely agile and was flashing around Northern Dark Ice Soul’s body.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul’s eyes brightened as he asked in curiosity: "What Gu are you?"


 "I am known as unexpected." This Gu worm replied.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul’s gaze dimmed down: "So you are unexpected Gu, it is a pity you are not success Gu."


 Unexpected Gu sneered: "Young man, do not look down on me. I have a love-hate relation with success Gu. The strength of unexpectedness is very powerful. Do you know what your encounter with me here represents?"


 "What?"


 Unexpected Gu shook its chubby body and said proudly: "What kind of place is this? This is Luo Po valley, a death realm. You being here means you are already dead. But by encountering me, you have come across an unexpected event in ’death’ - that is ’life’. Grab me, I will take you out to the human world and you can be resurrected again."


 "Really?" Northern Dark Ice Soul was exulted, "Can I bring my father along?"


 Unexpected Gu shook its head: "It is you who encountered me, not your father, so I can only take you."


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was extremely disappointed, refusing: "Since I cannot take my father with me, then I will not go. I will accompany my father till his final moment."


 Unexpected Gu laughed loudly and spoke in a domineering tone: "Unexpectedness in life is beyond your control. Young man, you must come with me!"


 The moment it finished speaking, unexpected Gu forcibly took Northern Dark Ice Soul and instantly left life and death door, arriving in the human world.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul obtained flesh body and was feeling extremely bewildered facing this vast world alone.


 Unexpected Gu disappeared. He suddenly remembered Ren Zu once saying he had an elder sister who was called Desolate Ancient Moon.


 At this moment, cognition Gu took the initiative to find him: "Young man, do not be suspicious, cognition has always been the friend of humans, I am here to help you."


 Cognition Gu told Northern Dark Ice Soul about Cheng Bai mountain and also the events detailing Desolate Ancient Moon.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul decided to first see his elder sister.


 When he saw Desolate Ancient Moon, his tears fell in sadness.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul tried to converse with Desolate Ancient Moon, but Desolate Ancient Moon who had turned into a monster kept on repeating questions.


 "Where is this?"


 Northern Dark Ice Soul thought for a while and answered: "This is the human world, living beings can move about here. Above us is the heavens and below our feet is earth."


 "Who am I?" Desolate Ancient Moon asked again.


 "You are a human, Ren Zu’s second child, your name is Desolate Ancient Moon. You are my elder sister." Northern Dark Ice Soul replied.


 "Elder sister, wake up quickly. Our father is trapped in Luo Po valley, dying, we need to resurrect him soon."


 "Ren Zu? Desolate Ancient Moon? Resurrect?" The monster shook its head, extremely puzzled, "Why should I resurrect him? Could it be that humans should not die? What disadvantage is there in death? Why do humans live? Why do I live?"


 This time, Northern Dark Ice Soul was not able to answer.


 Why do people live?


 As Northern Dark Ice Soul pondered over this question, bewilderment Gu quietly approached him, making him lose his sense of the surroundings.


 Subsequently, love Gu and disguise Gu also approached him.


 Cognition Gu felt a big headache when it saw them. These several Gu were famous for their mischief and would often move together, even cognition Gu did not want to provoke them.


 "Love, have you not harmed enough people? Why are you not letting them go?" Cognition Gu sighed.


 "Don’t try to speak reason with me, I am completely unreasonable." Love Gu said in a unruly tone, "Get lost, cognition, I do not like you."


 Cognition Gu could only leave helplessly.


 "Another human came again? Haha!" Love Gu was extremely happy when it saw Northern Dark Ice Soul, because it had another target to play with.


 It and disguise Gu were sworn brothers, and on the spot, it used disguise Gu’s power to disguise as cognition Gu.


 "Young man, your elder sister has lost herself. If you want to save her, you need to find meaning Gu."


 Northern Dark Ice Soul regained his senses and asked love Gu without doubting: "I have seen unexpected Gu, please tell me where this meaning Gu is? How should I look for it?"


 Love Gu deceived him in a serious tone: "Oh human, you should know, there is a meaning to why you are all living in this world. As long as you find meaning Gu, your elder sister can awaken. Follow the direction I point towards and keep moving forward, you will eventually find meaning Gu."


 Northern Dark Ice Soul expressed his gratitude before immediately setting off.


 Love, bewilderment and disguise Gu guffawed as they looked at his receding figure.


 In this world, how could there be a meaning Gu?


 There was simply no such Gu, Northern Dark Ice Soul would, as such, not find it no matter how much he searched for it.


 "Fool, who told you all to anger me? I will let you guys know how terrifying the punishment of love can be! From now on, let’s follow him and toy with him in turns."


 Love Gu’s proposal was approved by the other two Gu.


 Thereupon, the three Gu played tricks on Northern Dark Ice Soul in turns, he suffered so much that words could not describe it. But to find this non-existent meaning Gu, he kept on persevering.


 Such spirit moved cognition Gu. And when love Gu was not present, cognition Gu approached Northern Dark Ice Soul to help him.


 "Cognition, what are you doing? We are having a great time." Bewilderment Gu and disguise Gu were extremely displeased with cognition.


 Cognition Gu laughed: "I am afraid of love, but I am not afraid of you two. Young man, use my strength to come to your senses."


 Northern Dark Ice Soul used cognition Gu’s power to realize the truth; he was no longer bewildered and he had seen through the disguise.


 Bewilderment Gu and disguise Gu could only leave in defeat.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul expressed gratitude to cognition Gu: "Thank you cognition Gu. Because of you, I have thought of a way to save elder sister."


 "Eh? What way is that?"


 "In this world, there is indeed no meaning Gu. But why can’t I create a meaning Gu?" Northern Dark Ice Soul replied confidently.


 Human life might have no meaning, but they could give a meaning to it.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul came back to Desolate Ancient Moon’s side and personally created a meaning Gu and pressed it into Desolate Ancient Moon’s head.


 "The meaning in my life is to search for success Gu and resurrect father! I understand now, I get it!" Desolate Ancient Moon’s eyes brightened.


 ...


 "Meaning in life huh..." Tang Fang put down his brush.


 It was late at night, warm silver light covered the land in Imperial Court blessed land.


 He was deeply moved after repeatedly copying the book.


 "People will feel bewildered as they live in this world. But as long as they can find their meaning in life, they will find their direction and be able to move forward bravely. At the same time, they will also understand what they want to do and what they do not want to do, and they will not be afraid of sacrifice. Big sister’s intent in making me copy the book should be this."


 He lightly pushed open the window and looked at the beautiful and dazzling sacred palace, thinking of the variety of people in it, some were strong, some were weak.


 His mood gradually uplifted: "Every person’s life has all sort of meaning. And the meaning of my life is to lead the tribe towards prosperity!"


 ...


 At the same time, in Water Pavilion.


 "A heart of self sacrifice?" The corners of Fang Yuan’s lips curled up into a lofty smile.


 Without any hesitation, he moved his hand towards the giant bowl and directly picked up the calamity beckoning Gu.


 As it absorbed his aura, calamity beckoning Gu’s body flashed with radiance and soon became Fang Yuan’s possession. The whole process was extremely smooth with not the least bit of tremor and backlash.


 With the identity of a transmigrator and the experience gained in the five hundred years in his past life, Fang Yuan had already seen through life and death; familial feelings, friendship and love were not any his interests.


 Only eternal life, this majestic and unattainable target, could make the journey of his life become more interesting.


 This was the meaning he gave to this life!


 Pursuing eternal life did not mean he was afraid of death or afraid of failure.


 He calmly accepted death and failure.


 Whether eternal life existed or not, there was no evidence to prove it.


 But even if it did not exist, so what?


 Fang Yuan enjoyed the process. In the process of pursuing eternal life, he found his meaning and felt that this life was quite interesting.


 The lowly lust and desires of his body, satisfaction of love and hatred, he was already tired of them.


 Only eternal life was worthy of being his target to pursue.


 "As a result, the necessary resolve to sacrifice, I already have it." Fang Yuan’s gaze shone eerily as he played around with the rank seven Immortal Gu in his hand.



***
Chapter 568: Mo Yao’s Will


***





 Chapter 568: Mo Yao’s Will


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan carefully observed calamity beckoning Gu.


 This Gu was a rank seven Immortal Gu and after going through the nurturing process in the giant vermillion bowl, it had already completely formed.


 It was the size of a little finger, was completely grey and looked very delicate like a silkworm cocoon.


 As Fang Yuan played with it and calamity beckoning Gu continued to absorb his aura, he could sense that the connection in the depths of his mind with calamity beckoning Gu was deepening further.


 Ripples appeared in Fang Yuan’s heart.


 It would be a lie to say that he was not moved.


 In his previous life, he had suffered untold difficulties and slaughtered many lives to refine a rank six Spring Autumn Cicada. And now with the advantage of his rebirth, he had yet to become a hundred years old but had already obtained calamity beckoning Gu which was a rank higher than Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Although the use of calamity beckoning Gu was extremely peculiar, offering oneself as a sacrifice by attracting earthly calamities and heavenly tribulations, Fang Yuan believed firmly that the use of a Gu depended on the wits of the Gu Master.


 Like Chainsaw Golden Centipede which would be used in a different manner in the future by a rank four mortal Gu Master ’Chainsaw Mad Demon’. So, why would Fang Yuan not be able to create new uses for calamity beckoning Gu?


 "Not speaking of other things, just the existence of calamity beckoning Gu proves that the legendary luck path truly exists."


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was extremely lucky his whole life and it was rumored that this was because he had created unique luck path Gu worms.


 However, there had never been conclusive evidence regarding this rumor.


 Now, Fang Yuan was holding calamity beckoning Gu, a luck path Gu; an Immortal Gu refined by refinement path grandmaster Mo Yao by interaction with the divert disaster Gu of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Divert disaster Gu and calamity beckoning Gu were luck path Gu worms.


 The ink text in the bowl was a very strong piece of evidence.


 Mo Yao even directly wrote in the ink text that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path Gu worms could steal other people’s good luck and transfer it to himself, and could also transfer his bad luck over, bringing trouble to others.


 As a complete path, luck path also had a methodical structure, including aspects of offense, defense, movement, healing and others. It was only that what it targeted was the incorporeal and formless luck which everyone possessed.


 After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable innovated the luck path, he kept it hidden and made great profits without making any commotion.


 "Giant Sun Immortal Venerable stole luck wantonly and with his death, the luck thief had finally perished." Mo Yao poured her feelings in the text, this strange woman had quite a temperament, daring to criticize an Immortal Venerable like this.


 She even speculated Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path inheritance was very likely to be in the treasure room of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!


 "If I can obtain this inheritance, could I duplicate Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s success?" Fang Yuan’s heart thumped in excitement.


 He pondered for a while before placing calamity beckoning Gu in the giant vermilion bowl again.


 Although calamity beckoning Gu had completely taken form, Fang Yuan could not refine it.


 The connection between them had thickened to the extreme, but there was still a gap before he could truly become the master of calamity beckoning Gu.


 Fang Yuan was still a mortal currently and did not have immortal essence to refine it.


 This situation was different from when he refined fixed immortal travel Gu.


 At three kings blessed land, he was able to refine fixed immortal travel Gu with the assistance of the land spirit, he was the leading refiner. Thus when fixed immortal travel Gu was born, it became his Gu. But he could not use it, and if not for the land spirit’s help, Fang Yuan would not have been able to travel to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 The whole process of refining calamity beckoning Gu, however, was done through the backflow of the heavenly power of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Fang Yuan was an assistant at best; this was already extremely great considering he did not have the help of a land spirit.


 "I can only truly refine it when I become a Gu Immortal. Before that, I can only leave it here."


 Without advancing to Gu Immortal, there would be no immortal aperture to store calamity beckoning Gu. If it was brought out openly, the Immortal Gu aura would spread which was sure to attract countless coveting people.


 Fang Yuan was not worried about Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the others; he had many wolf groups now and his strength path cultivation was also sufficient.


 What he was worried about was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s will in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Previously, the Immortal Gu was in its early form and had a weak aura, but now it had already taken shape, so if it was brought out, it might stir up Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s will and awaken it.


 Fang Yuan was not willing to take that risk, more so when his main plan had yet to be completed; he needed to keep on hiding and waiting.


 "Who would think that this nameless valley holds a rank seven Immortal Gu? But for now, I should first refine a part of this Water Pavilion before leaving." Fang Yuan pondered.


 Water Pavilion was a famous Immortal Gu house. It looked like Fang Yuan was overestimating himself by trying to refine it as a mortal, but this attempt was greatly feasible.


 Even the formidable Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had a crack, allowing Fang Yuan to study it in-depth. While Water Pavilion was now a ownerless object, it could naturally be easily exploited.


 But to talk about this, we need to know about the inherent nature of Gu houses.


 What is a Gu house?


 Not mentioning Fang Yuan’s past life, after the rebirth alone, he had encountered many Gu houses.


 The most common among them included the Gu house three star cave. It would turn into a seed when it was collected. After planting the seed, it would grow into an enormous hollow tree with three floors.


 There was lizard house Gu with the appearance of a lizard, sporting different colors. Its eyes were windows and its mouth was the door; it could move by its own will.


 There was also the mushroom forest Gu house which was formed by planting a large number of mush room Gu. Many mushroom houses would form into a courtyard.


 These were mortal Gu, there were also Immortal Gu houses like Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Water Pavilion.


 There were too many complicated Gu houses to talk about in their development till this day. But if one were to investigate their origin, the publicly recognized founders were the seven Lui Gui siblings.


 These seven were demonic Gu Masters of the olden antiquity era, they were born as septuplets, and from birth to death, they moved together.


 They were experts in defence and each of them was a rank five peak stage Gu Master. They also had a defensive killer move formed by combining their strength called ’turtle house’. Relying on this move, they were able to defend against three attacks from a Gu Immortal, establishing a tale called ’three moves pact’ in history.


 And this turtle house was the first Gu house in Gu Master history!


 Thus, basically speaking, Gu houses were killer moves formed by the combination and solidification of ten or more various kinds of Gu worms.


 Mushroom forest Gu house was a model example. It was a courtyard formed by the gathering of large numbers of mush room Gu.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was the apex of examples, possessing the ability to defend, gather, store and other effects. It was formed by countless small towers, divert disaster Gu being one of the main cornerstones. Sacrificing the gathered wild Gu, it created a power that would form the main body.


 There was also White Bone Chariot.


 Back then, Proud Bone Demon Lord Shen Jie Ao had outstanding and shocking talent. When he became a rank six Gu Immortal, he lacked a rank six Gu. So he came up with a killer move known as White Bone Chariot.


 The White Bone Chariot was formed from many rank five Gu, such as the White Bone Wheel, and had power comparable to a rank six Gu!


 This White Bone Chariot was actually a Gu house!


 As for three star cave, lizard house and large lizard house, they were all branches developed from simplified forms of Gu houses.


 Normal Gu houses were formed from the combination of several Gu worms. As three star cave and the others were formed from just one Gu, thus their might was greatly reduced and became commonly used Gu houses.


 Water Pavilion was a rank seven Immortal Gu house, this signified there was at least one rank seven Immortal Gu among the Gu worms used to create it!


 "With my current level, I cannot refine Immortal Gu. But refining the mortal Gu is still possible."


 This was where Fang Yuan’s confidence in refining Water Pavilion lay in.


 There were not many difficulties during the refining process.


 Water Pavilion was one of the symbols of Spirit Affinity House, wielded by Fairy Mo Yao back then.


 Mo Yao betrayed the sect for her love and refined calamity beckoning Gu, sacrificing herself. This Immortal Gu house thus became ownerless.


 As such, to Fang Yuan, Water Pavilion was like a little beauty that had its arms wide open and he was free to play with it.


 "Amazing, there were actually no less than three thousand Gu worms used in the assembly of Water Pavilion. And every Gu worm was closely interrelated and had a faint resonance between them. The core was rank seven Water Harmony Gu which allows the Gu Master to completely merge and hide in water; as long as the water was not extinguished, they won’t die. Besides this, there were also two assisting Immortal Gu - rank six movement Immortal Gu Worldly Wave Trace and wisdom path Immortal Gu Delight in Water and Mountain."


 The process of refining was in fact, the process of deepening his understanding of Water Pavilion.


 Refining an Immortal Gu was far beyond Fang Yuan’s ability, so there was no need to attempt it in vain. What he could make a move on were the rank one and rank two mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan spent six hours in refinement till he was dizzy, completely refining five hundred rank one and rank two mortal Gu.


 "I now have ten percent control over Water Pavilion. Even if someone discovers it, this ten percent of authority will be able to block them for a while. This time will be enough for me to be alerted and rush here in time."


 He refined for another two hours and increased his control authority to thirteen percent.


 The difficulty of the refinement continued to increase at the later stages.


 "Unfortunately, I have Spring Autumn Cicada which is like a ticking time bomb. I cannot use time path’s instant success Gu and other Gu to help me in the refining process, otherwise my progress would not be just this."


 Fang Yuan felt his head spinning and knew he had already reached the limit. The primeval essence in his two rank five peak stage apertures was also almost exhausted.


 But just when he thought of pulling away, a figure suddenly appeared in his mind.


 "After such a long time, I finally meet the fated one today."


 Following the indistinct sigh, the graceful figure of a woman with a slim body, shining dark eyes, and a veil covering her face, appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 "This is Fairy Mo Yao’s will, when did it enter my mind?!" Fang Yuan was inwardly shocked.


 So much time had passed, Mo Yao was not a venerable but she was still able to leave behind her will, one could tell how strong a cultivation she had back then.


 Fang Yuan actually already had taken precautions, but Fairy Mo Yao clearly had some special methods that allowed her will to silently enter Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Such an ability was not trivial.


 Mo Yao’s will had entered Fang Yuan’s mind, if she wanted to unceremoniously create difficulties for him, then Fang Yuan would absolutely have to suffer the consequences.


 Fang Yuan was not a wisdom path expert, only wisdom path Gu Masters had the power to subdue this kind of will.


 The most crucial thing was that when people pondered, their thoughts would first emerge. These thoughts would clash with each other in the brain and then transform, creating a new thought. This was the process of thinking.


 Now, Mo Yao’s will had entered Fang Yuan’s mind which meant she could hear all his thoughts clearly!


 What would happen once Mo Yao’s will learned of Spring Autumn Cicada?


 "No need to be afraid, fated one, I have no intention of harming you. I only want to ask you a question." Mo Yao’s will faintly asked.


 Fang Yuan did not even need to guess to know what she was going to ask. He told her about the fact of Bo Qing’s defeat on the spot.


 When she heard this grievous news, Mo Yao’s will shook to the point of collapsing!


 Fang Yuan was rejoicing covertly, but he had to be disappointed because Mo Yao’s will was able to maintain her form in the end.


 Her dark as night eyes were filled with tears. Fairy Mo Yao’s expression was extremely complex; there was sadness, but there was relief as well.


 Like she said in her poem ’too long has passed, emotions and hatred have already lasted for a long time’ , her love and hatred with Bo Qing was a long tale that was touching and deeply intertwined.


 "Fated one, since you can refine calamity beckoning Gu and also found this place and have begun refining Water Pavilion, you should already have a general understanding. Since he is already dead, then let everything go. Sigh... maybe this is the fortune of the living."


 Mo Yao’s will paused before continuing: "I have already let down Spirit Affinity House, my only wish now is to return this Water Pavilion. As compensation, I will impart my life’s refinement path attainment insights to you. Besides this, I will also tell you the secret information of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!"



***
Chapter 569: Six Arm Heavenly Zombie King


***





 Chapter 569: Six Arm Heavenly Zombie King


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The entire sacred palace was shrouded in an aurora.


 The light was dazzling and shone for the radius of a hundred li.


 Looking at the top of the sacred palace, two layers of the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had already formed, huge numbers of people were entering and exiting daily.


 Retracting his gaze, Fang Yuan softly closed the windows.


 Half a month had passed since he refined calamity beckoning Gu and returned from the Water Pavilion.


 During this period, Hei Lou Lan opened up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and did not charge any fees, allowing people to enter as they wished.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building — Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s inheritance ground, it had incredible attraction to all Gu Masters.


 Countless Gu Masters with Giant Sun’s bloodline entered like torrents of water, even if they could not get through, they wanted to observe the glory of the event.


 Especially after Eighty-Eight True Yang Building underwent a transformation and formed two layers, it triggered the people’s desires to explore.


 As for outsiders, they could only enter using the guest token.


 The guest token was a one time expenditure item, it could only be obtained on occasion when getting through a round.


 Until now, there had only been seven guest tokens obtained. Each fetched an astronomical price, but it did not deter any of the expert Gu Masters who did not have Giant Sun’s bloodline.


 Fang Yuan had the glass owner token now, he could freely enter and exit Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and even enter the treasure room. But in order to conceal himself, not long ago, he still paid a hefty price to buy a guest token.


 "Young man, I would advise you to prepare the ink transformation killer move that I taught you. That way, once you enter the central control hall, you would have less trouble."


 A female voice resounded in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 It was none other than Fairy Mo Yao’s will who had stealthily sneaked in.


 Fang Yuan heard this and frowned, in his heart he snorted and replied: "This killer move is too outdated. Some of the Gu worms have already disappeared, if I want to collect them now, it will take quite some effort, how can it be rushed?"


 Mo Yao’s will laughed: "Young man, you are quite fortunate to have Hu Immortal blessed land. You should make good use of treasure yellow heaven, it is not hard to purchase these Gu worms."


 Fang Yuan frowned even more tightly.


 He deciphered the code and obtained Di Qiu inheritance, even successfully refining calamity beckoning Gu, but he also gained a huge problem known as Mo Yao’s will.


 Mo Yao’s will was now lurking inside his mind, it was a huge threat.


 When Fang Yuan thinks, thoughts would be generated.


 Mo Yao’s will could read these thoughts and understand Fang Yuan’s secrets.


 In half a month’s time, she learnt about many of his secrets, including Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Right now, Fang Yuan could only use space thought Gu to think.


 Using space thought Gu as the main component, and other Gu worms to assist it, the thoughts formed had the power of space imbued in them, Mo Yao’s will could not read them even if she caught them.


 But such a situation was only temporary.


 Will ruled above thoughts, Mo Yao’s will was inside Fang Yuan’s mind, after interacting with these space thoughts for a long time, she would become familiar with them, and this line of defense would not be able to stop her.


 "Young man, you are young but you have many secrets. Hehehe, really interesting." Mo Yao’s will floated in the air, moving up and down.


 She laughed as she covered her mouth, her eyes were watery and her posture was alluring, she was truly a past generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House.


 After staying with Fang Yuan for a while, she became more active, and even more curious, her nature of wanting to probe people’s secrets showed itself.


 Every generation of Spirit Affinity House’s fairies was the cream of the crop, one out of ten thousand, she would be talented and beautiful, pure and elegant like a sacred lotus. But Mo Yao was different, her dark pupils contained some craftiness, if she was in the demonic path, she would definitely be a demoness.


 She created an illusory robe, covering her body while showing the contours, she looked at the bubble-like thoughts as she grabbed one of them.


 Next, she exerted strength and with a ’pop’, this thought exploded with some force.


 But she did not gain anything, because this thought’s content was two words, ’eating dinner’.


 She gasped lightly, her beautiful lips curving into an arousing angle: "Young man, you are not cute at all. Every time you think about something, you will make up all sorts of random thoughts to conceal the important points. Do you know that this will, in fact, make this big sister even more curious?"


 "Hmph, with your age, you have the face to call yourself big sister?" Fang Yuan snorted, threatening, "You are dead, you should rest in peace. Don’t think that I cannot do anything to you now that you are in my mind. Who knows, I might make your will perish the next moment."


 "Hehehe, so scary..." Mo Yao patted her plump chest, laughing without any concern: "But during this half a month of time, you attacked me twenty-eight times using nineteen methods. Don’t tell me, you are not only a strength-enslavement dual cultivator, but you also cultivate in wisdom path?"


 "Hmph!" Fang Yuan’s heart was surging with killing intent.


 " Aiyaya 1 , young man, don’t be like this." Feeling Fang Yuan’s sharp killing intent, Mo Yao waved her fingers: "I am your benefactor, isn’t calamity beckoning Gu your Immortal Gu now? You are still a mortal, it is an amazing accomplishment to have an Immortal Gu. Don’t worry, don’t worry, once you return this Water Pavilion to Spirit Affinity House, my wish would be fulfilled, and this will would no longer have any reason to exist."


 Return the rank seven Immortal Gu house Water Pavilion?


 The juicy meat had already entered Fang Yuan’s mouth, why would he spit it out?


 Fang Yuan did not want to do so, obviously, but he had no other choices.


 Not mentioning the piece of Mo Yao’s will in his mind, there was also a portion of Mo Yao’s remnant will inside the Water Pavilion.


 That meant, this Mo Yao was quite impressive.


 History said that she was a refinement grandmaster. But in terms of wisdom path and soul path, it seems she was even more skilled in them. Fang Yuan’s multitude of mental attacks were all easily dispelled by her.


 Fang Yuan had a huge headache now.


 Even though he obtained Di Qiu inheritance, he did not earn much.


 He took a huge risk and made great investments to carry out Gu refinement. In the end, he obtained calamity beckoning Gu but it was unusable. Mo Yao’s will even entered his mind, causing him to refrain from shooting at the rat for fear of breaking the vase, this was his greatest burden at the moment.


 "Had I known this, I would not have gone after this dogshit Di Qiu inheritance."


 This thought was not concealed at all, Mo Yao easily read about it.


 "Young man, that is not true. The refinement path killer move ink transformation that I taught you over these days is priceless. Didn’t you want to make use of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s loophole, hehe, you are so daring, almost at the same level as me. Don’t worry, I will help you, as long as you return Water Pavilion to Spirit Affinity House." Mo Yao urged.


 "Hmph, calamity beckoning Gu is mine, but I also want Water Pavilion, even Eighty-Eight True Yang Building might become my possession! You are a mere will, how can you stop me, a living person?" Since they had fought for dozens of times already, Fang Yuan rejected her outright.


 But this time, Mo Yao did not make fun of him, her gaze shone as she recalled something.


 Her expression was lonely as she sighed deeply: "Sigh, are all men like this? Even if they did something wrong, they would act in such a confident manner, unrelenting in their convictions being right."


 "In this world, what counts as wrong? Who is right, who is wrong? Everyone’s way of life is just different."


 Mo Yao’s expression changed, she laughed cheekily: "Young man, this is an interesting answer. But I’ve heard another answer, it was much more domineering than yours. He said —’In this world, anything I think or do is right. Those that differ from me are wrong.’ Hehehe, is that domineering enough?"


 Fang Yuan’s gaze shone: "Sword Immortal Bo Qing said that? Unfortunately, he did not succeed in that final step."


 These words made Mo Yao sink into silence, her face was full of sadness as she shut her eyes, memories were pouring in her mind as her long eyelashes were slightly trembling.


 She hid her figure, vanishing from Fang Yuan’s mind.


 "Damn it, she did this again!" Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, every time Mo Yao’s will hid herself, it would be like she did not exist, no matter how Fang Yuan tried to find her, he would not even see a trace of her.


 Mo Yao’s attainment in soul path and wisdom path greatly exceeded Fang Yuan’s. This resulted in her having free reign in his mind.


 But this time, he was not going to leave empty handed.


 In his mind, he found one of Mo Yao’s will’s thoughts.


 The content made Fang Yuan’s heart shudder.


 This was a killer move, named — Six Arm Heavenly Zombie King!


 Fang Yuan had been trying to find a way to combine strength and enslavement paths, he thought hard and obtained an initial result, it was his strength path killer move — Four Arm Earth King.


 Using this move, he went on a killing spree in the final battle of the Imperial Court contest, defeating Ma tribe army and pushing Hei Lou Lan into Imperial Court Blessed Land.


 But four arm earth king was only a casually created killer move, it was full of flaws and after Fang Yuan improved on it, it became the killer move four arm wind king.


 After that, he found a crucial borrow strength Gu inside the treasure room of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, allowing the killer move four arm wind king to gain a huge improvement.


 After Mo Yao’s will entered his mind, he purposely exposed a portion of his secrets, among them was this killer move, as well as his thoughts about improving this killer move.


 "Fantastic!" Fang Yuan praised.


 With his foundation, and Fairy Mo Yao’s attainment, six arm heavenly zombie king was a killer move nearing perfection.


 It used borrow strength Gu as the core, six types of flying zombie Gu as the supplement, and another thirty-six Gu worms in order to design this killer move with an amazing and specialized structure, Fang Yuan was in great awe.


 "However, I know about the five great flying zombie Gu, but this killer move needs a sixth flying zombie Gu? What Gu is that?"


 The killer move in the thought was not complete, it still lacked the final crucial step.



***
Chapter 570: Compromise


***





 Chapter 570: Compromise


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the dark secret room, there was a soothing sandalwood smell.


 Fang Yuan sat on the cushion, holding an east window Gu in his hand.


 This Gu was of the information path, rank four and shaped like a ladybug, the armor on its back was square, like window panels, specially used to store important information.


 This Gu was purposely bought in treasure yellow heaven by Fang Yuan.


 The content was all about wills.


 Ever since Mo Yao’s will had lurked in his mind, Fang Yuan had been buying and collecting information in this regard, he spent many immortal essence stones.


 This east window Gu was not the first.


 Long after, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes, his gaze clear as water.


 After reading so much precious information, he had a deeper understanding towards wills.


 Thought, will, emotion, the three were of the same branch, the former two belonged to the wisdom path and had much connection to many paths.


 Wisdom path, when first created, was a path for Gu Masters that seeked wisdom solely.


 When people think, thoughts would appear in their mind, when these thoughts collide, fuse, or cancel each other out, new thoughts would be formed, this would be the thinking process.


 These thoughts were classified into different categories, they were all different and had their own specialities.


 Among them, the most famous one was the obsession.


 When a Gu Immortal dies, their lingering obsession would combine with the heavenly power and form the land spirit within the blessed land.


 Gu Masters used these thoughts to create countless related Gu worms, like Dong Fang Yu Liang’s star thought Gu, and Fang Yuan’s space thought Gu, as well as Gu Immortals’ commonly used divine sense Gu.


 A few thoughts gather, forming ’will’.


 The saying goes: Will can be understood, but not described.


 Will cannot be expressed in words, the essence of will has surpassed the limits of written expression, only by using one’s heart, using a human’s spirituality, can it be felt.


 Initially, wisdom path Gu Masters created heaven’s will Gu. This Gu was used to comprehend the mechanics of the great Dao of heaven and earth, allowing one to further gain knowledge about heaven and earth, in order to improve on their own attainment.


 After that, as the path continued to develop, more Gu were created, killing intent Gu, casual Gu, one’s wishes Gu, proud Gu, evil intent Gu, painting idea Gu and others.


 Among them, the most famous one was recorded in the legends of Ren Zu, the legendary unexpected Gu.


 As wisdom path continued to develop, generations of Gu Masters continued to research, and they found out that when a few ’wills’ merged together, they become ’emotion’.


 Estrus Gu, gentle feelings Gu, and emotion poetry Gu were all from this path. Enchantment path was derived from this.


 The most famous Gu in this path similarly came from <> — Love Gu.


 "Thought, will, emotion..." Fang Yuan sighed.


 The more he learnt, the more he understood — with his current foundation in wisdom path, he could not get rid of Mo Yao’s will!


 The difference between them was too great.


 For example, in terms of their attainment in will, Fang Yuan was like a mound, while Mo Yao’s will was like a tall mountain. As for how tall this mountain was, or how grand it was, Fang Yuan could not tell as it was shrouded in a thick layer of mist.


 Mo Yao’s attainment had greatly exceeded Fang Yuan’s understanding. During these days of interaction and probing, it left a deep impression on Fang Yuan, he felt that she was truly on another level, her attainment was as deep as an abyss.


 Facing such great trouble, if he could not get rid of it, what would he do?


 Sitting on the cushion, after pondering for a while, Fang Yuan’s gaze turned cold as he made a decision.


 His consciousness entered his mind, and with just a thought, Mo Yao’s will felt it and her alluring figure appeared from within the pitch-black area in the mind.


 "I accept your suggestion, I will return Water Pavilion to Spirit Affinity House." Fang Yuan transmitted his second thought.


 Mo Yao’s eyes flashed with a peculiar light.


 She did not expect that Fang Yuan would compromise so quickly.


 According to their interaction these days, she understood clearly that Fang Yuan was that type of person with immense willpower, he was very assertive and his personality was tough and bold.


 Character decides one’s fate, this kind of person would either become a conqueror or a hero, they were destined to be a man above man, an elite among the elite.


 She left behind the six arm heavenly zombie king killer move, but she had some reservations and did not give him the entire thing. Instead of a bait, this was more like an indication of her attitude.


 She knew that with Fang Yuan’s intelligence, he would understand what she was trying to say.


 She had estimated that Fang Yuan would choose to negotiate with her in about seven or eight days. But in truth, he came to look for her after a day’s time.


 "Sigh, a wise man submits to circumstances, a great man is one who is resilient... Unfortunately most people in this world think too highly of their own abilities and refuse to lower their head due to pride. Throughout history, countless experts knew the logic of taking a step back and compromising, but it was easier said than done, when it was their turn, how many people could take that step?" Mo Yao’s will sighed as she said with deep emotion.


 "Although Water Pavilion is good, it is not useful to me. You know my situation, right now because of Hu Immortal blessed land, Immortal Crane Sect has declared that I am a member of their sect. Spirit Affinity House and Immortal Crane Sect are both part of the top ten sects in central continent, it will not be easy for me to return Water Pavilion to them." Fang Yuan said.


 "Hehehe." Mo Yao’s will chuckled: "Young man, I know what you mean. Don’t worry, you are my inheritor, the calamity beckoning Gu is yours, I have no intention to harm you. Returning the Immortal Gu house is a huge matter, I understand the risks clearly. To accomplish this mission, you need to be a Gu Immortal at least. I will do my best to help you become a Gu Immortal, and I will also assist you in obtaining Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. As for my refinement attainment, it will depend on how much you can learn."


 Mo Yao said so as she waved her hand, and a thought floated in Fang Yuan’s heart.


 The content was the final crucial part of the killer move six arm heavenly zombie king.


 Fang Yuan immediately asked unhappily: "Earth chief zombie? Are you serious, this is the so-called sixth flying zombie Gu?"


 Earth chief zombie Gu, he knew about it.


 This was obtained by killing an earth chief beast, using its skin and tendons as the materials, combined with tens of Gu worms, and using the yin soil that was nine hundred li deep in the ground, as well as mountain absorbing grass that were hundreds of years old, dark tide flowers and other materials to refine.


 Although it was quite strong, a rank five Gu just like asura zombie, heavenly demon zombie, blood wight, nightmare zombie and plague zombie, it could not fly.


 Without flying abilities, how could it be a ’flying zombie’ Gu?


 Facing Fang Yuan’s suspicion, Mo Yao laughed arrogantly: "Ordinary earth chief zombie Gu would not do. But who is this big sister? Hehe, I modified the recipe long ago, and refined a new earth chief zombie Gu. When a Gu Master uses it and becomes an earth chief zombie, even without wings, they can make use of the natural magnetic field to soar into the air, and fly as they wish."


 Saying so, she transmitted another thought, it was the recipe of the modified earth chief zombie Gu.


 Fang Yuan looked at it and his eyes shone.


 Mo Yao had daringly added several new materials into this Gu recipe, among them was original magnetic essence as the main ingredient. That was the most important element in this modification of the Gu.


 Fang Yuan thought about it and with his five hundred years of experience, he knew that this Gu recipe was usable, he could not help but praise in amazement.


 Mo Yao’s will was in his mind, she laughed smugly: "Young man, you really know your stuff. Not bad, you have some talent in refinement. But you have to be careful, this killer move was only created based on what you provided me, I would advise you to test it out on a few people before trying it yourself."


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 The killer move six arm heavenly zombie king had great power, it was about ten times as strong as four arm earth king and four arm wind king.


 Because it was so powerful, once it fails, the backlash would also be equally powerful.


 Fang Yuan could test the four arm earth king himself earlier because the risks were not great, he could endure them. But this six arm heavenly zombie king was another story.


 ...


 "The third layer, the third layer has formed!" In the sacred palace, cheers resounded throughout the area.


 The rainbow colored aurora was still thick as ever.


 As time passed, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was forming faster and faster, especially the newly formed third layer, it made everyone’s urge to explore it go wild.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s floors each have a hundred rounds, the earlier rounds were easy. But as they progressed, they got harder and the rewards were greater.


 Most Gu Masters do not have the strength to tackle the later rounds, but the earlier rounds had rewards that they would fight for.


 A group of Gu Masters, about a dozen, were leaving the palace in a hurry.


 When they were about to get past the sacred palace’s eastern entrance, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s third layer formed and these Gu Masters stopped in their tracks.


 Jiang Dong looked at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building which was at the peak of the sacred palace, snorting and saying to Ma Hong Yun who was in the group: "You Huang Jin tribe Gu Masters are so lucky, any reward inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building can allow you to soar to success and gain great riches!"


 Ma Hong Yun laughed sheepishly: "Leader is right, hehehe. Sadly, my bloodline is not thick enough, I cannot enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Otherwise, I would go in to expand my vision."


 Even though Huang Jin tribesmen were Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s descendants, they were not guaranteed entry into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 If their ancestors had diluted the bloodline too much by marrying outsiders, they would not reach the requirement and would not be able to enter.


 Jiang Dong heard this and the bitterness and jealousy in his heart lessened. The other Gu Masters in the group also looked at Ma Hong Yun more gently, someone even patted Ma Hong Yun’s shoulder and consoled: "You are really unlucky, but never mind, you can earn a fortune this time by coming with us to kill the earth chief beast as well!"


 "Yes, yes, yes." Ma Hong Yun nodded as he bowed, laughing apologetically.


 He had saved Ma Ying Jie coincidentally. After Hei tribe forcefully took over Ma tribe, due to a series of events, he changed his surname and became Ma Hong Yun, finally allowed to cultivate.


 Right now, he was a rank one Gu Master, his aptitude was neither good nor bad.


 Of course he could enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, but with his strength, there was no point in that at all. During his stay in the sacred palace, he could mix around with hunting groups daily and go out to hunt, it allowed him to earn enough to cover his daily expenses and accumulate primeval stones to cultivate.


 As for what he told Jiang Dong, that was Zhao Lian Yun’s instruction before he set off.



***
Chapter 571: Deserves death without pity


***





 Chapter 571: Deserves death without pity


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Boom boom boom...


 The earth rumbled, wolves charged out like tides, they were endless like the flood water, charging forward relentlessly.


 Tens of thousands of wolves sprinted, the wolf group was in chaos. There were wind wolves running like they were flying, water wolves with their snow-white bodies, night wolves who were slim and stealthy, turtleback wolves who were stable and sturdy, vermillion flame wolves who were burning fiercely.


 Hundred wolf king, thousand wolf king, and myriad wolf king led the army along with the mutated wolves, they were travelling in packs and were very conspicuous.


 Like the blood forest wolf, with a bone forest on its back, tall as a mountain. The shark fin wolf with with skin like that of an elephant, while being amphibious. The frenzy wolf with three silver-grey eyes, being a battle maniac.


 Inside Imperial Court blessed land, in the light golden sky, there were azure wolves running in the air, howling as they gave off a strong aura.


 Fang Yuan sat on an azure myriad wolf king’s back as the strong winds could not affect his determined and resolved expression.


 His eyes were dark like the abyss, he was looking down with his thoughts unpredictable.


 Although the wolves were scattered when he first entered Imperial Court blessed land, Fang Yuan had been handing out missions to others and had been recalling the old wolves as well as recruiting new wolves since. By now, he had about five hundred thousand wolves running below him like the tides of the sea.


 At this point, he was truly at the peak of the mortal realm.


 During the Imperial Court contest, he was one of the five beast kings together with Jiang Bao Ya, Ma Zun and others. After the Imperial Court contest, just looking at northern plains alone, he was the current generation’s number one enslavement master.


 Other than his enslavement attainment, he also displayed great technique in his strength path cultivation, and was also a flying master, it was truly a shocking achievement.


 Who did not respect and revere the great Wolf King Chang Shan Yin?


 In the entire northern plains, how many could actually put up a challenge before him?


 But at this moment, in Fang Yuan’s mind, there was a voice ’discouraging’ him.


 "Hehehe, young man, you want to combine strength and enslavement, that is really a tall order. I would advise you to give up on that as soon as possible."


 Mo Yao’s will continued: "Strength and enslavement are very distinct from each other. The combination of strength and enslavement has been an age old problem. It was not easy for you to even dual cultivate them, why don’t you change them now while it is early, there is no need to do something so meaningless and troublesome, I had gone through this back in my days. You need to know, there are countless paths and ways to be a Gu Master, our strength is not reliant on the number of paths we are on, but the depth of our attainment."


 Mo Yao explained to him patiently, but Fang Yuan scoffed, arrogantly refusing: "Problems are meant to be solved, what is there to be afraid of? Enslavement-strength dual cultivation is an age old problem, that is because I had not been born back in those days. I will eventually have the world in my palms, my name will go down in history, just like Star Constellation, Red Lotus, Paradise Earth and others."


 Star Constellation, Red Lotus, Paradise Earth were all rank nine venerables. In the long history of mankind, the river of time flowed endlessly, but there were only ten of them throughout the ages.


 Fang Yuan was a mortal, but he was aiming to be such a person, it was like an ant trying to become an elephant.


 Such lofty ambitions and tone, even Mo Yao’s will was tongue-tied when she heard it.


 ...


 "Howl!"


 "Kill, kill all of these earth chief beasts!"


 "Where is the healing Gu Master? Someone is injured, quickly come and help!"


 The beasts were growling, the Gu Masters were shouting, a small-scale fight was reaching its climax.


 On the relatively small battlefield, there were holes on the ground, broken limbs and blood everywhere. Five to six Gu Masters were surrounding the earth chief beast king, engaging in fierce combat. There were large numbers of earth chief beast corpses surrounding them.


 These earth chief beasts had a humanoid body and a snake tail, their face resembled bats, and their nose were pointed up. They had large ears and a black body covered in flesh armor. All around their chests, there were five to six flesh whips, ranging from tens of centimeters to meters long.


 The whips were like hands, agile like snakes as they flung with huge force, both offensively and defensively.


 The earth chief beasts lived underground, but they only lived near the surface and not deep underneath.


 They had great value, be it their eyes, fur, or tail, they were rare and valuable Gu refinement material. What was most rare was their flesh whips, the longer they were the better, whips that were six meters or longer were often priceless, almost none were sold in the market.


 Right now in northern plains, earth chief beasts were almost going extinct. But in Imperial Court blessed land, they lived in huge numbers, for example at this area, for the surrounding ten thousand li, there were earth chief beast groups living underground.


 Money moved people’s hearts, because this was close to the sacred palace, many Gu Masters often gathered in groups and hunted at this place.


 This battling group was one of them.


 The Gu Masters in the group had hunted down the earth chief beasts for several times already, they were quite experienced.


 But this time, they encountered trouble. Although they attracted an earth chief beast group, there were only a hundred of them which was manageable for them. However, the beast king was not an ordinary hundred beast king, but an old thousand beast king. Although this old beast king could not battle and was old and sickly, it had many wild Gu in it, and had truly the battle strength of a rank three.


 Among mortal Gu Masters, rank one were students, they had just started and were weak, being the most commonly seen ones. Rank two were the foundation of tribes, the main source of manpower, they were quite common.


 Rank three were elders, they were the pillars of support for the clan, and were much more rare than rank two Gu Masters. Rank four were the leaders, capable to leading ten thousand men. Rank five was the peak of the mortal realm, they were the rarest of the mortal Gu Masters.


 Earth chief thousand beast king was not a problem by itself, but the rank three that it had were too much for this group to handle.


 During the start of the battle, the leader Jiang Dong was decisive and had great experience, ordering his group and bringing some people to break into the beast group, stalling the earth chief beast king, while the others slaughtered the earth chief beasts. Otherwise, the group would have crumbled already.


 "Everyone, put in more effort! This old beast is going down, we will win if we can endure!" Jiang Dong shouted to raise the group’s morale.


 Everyone replied quickly, raising their concentration and mental focus.


 From the start of the battle until now, an hour had passed. The Gu Masters were almost out of primeval essence, but because of northern plains’ culture, these Gu Masters all cultivated strength path as well.


 The Gu Masters fought bravely, using close combat primarily, only using their primeval essence when they had no choice to save themselves or others.


 Howl!


 Right at this time, the old beast king swung its snake tail, causing the air to crackle. The snake tail hit one of the Gu Masters and sent him flying. When he landed, this Gu Master’s chest was smashed and his bones were all broken, he was beyond dead.


 Humans had intelligence, beasts had their craftiness too.


 The old beast king was really weak, but that did not mean it was powerless. When it burst out its remaining strength, it killed one person immediately.


 The Gu Masters were stunned, their morale fell rock bottom.


 "Oh no, we were already at a stalemate earlier, that that we are one man down, and my primeval essence is less than twenty percent left, what will we do?" Jiang Dong’s eyes rolled as he thought of escaping.


 This hunting group was only established at a whim, although running away would ruin his reputation, what was reputation compared to death?


 Northern plainsmen were battle lovers, it was true that they were ferocious and brave, but they were not stupid.


 "In the past, life was tough and I could only fight desperately to survive. Now that I am inside Imperial Court blessed land, with ample resources lying around, I should be accumulating my foundation and soaring into the sky. How can I sacrifice my precious life here?"


 "I have parents and children back at home, although these hunting gains were good, the primeval stones are only enough to sustain my own cultivation. That rascal at home will be starting his cultivation journey in half a year... thus, sorry everyone!"


 Jiang Dong’s gaze shone for a while, as he retreated suddenly, using all his remaining primeval essence on his movement Gu.


 He tore through the air, with a ’swoosh’ sound, he vanished like the wind.


 The remaining Gu Masters were stunned again, the leader ran away in battle, what can they do now?


 Immediately, everyone scattered as morale became non-existent.


 The earth chief beast king growled, chasing after them.


 "The f*ck!" Jiang Dong looked back and cursed, his soul almost flew into the nine heavens.


 This old earth chief beast king chose to chase after him out of all the people, most likely his ruthless attacks and fierce offense enraged the old beast.


 "Oh no, my life will be over at this rate!"


 The two ran and chased, as time passed, his primeval was expended and Jiang Dong fell into despair.


 "Lord Jiang Dong, please run!"


 At this time, a voice could be heard from afar.


 Jiang Dong turned around and saw a young man at the left, it was Ma Hong Yun who had joined the group not too long ago. He had rank one cultivation and was a support Gu Master with little battle strength. From the start of the battle, he had been dispatched and was used to investigate the area.


 "What a foolish lad!" Jiang Dong was overjoyed, he changed directions and ran towards Ma Hong Yun.


 Ma Hong Yun’s eyes were wide open, he saw the old earth chief beast king chasing Jiang Dong and had the urge to remind him. To think that Jiang Dong actually lured the old beast king towards him.


 Ma Hong Yun ran immediately, but Jiang Dong was even faster, in a few breaths’ time, he got close to him.


 Jiang Dong laughed loudly: "Lad, you saved my life today, your death is not in vain."


 Saying so, he used his Gu worm and knocked Ma Hong Yun unconsciously, stretching out his hand and tossing him behind.


 But the old earth chief beast king ignored that free meal and still chased after Jiang Dong non-stop.


 Jiang Dong’s laughter came to an end, his mood went from heaven to hell.


 Just as old earth chief beast king got close to him, he could hear rumbling in his ears as the ground started to shake.


 Next, from far away in the sky, a line was getting bigger and clearer.


 Wolves!


 Why are there so many wolves?!


 The wolf tide rained down from the sky, the grand aura it gave off was like flood water that was engulfing the world.


 The old thousand beast king froze, after being in a short daze, it shuddered and turned around to run away.


 "Vermillion flame wolves, turtleback wolves... such a wolf group, that’s right, there was an announcement, Wolf King was going to hunt at this area! Ahahaha, my life is not meant to be over, I am saved!"


 Jiang Dong cheered loudly after his initial shock. He sat on the ground, his body shivering in excitement, the hope after despair was making him feel great relief as tears flowed out of his eyes.


 But the next moment, the wolf tide came without slowly down, charging like a waves as it tore him into pieces in a few seconds.


 In the golden sky, atop the azure wolf, Mo Yao’s will spoke in Fang Yuan’s mind with a sorrowful sigh: "Fang Yuan, you allow these wolves to kill every living thing in their path, be it enemy or ally. Your killing intent is too strong, are you not afraid of going against the natural order, are you not afraid of other Gu Masters’ opinion?"


 "Hmph, I announced my hunt long ago. These people are overwhelmed by greed, they are like ants, there is no pity for them when they are blocking my path." Fang Yuan replied plainly.



***
Chapter 572: Successfully refining the Earth Chief Zombie Gu


***





 Chapter 572: Successfully refining the Earth Chief Zombie Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The wolf groups were like a tsunami leaving trail of blood wherever it went in the blessed land.


 Fang Yuan was sitting indifferently on the back of an azure wolf king, turning a blind eye to the massacre happening in front of him.


 In his mind, Mo Yao’s will frowned slightly.


 She was a fairy nurtured by Spirit Affinity House, a person of the righteous path; she was naturally not happy at Fang Yuan’s casual massacre.


 "This young man could disguise his identity and sneak into Imperial Court blessed land under the eyes of northern plains’ Gu Immortals; he is a dauntless and crafty person. He also deciphered the clues of my inheritance and refined the Immortal Gu, he was not only fated but also had extraordinary methods. Even more importantly, he knows to bow and submit, when he knows that things cannot always go his way, he immediately compromises, this person is extremely shrewd as well! What is his origin?"


 Mo Yao’s will could not help but wonder about that question.


 She had just recently come out of Water Pavilion and resided in Fang Yuan’s mind; she had analyzed many of Fang Yuan’s thoughts and immediately learned many of his secrets.


 However, Fang Yuan’s response was quick and immediately took preventive measures, making her progress slow down greatly.


 Thus, Mo Yao’s will learnt of Fang Yuan’s secrets but what she knew was limited.


 Among them included the secrets Fang Yuan revealed to her of his own accord.


 She still did not know that Fang Yuan possessed Spring Autumn Cicada, thus she had no way of knowing Fang Yuan’s biggest secret of being a transmigrator.


 This was the world of Gu.


 Mo Yao had already perished and what was left was only a portion of her will. Unable to use Gu worms, Mo Yao’s will could only take advantage of Fang Yuan’s low attainment in wisdom path.


 "I had just recently awakened, I do not know what his background is. This young man has absurdly firm willpower and is extremely opinionated. I should just bide my time and guide him to return Water Pavilion to the sect first. It will not be too late to persuade him to do good once we arrive at Spirit Affinity House..."


 Mo Yao’s will had inherited some intelligence of the main body and immediately kept quiet when she realized any persuasion would be in vain.


 There was no resistance at all; Fang Yuan’s dark and eerie gaze slowly retracted, closing his eyes to rest on the wolf’s back.


 He was not someone who slaughtered willfully.


 There was a reason for letting the wolves massacre at full force today.


 One was to attract the earth chief beast groups underground. earth chief beast was a wild beast, the thick smell of blood would attract and stimulate their savage nature, making them risk emerging from the ground.


 Second was that the massacre would produce large numbers of souls. Since the start of the Imperial Court contest, Fang Yuan had been using soul burial toad to collect the souls. He had Dang Hun mountain, and as long as Dang Hun mountain did not die completely, the more souls he had, the better it was for him.


 Third reason was aimed at Mo Yao’s will in his mind, he was trying to probe her.


 As for the nasty repercussions from wantonly killing Gu Masters, Fang Yuan was happy instead of afraid.


 Not mentioning that he had already made a public announcement, making the consequences clear to everyone, even if the public stirs and the resentment and hatred towards him rises, so what?


 He was at the peak of mortals, the famous Wolf King Chang Shan Yin! He was no longer the minor character several years ago who had to act cautiously.


 In this Imperial Court blessed land where Gu Immortals could not enter, his one shout could cause countless Gu Masters to tremble. His stomp could shake the sacred palace. With one thought, the wolf groups would instantly create a bloodbath.


 There was a famous saying on Earth — Political power comes from military strength.


 A strong fist is power and power is the truth!


 But on Earth, power was concentrated in the masses. Besides violence and fists, one needed to use righteousness to conceal the truth and compromise according to the public sentiment.


 But here, individual strength was far above the group. Public sentiment and righteousness were much weaker. Not mentioning anyone else, just take the current Fang Yuan as an example — who cares about your dogshit hatred and grudges, whoever comes will face decimation! Whoever is not pleasing to the eyes, they can be slaughtered with no care at all!


 Looking disdainfully at all lives, trampling on the public sentiment, without restraints and free like the wind!


 But in Fang Yuan’s pursuit of the Great Dao, he had no interest towards casually slaughtering ants. Today’s large scale massacre was no more than a small step towards his majestic target.


 As he thought of this trip’s goal, Fang Yuan slowly opened his eyes.


 Howl!


 A beast roar echoed to the skies.


 A mound bulged up from a distance before bursting open; mud and stones splattered around as a fifty feet tall earth chief myriad beast king jumped out.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with a chilly light as he sneered: "You shall be the one."


 At once, he commanded the wolf group to attack, endless thoughts flew about in his mind like an endless drizzle.


 If one looked from a high altitude, one would see an extremely spectacular scene of innumerable wolves rushing forward like an endless tide.


 As they neared the earth chief myriad beast king, the wolves suddenly split into several groups like ants trying to climb up an elephant. At the same time, azure wolves howled and flew down, spiralling around earth chief myriad beast king like birds.


 Earth chief myriad beast king jumped towards the wolf group and started rampaging, soon, wolf blood splattered and wolf corpses covered the ground. Its giant legs would leave behind terrifying blood pits in its trail.


 Fang Yuan had a smile as he observed the battle from the skies.


 Under his control, the wolf groups advanced and retreated, sometimes slowly and sometimes fast, as they charged forward waves after waves, forming a situation of ants devouring an elephant.


 Earth chief myriad beast king roared again and again while valiantly charging all around, causing large numbers of casualties in the wolf groups.


 In Fang Yuan’s mind, Mo Yao gave a soft exclamation of surprise, slightly shocked at Fang Yuan’s enslavement path attainment.


 "Wow, I had not expected this kid to have so much talent at this young age, commanding these wolves as naturally as breathing, and with such ease like he is moving his arms, he has mastered the art of attrition battle of enslavement path, fighting the strong with a weak force, this is a master level attainment..."


 But it was nothing more than a slight shock.


 Mo Yao had seen and experienced a lot in her life and was not an ordinary Gu Immortal, but a certain generation’s fairy of Spirit Affinity House; her horizons were broad and masters as young as Fang Yuan were not few in her memory.


 The battle lasted for a while, earth chief myriad beast king was roaring again and again, its energy was consumed by the wolf groups and could no longer display its fierce might...


 Large numbers of earth chief beasts jumped out of the underground and joined the battle.


 Fang Yuan chuckled indifferently, commanding the wolves with ease as he had already expected this.


 The outcome of this large battle was foreordained from the start. How could a myriad beast scale earth chief beast group be his match?


 Such a large battle covered a range of a thousand li, but this was ingeniously divided into dozens of sections of battle circles by Fang Yuan; using the weak wolf groups to surround and then using the strong and vigorous mutated beasts to form an arrow head that charged forward.


 The first section of the battle circles was taken down by the wolf group, as they joined with the next group to destroy the second section, the third section; the dominance accumulated and the scales of victory was inclining more and more towards Fang Yuan. Finally, the wolf group’s annexing speed increased faster and faster till they butchered earth chief myriad beast king.


 "This kid’s enslavement path cultivation is indeed not ordinary. Although his commanding ability is exquisite and bold, using sharp and mild tactics together, he is still far away from grandmaster level attainment." Mo Yao thought inwardly.


 Gu Master raised, used, and refined; no matter which aspect, they were all very profound and deep.


 Gu Masters might be using the same Gu worms, but some Gu Masters’ performance would be extremely outstanding to the point that it could be called an art. These people were known as masters!


 Master could be discovered but not sought, and could not be cultivated just by investing resources. Not only did it require innate talent, the Gu Master also needed to have capability.


 But above master was grandmaster.


 Comparing master and grandmaster was like comparing grass and tree. Besides talent, aptitude and resources, grandmaster attainment also required fortuitous opportunities and comprehension.


 As long as one reached grandmaster level, they could gain comprehension about any path using their own as a foundation, they could understand about yin-yang and heaven and earth, they could learn about the profoundness of the universe, surpassing the mortal realm and become immortals among immortals, sages among sages.


 Mo Yao was a refinement path grandmaster, although she had perished, her broad vision still existed.


 She had seen countless masters in her life; the main reason why she felt Fang Yuan’s attainment was impressive was because of his young age.


 Not long later, earth chief myriad beast king fell down loudly, having died due to the heavy injuries.


 Blood flowed out rapidly and soon formed into a pool of blood beside it.


 Fang Yuan descended and personally skinned it, immediately started refining Gu next to the blood pool with wolf groups surrounding him.


 Mo Yao’s modified earth chief zombie Gu required the freshest flesh, with the flesh of earth chief myriad beast king being the best, thousand beast king being the second best and hundred beast king being the last option.


 Thus, Fang Yuan moved out in a large scale and personally killed the earth chief myriad beast king.


 The Gu refinement continued for three days and three nights before succeeding perfectly.


 Fang Yuan reached his goal, thereafter he dismissed majority of the wolf groups to hunt in the wild, only taking the elite mutated beasts with him as he returned back to sacred palace without stopping.


 The battlefield fell into deathly stillness; suddenly, a bloody person made his way out of a hill-sized blood forest wolf corpse.


 The bloody person swayed unstably as he moved and had only walked a few steps before falling down to the ground.


 He gasped roughly, an incredulous look in his eyes as he muttered: "I am still alive?"


 He vigorously rubbed his face, revealing his face.


 It was none other than Ma Hong Yun.


 After he had been knocked unconscious by Jiang Dong, he had remained down on the ground.


 That old earth chief beast king ignored him and chased after Jiang Dong.


 But soon after, wolf group engulfed the area and slaughtered all living beings, and Ma Hong Yun ended up in a wolf’s mouth.


 If it had been an ordinary wolf like turtleback wolf, water wolf or wind wolf, Ma Hong Yun would already have been torn into pieces and would be lying in the wolf’s stomach.


 Fortunately, it was the hill-sized blood forest wolf that had eaten him.


 This wolf opened up its large mouth and with one lap of its tongue, directly licked the ground within a hundred steps. Ma Hong Yun along with the old earth chief beast king’s corpse went down into the blood forest wolf’s stomach.


 If it had continued normally, Ma Hong Yun would already have been digested by the blood forest wolf sooner or later and turn into a pile of wolf faeces.


 But following the battle with the earth chief beast group, this blood forest wolf was attacked from all around and died on the battlefield; its chest and belly was torn open which allowed air to flow in.


 Ma Hong Yun dizzily woke up and hurriedly drilled his way out. At this time, the battle had already ended and the battlefield was covered with beast corpses. Occasionally, some wild beasts that were at their final moments would gasp for air, emphasizing the deathly stillness in the surrounding.


 After Ma Hong Yun breathed enough, his strength started to gradually recover and the thick bloody odor assailed his nose.


 He realized the situation was anything but reassuring: "I need to leave this place quickly, wild beasts will be attracted by the odor of the blood not long later."


 Ma Hong Yun had been born and raised in Northern Plains, this survival common sense was already deeply ingrained in his bones.


 He immediately stood up and made sure of the direction towards sacred palace and immediately set off.


 But he had just taken few steps when he stopped.


 His sight was attracted by a Gu worm.


 This was a wild Gu on the corpse of an earth chief beast.


 The earth chief beast had died, the wild Gu on it should have perished or flown away, but this wild Gu was unexpectedly held back by a fractured bone and could not fly away.


 "This should be a rank two... something something Gu." Ma Hong Yun could not remember it clearly, but it did not hinder him from knowing the value of this Gu.


 "Good Gu worm, this is a good Gu worm, after getting it, even if I can’t use it for myself, I can sell it for a lot of primeval stones."


 Ma Hong Yun felt a rush of excitement and immediately walked over, easily grabbing the Gu worm.



***
Chapter 573: Human Experimentation


***





 Chapter 573: Human Experimentation


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The silver light shone on the garden where the plants were swaying gently.


 In a pavilion, Fang Yuan was fiddling with earth chief zombie Gu.


 This Gu’s shape appeared like an earthworm, bright yellow in color and was the size of an infant’s forearm. Right now, it was twining around Fang Yuan’s fingers like a wriggling snake.


 Through Mo Yao’s improved recipe and the flesh of earth chief myriad beast king’s corpse, its refinement was successful.


 But Fang Yuan had not used it.


 He was cautious in nature, this earth chief zombie Gu was refined from a modified recipe, what would he do if there was a problem?


 Although he had reached a compromise with Mo Yao’s will, Mo Yao was a fairy of the righteous path’s Spirit Affinity House as well as a refinement path grandmaster; he could not put his guard down.


 ’But grandmasters are truly worthy of their name, my refinement path attainment has already reached the master realm, but when compared to Mo Yao, I am young like a child.’


 Recalling the process of refining earth chief zombie Gu, Fang Yuan was still feeling moved.


 During the whole Gu refinement process, Mo Yao only spoke three sentences, but they were the crucial guides, the vital finishing touches. Fang Yuan was able to gain a lot of insight from them.


 He, however, did not know Mo Yao was also inwardly moved at this moment.


 ’Double master attainment... I had not expected this kid to not only be an enslavement path master but also refinement path master. Double master attainment at such a young age, such aptitude and talent are rare even in my memory. No wonder he has such grand ambitions of wanting to rise to the realm of venerable, equal to Thieving Heaven, Paradise Earth, Giant Sun....’


 ’It is also natural to be arrogant and conceited after getting success at this young age.’ Mo Yao still scoffed at Fang Yuan’s ’goal’ of being equal to venerables, but she understood.


 ’Becoming a master can’t be done with just talent and aptitude, it also requires sufficient resources and even guidance from great teachers. It seems this kid’s background is quite deep.’


 Previously, Mo Yao already knew the secret of Fang Yuan possessing Hu Immortal blessed land. Now, with the intel of ’double master attainment’, she sensed the deep origin of Fang Yuan.


 "Lord Wolf King, Ge tribe’s and Chang tribe’s leaders have come forward to have an audience." Right at this time, a servant reported from outside the door.


 Fang Yuan collected his thoughts, these two had been called by him. He indifferently said: "Let them in."


 "Yes." The servant respectfully retreated.


 Not long later, two people came forward and kneeled, kowtowing three times to pay their respects, an extremely respectful and fearful expression could be seen on their faces.


 Going through the baptism of Imperial Court contest and being at a high position with no lack of resources, under the shade of a large tree like Wolf King, Ge Guang and Chang Ji You were already rank four Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan glanced and asked without allowing them to rise: "Have you completed the things I told you a few days ago?"


 After Fang Yuan succeeded in his expedition and returned to the sacred palace, he gave an order to the two tribe leaders to gather all their tribe’s Gu Masters to clean up the battlefield.


 "As per Lord Wolf King’s words, the battlefield has been cleaned up, altogether..." Ge Guang was about to report the gains, but was interrupted by Fang Yuan.


 He did not care about these battle spoils, asking: "How many Gu Masters did you arrest?"


 Ge Guang did not reply this time, instead signalled Chang Ji You who was at the side, with his eyes.


 Everyone knew Chang Ji You was Chang Shan Yin’s own son, and after Fang Yuan took control of Chang tribe, he appointed Chang Ji You as the tribe leader.


 Ge Guang was letting Chang Ji You reply to Fang Yuan’s question, in light of this relation and to express his goodwill to Chang Ji You.


 Chang Ji You spoke with a respectful expression, his gaze revealing a crazed fanatical worship: "People’s hearts are unfathomable with insatiable greed. Despite lord father’s public announcement, there were still many Gu Masters who sneaked into the battlefield to steal beast corpses or wild Gu. Over these few days, I and tribe leader Ge Guang combined our strength and were able to arrest over one hundred and eighty Gu Masters who are locked up in the prison now. But there were still many crafty and treacherous scoundrels who took advantage of when we were not on guard to sneak in and make some free gains. I have interrogated the prisoners and have much intel on them already. As long as father commands, I will definitely spare no efforts to lock up all these escapees!"


 Although Chang Ji You was kneeling on the ground, his upper body was upright as he spoke in an unafraid tone; his aquiline nose, dark brows, broad back and thin waist gave him a heroic aura.


 Fang Yuan smiled, he had no interest in capturing these escapees: "The battlefield is vast and is not restricted with doors or obstacles, you have already done great by capturing so many Gu Masters. As for the others, it is their skill that they were able to escape, there is no need to chase after them. You can leave now, and bring those detained captives here."


 "Yes, this subordinate (this child) heeds your command!"


 Not long later, the two escorted close to two hundred captives to Fang Yuan.


 With Fang Yuan’s command, a large hall had been created to lock up these Gu Masters.


 "You guys go out and close the door, guard the entrance and don’t let any outsiders enter within a hundred steps. If some experts arrive, inform me in advance." Fang Yuan dismissed everyone, the hall now only had him and the captives.


 The door was locked and as no lanterns had been lit, the hall sank into darkness.


 This no doubt increased the unease and anxiety in the captives’ hearts.


 "Lord Wolf King, what are you intending to do by capturing us? I am a Hei tribesman and talking of relation... Hei Lou Lan is my older cousin!" Among the captives a young Gu Master shouted.


 Fang Yuan sneered and with a snap of his fingers, activated a Gu.


 Tch. A soft sound was heard and the young Gu Master’s head burst out like a watermelon, spurting out white brain matter.


 A huge clamor instantly occurred as the captives were terrified and fell into panic.


 Soon, someone took the lead and the others also followed suit, kneeling down one after another.


 "Lord Wolf King, I deserve death!"


 "I shouldn’t have gone to steal lord’s battle spoils, my conscience was blinded!"


 "Lord, please forgive us, lord have mercy..."


 Fang Yuan had a terrifying reputation, and now he casually killed without even saying a word.


 None of these Gu Masters were experts, most having only rank one or rank two cultivation. Their background was not good and they were unable to enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, facing a rank five peak stage expert like Fang Yuan and trying to resist would only be looking for death, so they could only ask for forgiveness.


 "Noisy". Fang Yuan shouted in a soft voice, but his voice echoing in the hall.


 He casually waved his hand, killing the person that was begging in the most mournful voice, even though they were quite far apart.


 "I will kill anyone who dares to make more noise." Fang Yuan indifferently said, his voice was not loud but it lingered in the captives’ ears.


 The whole hall instantly fell into deathly silence out of fear; even the sound of a pin dropping could be heard.


 Fang Yuan only then felt satisfied and asked Mo Yao’s will in his mind: "Now how should I experiment?"


 Mo Yao chuckled: "This is easy, little brother just needs to arrange Gu worms according to my instructions."


 She directly addressed Fang Yuan as ’little brother, giving a feeling of intimacy. Fang Yuan snorted inwardly, but did not retort and followed Mo Yao’s instructions.


 Every time Mo Yao notified, Fang Yuan would respond by sending out a Gu worm.


 These Gu worms were the Gu worms to form six arm heavenly zombie king killer move; earth chief zombie Gu, asura zombie Gu, heavenly demon zombie Gu and so on. Some were thrown towards the roof and some were placed in the corners.


 As the Gu worms made an arc through the air, trails of colorful light appeared in the captives’ eyes.


 These people were very anxious, but they did not dare to ask anything. They stood on their spots without even daring to move a little just like little whelps.


 The headless corpses of the two captives Fang Yuan had killed were still around them, the odor of blood gradually pervaded the hall as the blood flowed out of the severed necks.


 After arranging these Gu worms to their spots, Fang Yuan successively started to pour primeval essence into them according to Mo Yao’s instructions.


 This process of pouring the primeval essence was quite specific; one moment, he had to choose a Gu worm in the southeast and the very next moment, it would be northwest, and suddenly, it would be the Gu worms to the sides. The main Gu at times, and the supporting Gu worms at times.


 Even Fang Yuan felt baffled and had inwardly put up his guard.


 When all the Gu worms were activated, the light from them gradually linked together and soon formed a pale yellow light house that covered the hall, including all the captives within.


 "This is?!" Fang Yuan’s thoughts shook and his pupils widened.


 Mo Yao’s will softly smiled as she explained: "This is a Gu house."


 Fang Yuan involuntarily blurted out: "Is the essence of this six arm heavenly zombie king a Gu house?"


 Mo Yao chuckled: "Foolish kid, could it be that you don’t know the true nature of a Gu house is a killer move? ... Six arm heavenly zombie king is a killer move, a Gu house is also a killer move, their essence is the same, so they naturally can be mutually switched."


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed brightly as he sensed the unspoken implication of Mo Yao’s words, immediately asking: "From your words, couldn’t all killer moves turn into Gu houses?"


 "Of course." Mo Yao unhesitatingly replied, "Man is the spirit of all living beings while Gu is the essence of the world, carrier of the Great Dao. A Gu worm has one ability. What is a killer move? It is an assembly of different Gu worms stacking their abilities; it can raise the strength of one ability to a very high level or produce multiple abilities which can handle different aspects."


 Mo Yao did not explain further, whether Fang Yuan could have some comprehension from this was his own matter.


 Fang Yuan stared blankly, inspirations started flashing incessantly in his mind!


 Mo Yao’s words seemed to pierce through a paper window, allowing his insight to rise to a whole new height.


 "Right! A Gu house’s essence is a killer move which has solidified. For example, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building can be compared with Water Pavilion. The former covers the Imperial Court, influences northern plains, plunders resources and holds inheritances. The latter can be concealed, and has the ability of defense and storage. These functions were not provided by just a single Gu worm, but were the result of Gu Masters assembling these Gu worms."


 "From another perspective, a Gu house is just one form of manifestation of a killer move. Since six arm heavenly zombie king can only take effect on me, one person, why can it not form into a Gu house and simultaneously take effect on many people?"


 At this thought, Fang Yuan looked ahead.


 In the Gu house, those Gu Master captives’ bodies were already beginning to show changes.


 "Wha... what is happening to me?!" Everyone was shouting in fright as they saw golden scales growing out rapidly on their skin.


 "Ahhh, it is painful, it is painful!""It itches, it is too itchy, I can’t endure this, just kill me!" Soon, they fell down to the ground one after another; some madly grabbed their skin and tore off their clothes, while others bent their body like shrimps, covering their chest tightly as blood flowed out of their mouth and nose.


 "This, what is this thing? Why is there a monstrous arm growing out of my back!" Not long later, the alarmed screams reached the peak, the soundwaves even shaking the roof.


 All sorts of arms started growing one after another; some were dark green, some dark purple, some yellow, and their thicknesses were also different, the deformities looking very unsightly.


 But Fang Yuan had never bothered with these minor details to external appearance, his eyes slightly squinted when he felt the dangerous aura the Gu Masters started releasing; he felt very happy as well as apprehensive —


 "Mo Yao’s understanding of killer moves is extremely profound. But why do others have no such comprehension? Is it because most Gu Masters and even Gu Immortals don’t have the skill to casually transform killer moves into Gu houses? Refinement path grandmaster... this is truly a terrifying realm!"



***
Chapter 574: Mo Yao’s weakness


***





 Chapter 574: Mo Yao’s weakness


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the deeply secluded hall, only Fang Yuan was standing.


 There was a deathly silence.


 The faint yellow light merged into one, forming the shape of a Gu house, inside the house of light was a floor of corpses.


 Almost two hundred Gu Masters died a terrible death.


 Among these corpses, some had scales on their bodies, some were hard as steel, some grew weird limbs and had a grimacing expression, some self-detonated and caused their broken limbs to fly all over the place.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim, he questioned Mo Yao in his mind: "This is the killer move that you thought of?"


 Mo Yao replied with unphased confidence: "These Gu Masters were certainly going to die. Six arm heavenly zombie king is a strength path killer move, it has high requirements towards the body. Now it seems, even with your strength path foundation, it is unable to endure such an intense move."


 Fang Yuan scoffed, expressing his unhappiness: "This is your explanation? You think I could not tell? This killer move has so many flaws, initially fifty to sixty people died, midway about a hundred had died, and towards the end we were only left with six to seven Gu Masters. There are at least seventeen flaws! Do not forget that we have an agreement."


 "Hehehe." Mo Yao chuckled, she felt nothing from being threatened, as she replied: "Little brother, don’t be so rash, six arm heavenly zombie king has only been created roughly, it is normal to have flaws. As we continue to improve on it, it will eventually meet our expectations."


 She replied to Fang Yuan as she thought: "This lad is not simple, he could detect seventeen flaws... with his refinement master attainment, he should only be able to find eleven at most, it seems that his strength path attainment has also reached the edge of master level."


 Mo Yao did not know that Fang Yuan was playing mind games here.


 "I could only see seven flaws, I purposely added ten in order to probe her, it seems that this killer move’s flaws are more than just seventeen." Fang Yuan assessed in his mind.


 Mo Yao was testing out his level of attainment, but Fang Yuan was also probing her foundation as well.


 Six arm heavenly zombie king was full of flaws, all of the Gu Masters used for the experiment were dead, but Fang Yuan was happy instead of being worried.


 "Logically speaking, Mo Yao has refinement grandmaster attainment, even if it is a roughly made killer move, there cannot be so many flaws! But while Mo Yao is indeed a refinement grandmaster, this is only a part of her will that she left behind..."


 Fang Yuan’s compromise was real, but he had never given up on his goal to get rid of Mo Yao’s will.


 Through his current probing, he found out one weakness of Mo Yao’s will.


 "Although I am not familiar with wisdom path, I had spent a great fortune and bought much costly information from treasure yellow heaven, they are valuable knowledge."


 "Wisdom path seeks the path of knowledge, it is split into ’thought, ’will’, and ’emotion’. Thought is the foundation, when a person thinks, thoughts are created. When many thoughts are gathered, will is formed. With many wills intertwined, emotions would form. Thoughts are like weeds, they can be easily created or destroyed, will can be everchanging, firm as steel, empty like vacuum, or fierce like fire... As for emotions, they are like water, a small stream when thin, but cannot be cut easily or steered by reason. When deep, they will be like the sea, having great control and power over oneself."


 "Out of these three, emotion is the hardest to get rid of, while thoughts are most easily destroyed and created. I should be glad that what is inside my mind now is Mo Yao’s will and not Mo Yao’s emotions."


 "When a person thinks, thoughts are created. When thoughts collide, they either get destroyed or fuse. The eventual thought would be the result obtained from thinking. Then what about a portion of a person’s will? Hehehe."


 Fang Yuan thought of the brilliant part and he snickered in his heart continuously.


 Wills do not form by just gathering randomly scattered thoughts together. But will is truly the linking together of countless thoughts.


 When a will thinks about a question, it will use its own thoughts to fuse and create new thoughts, getting the results of their thinking.


 "Mo Yao is a refinement grandmaster, her will also inherited her grandmaster attainment, but the flaws created in thinking about six arm heavenly zombie king were not due to her limited abilities, but because she did not dare to think too deeply as she had to worry about her own safety."


 By now, Fang Yuan had discovered Mo Yao’s weakness!


 A living person would feel weakness in their body if they thought about things non-stop, not to mention a simple will?


 The more a will thinks, the more damaged they would get, and the weaker they would be.


 If Mo Yao was alive, the expenditure that her will incurs would be replenished by her main body. But now — Mo Yao was already dead!


 Why did her will sleep inside Water Pavilion, only awakening when Fang Yuan entered?


 That was because her will could not stay awake all the time, one thinks extensively when they are awake, the more she thought the weaker her will would be, and the faster it would perish.


 Look at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, this majestic rank eight Immortal Gu house, containing Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s will.


 Even for someone as strong as Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, the will that he left behind was also slumbering!


 Be it Giant Sun’s will or Mo Yao’s will, they were without a power source, they could not be replenished and could only weaken as time passed.


 "While my wisdom path attainment is low, I have the greatest advantage in that I am alive! At this point, I cannot contest with Mo Yao’s will, but as long as I have enough time to stall it out, I will definitely win."


 After pondering to this point, Fang Yuan stopped this train of thought.


 After all, Mo Yao’s will was inside his mind. Reflecting for overly long would create more thoughts, although he could use space thought Gu to hide them, there was no guarantee that Mo Yao would not find a way around it.


 "Sigh..."


 In the grand hall, Fang Yuan’s sigh could be heard.


 Mo Yao was a huge burden, Fang Yuan had to be wary all the time when he thinks.


 Originally, getting into Imperial Court blessed land and taking Immortal Gu Landscape As Before was already taxing on him, having to make so many considerations. Coupled with such a huge enemy now lurking inside his brain, Fang Yuan had to be very careful of the danger while attempting to solve it, every time he thought about a problem, he would have to mix in some random thoughts to conceal his intentions.


 This kind of thinking would be easily achieved in the past if his heart was calm. But now, Fang Yuan felt that it was very taxing, he felt a strong mental fatigue.


 Mo Yao’s will heard this sigh and misunderstood Fang Yuan, consoling: "Hehehe, little brother, you are so young, but already so hardworking, why are you sighing? I have revised the killer move, you need to change six Gu worms and add in three more."


 "Oh?" Fang Yuan’s brows rose, he said expressionlessly: "I am listening."


 Mo Yao told him the details.


 Fang Yuan had Hu Immortal blessed land in his possession, it was not a problem to connect to treasure yellow heaven and exchange for a few mortal Gu.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan instructed Ge Guang and Chang Ji You to secretly bring captured Gu Masters into the hall.


 Three days later, another round of human experimentation begun.


 The experiment’s result was better than earlier, but there were still flaws.


 Mo Yao summed up the results and gave another revised suggestion.


 Fang Yuan acted accordingly, he showed no impatience even after many rounds. He knew clearly: Mo Yao’s will had refinement grandmaster attainment, but the more she thought, the weaker she would be, the rounds of experiments were so that they could replace the strain on her thoughts by using test subjects.


 But even so, Mo Yao’s will had to think of the revision herself. When she thinks about this, thoughts would generate!


 The more she does this, the weaker her will would be.


 Fang Yuan did not intend to alarm her, he was prepared for a drawn out battle.


 After half a month, during the fifteenth experiment.


 In the hall, corpses were scattered everywhere.


 Fang Yuan kept the dozens of Gu worms used for six arm heavenly zombie king, looking around and giving a satisfied nod.


 The test subjects had low cultivation level, they could not endure such a strong killer move like six arm heavenly zombie king, they were sure to die.


 But how they died, and what happened to them after they died was the important thing.


 Right now, among these corpses, some has turned into zombies, some had yellow scales, some had six arms on their backs, some had sharp spiky scales, some had thick arms with bulging muscles, some had pitch-black claws on their hands, created by their sharp nails.


 "Six arm heavenly zombie king uses borrow strength Gu as the core, and the six flying zombie Gu as the foundation, with eighteen Gu as the complements. Strictly speaking, this is a transformation path killer move, gathering the zombie energy to turn a person into a flying zombie. That way, the Gu Master’s body becomes more than ten times as strong, and can hold even greater strength." Fang Yuan spoke slowly, concluding his gains from these previous days.


 "But precisely because of this, the zombie energy is extremely dense and the backlash of this killer move is very severe. Even if we had three life force type Gu among the complementing Gu worms, we can only sustain the killer move for seven minutes. That’s about it, right?" Fang Yuan asked Mo Yao’s will in his mind.


 Mo Yao laughed: "Little brother makes much sense, that is true indeed. Using borrow strength Gu to borrow the strength of the natural phenomena in heaven and earth, but even a rank five strength path expert cannot use it casually. Thus, I thought of using a zombie body as the strength of a zombie body surpasses living flesh, it has great regenerative abilities and complements borrow strength Gu really well."


 "But Gu Masters are alive, while zombie energy is the power of the dead, the longer you maintain the six arm heavenly zombie king transformation, the more zombie energy would be in your body, and when it devours your lifeforce, you will turn into a zombie completely, unable to change back. That is the backlash of this killer move."


 "Sigh, life force and death energy, they are entirely distinct from each other and like archenemies. The fusion of life and death is also an age old question, it is out of my capabilities. It was my limit to place three life force boosting Gu worms in the killer move. If we put more of these Gu, it will disrupt the zombie energy and the killer move’s power will fall, or even completely collapse. If we use too few of them, the time you can use this transformation will shrink, and it will turn into an impractical move."


 Fang Yuan heard this and nodded on the surface, expressing his agreement, but he was chuckling in his heart.


 These words from Mo Yao were a suspicious change in topic.


 The fusion of life and death was indeed an age old question, there had never been a case of a person being simultaneously dead and alive, the two could not co-exist.


 But Mo Yao was a refinement grandmaster, could she not think of any other killer moves?


 Why must she use six arm heavenly zombie king? That was because this could greatly reduce the thinking she had to do, since Fang Yuan provided the base of the killer move ’four arm wind king’, she just had to improve on it.


 Fang Yuan was almost certain, with her grandmaster attainment, Mo Yao could easily start all over again and think of a brand new killer move.


 "Mo Yao is a variant human, she is an inkman. As someone of a different race, she definitely has a different standpoint. These days, we used up to a thousand Gu Masters to experiment, she is a righteous path person, the fairy of Spirit Affinity House, but she watched coldly by the side. Her lover is the great Sword Immortal Bo Qing, it seems that within her affection, there was also the element of being attracted to the strong?"


 Bo Qing was the ’pseudo-Immortal Venerable who split the five regions with his sword’, compared to him, Fang Yuan was only a mortal, in Mo Yao’s heart, was he about the same as those test subjects who died?


 "Thus, in this world, one has to depend on themselves. Only you yourself are the most reliable person." Fang Yuan sneered in his heart, but he did not point it out, he asked Mo Yao instead: "So, has the killer move six arm heavenly zombie king been completed?"


 Mo Yao shook her head: "Not yet, we only experimented on low rank Gu Masters, we still need high rank Gu Masters, preferably rank five, if they are a strength path rank five, that would be the best."


 "Rank five strength path?" Fang Yuan frowned, other than himself, there was nobody he knew who met the criteria.


 Fang Yuan shook his head, he decided to put this matter aside: "No rush, I have already obtained the materials for ink transformation. It is time to explore Eighty-Eight True Yang Building again!"



***
Chapter 575: Entering True Yang Building again


***





 Chapter 575: Entering True Yang Building again


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan entered the central control room once again.


 As the name implied, the central control room was the important control center of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The secret room was round and its walls were flickering with starlight, with a white jade round table at the center. There was an exquisite model of the whole Imperial Court blessed land on the round table, just like a military sand table.


 Not only did it depict mountains and rivers and the sacred palace at the center, even the small towers in the blessed land were clearly visible.


 "I have returned once again." In Fang Yuan’s mind, Mo Yao’s will sighed with deep emotions.


 Fang Yuan ignored her and looked towards the white jade round table.


 He had first used the guest token to enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, then passed with high grade evaluation which allowed him to enter the treasure room. He then refined the guest halt stele and found the glass owner token, using it, he then entered the central control room.


 But because of Di Qiu inheritance, he chose to momentarily halt his plans for Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, eventually refining calamity beckoning Gu.


 All in all, Di Qiu inheritance provided both benefits and harm to Fang Yuan. Fang Yuan was able to obtain an Immortal Gu, but its ability was quite unique in that it harmed oneself to benefit others.


 And then there was Mo Yao’s will which had sneaked into his mind; Fang Yuan could not get rid of it and as such the internal pressure on him was huge. But undeniably, the pointers given by Mo Yao’s will reaped him much gains, not mentioning the insights regarding refinement path, just the six arm heavenly zombie king and ink transformation killer moves along with the improved earth chief zombie Gu recipe were extremely valuable!


 Besides these, there was also an enormous benefit; Mo Yao’s will would be of huge help to Fang Yuan’s plans in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 After all, Mo Yao was a refinement path grandmaster who had researched Eighty-Eight True Yang Building in-depth. She was a legendary character who, back then, had infiltrated into Imperial Court blessed land and created a loophole where she set up Di Qiu inheritance!


 Fang Yuan had his previous life’s memories along with the video of the central continent Gu Immortals attacking Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he also had first hand information from Lang Ya land spirit and now, a great assistant was with him in the form of Mo Yao’s will.


 As such, he was fully confident in this trip.


 But shortly after, his gaze paused as he let out a surprised gasp.


 He clearly remembered that the sand table on the round table had been covered with a layer of sticky black liquid and the black liquid had formed into a whirlpool which then slowly entered towards a hole in the sand table.


 This hole was none other than the location of Di Qiu inheritance.


 But now, there was no trace of the black liquid on the sand table and the location of the Di Qiu inheritance was also completely restored in the sand table, with no trace of any hole.


 This sight was like a heavy punch to Fang Yuan’s confidence.


 His mind was jolted and as he was about to make guesses, Mo Yao’s will chuckled, already knowing his intent: "If there are gains, there will be losses as well. Little brother, you have already taken Di Qiu inheritance, and with Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s might, it was bound to have fixed that flaw; the cave in Di Qiu inheritance exists no longer and a small tower should have been reinstated there."


 "Without the loophole, how can I refine the glass owner token into one-edge owner token?" Fang Yuan asked for advice.


 "If there is no loophole, then just create a new one." Mo Yao proudly smiled, "Why did I impart you the refinement path killer move ink transformation? You should have already guessed it, the black liquid covering the sand table you saw back then was caused by ink transformation killer move."


 "If there is no loophole, make a new one?" Mo Yao’s words revealed the bearings of a refinement path grandmaster, causing Fang Yuan to raise his brows.


 Although it sounded easy from her words, how should he create the loophole?


 At least, Fang Yuan who was a refinement path master did not have such ability.


 Mo Yao continued: "The loophole cannot be casually created. Carelessly doing it will only awaken the slumbering Giant Sun’s will. If his will awakens, then we will face a tragic end. Fortunately, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building has gone through many changes, it is already no longer as perfect as before, time has created all kinds of blemishes in it; back then, I chose the Di Qiu location because the blemish in it was the largest."


 "So it was like that." Fang Yuan nodded, inwardly happy.


 Mo Yao’s will was like a water without a source, if they wanted to look for the blemishes and the loopholes, it would require large amounts of thinking, and this would cause her will to be greatly exhausted.


 But Mo Yao did not satisfy Fang Yuan’s intention and instead said: "Little brother, use your mind to explore the sand table according to my instructions, I will tell you the secrets of the workings of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and help you find the blemishes."


 "Okay." Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed.


 This action of Mo Yao was not out of his expectation.


 She cherished her existence, but it was okay that she was not thinking. Fang Yuan could use this chance to learn from her and increase his understanding of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The marvels of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building were extraordinary; as Fang Yuan entered the sand table with his mind, he felt like he was a small boat on an ocean, only sensing its limitless and unfathomable vastness. Every corner and side of it was a lesson to be learned and pondered upon.


 He instantly felt that he was a minute existence and gasped in amazement.


 According to Mo Yao’s directions, Fang Yuan found a total of fifty-four blemishes, and thirteen blemishes among them were relatively larger, forming into flaws that were comparable to the Di Qiu location before.


 This result made Mo Yao sigh: "So many years have gone by and even Eighty-Eight True Yang Building cannot escape the damage from the river of time. Thinking of back then, I could only find thirty-eight blemishes with only six that had formed into flaws."


 Pausing for a moment, she then continued to give directions to Fang Yuan: "Little brother, now you can use the killer move ink transformation to refine these several flaws."


 Fang Yuan followed her words and with frequent shifting of his mind, over eight hundred Gu flew out of his aperture.


 There were Gu worms from rank one to rank five of metal, wood, water, earth, rule, soul, blood and other paths, among these dark path was of primary importance.


 Although they were all mortal Gu, but for ten or so Gu worms among them, some were already extinct during Medieval Antiquity Era and some even went as far back as Remote Antiquity Era. Thus, they were extremely rare and were completely extinct from the five regions, with only some Gu Immortals having them in their collections.


 Fang Yuan had to spend a considerable amount for these Gu worms, spending at least one and a half immortal essence stones.


 Immortal essence stones were extremely valuable and could directly replenish a Gu Immortal’s immortal essence and help them cultivate. At the same time, they were also a currency used by Gu Immortals.


 Even during Fang Yuan’s peak period in his previous life, he had only been able to collect just over sixty immortal essence stones.


 In this life, he gained profits from risk, and since obtaining Hu Immortal blessed land, his highest amount of savings was twelve immortal essence stones.


 Now, he only had two immortal essence stones left.


 There was nothing he could do about it, too many fields required the use of immortal essence stones.


 Purchasing wolf groups, gathering the intel on wisdom path, purchasing Gu worms and so on, all required immortal essence stones.


 Close to a thousand Gu worms fluttered about in the air, like a light drizzle.


 Fang Yuan put all his concentration in commanding and arranging these Gu worms and when the time was ripe, he shouted softly: "Ink transformation!"


 The Gu worms turned into a dark cloud and rain started falling down from the cloud and made pitter-patter sounds as they hit the sand table, turning into drops of inky liquid.


 The ink drops started to add up slowly and covered the whole sand table.


 Fang Yuan’s concentration was gathered towards a specific flaw, urging the inky liquid to flow towards the flaw.


 The primeval essence of a rank five peak stage aperture rapidly decreased, and the inky liquid was also exhausted by over half before it was able to break through a layer of indistinct obstruction and formed into a whirlpool, slowly pouring into the hole in the sand table.


 At this scene, Mo Yao spoke: "Throw in your glass owner token."


 Fang Yuan did as told and threw in the glass owner token.


 The glass owner token sank into the inky whirlpool with no trace to be seen, the inky liquid also started being consumed even more rapidly. After about an hour, the dark cloud was the first to dissipate. After four hours, the inky liquid disappeared completely, and a completely new owner token slowly flew out of the hole.


 Fang Yuan grabbed this owner token that had already changed its appearance. On the edge of the previous surface, a sharp protrusion appeared like a horn.


 "One-edge owner token, sure enough fits its name." Fang Yuan mumbled.


 "In Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, after a descendant of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable passes a floor, the owner token will advance into one-edge owner token and be able to grasp control of a floor. At the same time, the descendant can enter the treasure room and take a treasure within, without the need to exchange. If the descendant can pass through ten floors, the owner token will become a ten-edges owner token which allows the descendant to retrieve a Giant Sun inheritance from the treasure room." Mo Yao introduced.


 "Giant Sun inheritance?" Fang Yuan’s heart thumped in excitement.


 Mo Yao continued: "Right, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable made arrangements for his descendants, arranged the rules of the Imperial Court contest, set up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and left behind eighty-eight inheritances in it. An Immortal Venerable’s inheritance is naturally not a small thing. But in history, the Imperial Court winners who were able to pass ten floors were extremely few. When I was alive, there were still fifty-three inheritances left out of eighty eight, I am not sure how many remain now."


 "Hehehe, speaking of this, even I am envious of your luck. There are altogether thirteen flaws we found. Every flaw after the ink transformation can advance the owner token by one edge. If you can use them all, you will obtain a thirteen-edges owner token and can totally take a Giant Sun inheritance! Sigh, it is not like back then, when there only were six flaws."


 When Fang Yuan heard this, his fiery heart felt like it was doused with a basin of cold water, he bitterly laughly: "Using all the flaws? I won’t conceal it from you, I only have two immortal essence stones now, I can only support one more ink transformation killer move."


 "Oh, it was like that?" Mo Yao’s gaze flashed.


 While Fang Yuan was probing her, she was also probing Fang Yuan.


 Immortal essence stones were one of the important standards of evaluating Gu Immortals. Fang Yuan might still be a mortal but with Hu Immortal blessed land, he was already treated as half an immortal in Mo Yao’s heart.


 "So this kid only has two Immortal essence stones? Are his words true or a lie?...It should be the truth. The temptations of Giant Sun’s inheritance is not something normal people can resist. He is a refinement path master, he naturally knows the more flaws he refines and the higher grade his owner token is, the more convenient it will be for his plans towards Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. The most crucial point is I am hiding in his mind, it will be impossible for him to hide from me and secretly refine them."


 "Now, he would ask for help from the forces behind him. Hmph, this brat conceals too deeply, he will have to reveal his background at that time, and I will be able to know a thing or two."


 While thinking this, Mo Yao had a pleasant and benign expression as she gave an idea to Fang Yuan: "There is no need to hurry. Owner tokens can mutually annex each other. As long as you annex the current alliance leader Hei Lou Lan’s owner token, who is to say you might not be able to gather ten edges?"


 She indeed lived up to the name Mo Yao, knowing so many behind-the-scenes details.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze turned sharp and he intentionally said in a higher voice: "You want to make me go against Hei Lou Lan? Are you thinking of pushing me to my death? Although Hei Lou Lan is easy to deal with, the Hei tribe behind him is a super level force with many Gu Immortals looking after him!"


 "Hey, you are an audacious lad, you can disguise your identity to infiltrate Imperial Court and yet you are afraid of mere Hei Lou Lan? Moreover, I did not say you have to kill him, you only need to take the owner token from his hands, that’s all."


 Fang Yuan’s gaze changed: "Hei Lou Lan cannot be killed, killing him is like poking a hornet’s nest, Hei tribe is not something I currently can provoke. But that owner token, he definitely treasures it as dearly as his life. Tell me, what should I do?"


 ’Can’t provoke currently, isn’t he saying it might be a different case in the future? This kid’s ambition is truly big...’ Mo Yao acutely sensed the key word in Fang Yuan’s speech.


 As for the problem Fang Yuan mentioned, she did not want to think too much, so she spread out her hands in Fang Yuan’s mind: "How you take the owner token from him is your problem."



***
Chapter 576: Killer Move Reward


***





 Chapter 576: Killer Move Reward


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 "Kill!"


 "Damn it, another myriad beast king!"


 In the huge desert, the heat in the air was distorting one’s vision, as sandworms crawled out from underneath the golden sand terrain.


 The Gu Masters were occupying the small area of a sand dune, desperately defending themselves.


 This was Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s seventh floor, the eighty-ninth round.


 Every round was a new area entirely, filled with all sorts of tests.


 A sandworm myriad beast king entered the battle, causing ripples to form in the Gu Masters’ defenses.


 "Hold on, just forty-five minutes more and we will get through this round!" Sole Blade General Pan Ping shouted as he tried to boost morale.


 He was a demonic Gu Master who had joined Hei tribe to become their external elder.


 He had great battle strength, but this round was focused on defense.


 It required the challengers to stay on the specified dune for twelve hours, facing the attacks of the sandworms in waves. Unlike Gu Immortals, mortals had limited strength alone, thus it was the best if more people challenged the round.


 But Pan Ping’s words had little effect.


 By now, there were great losses to the Gu Masters, they were all tired and reaching their limits.


 "The f*ck, another myriad beast king, how are we going to survive?" Big Beard wiped the blood and sweat off his face as he shouted.


 Nobody knew his real name, because his beard was really thick, he was simply called ’Big Beard’.


 In the earlier rounds, he had gotten through the sixth floor’s eighteenth round, thus becoming a little famous from his previously unknown background.


 He was originally a rank two Gu Master, as common as a pebble in the sacred palace, a true fodder, but because of the reward for clearing the round, he rose to rank three realm.


 It was different when a Gu Master becomes rank three.


 Rank two were common, rank three were rare, they were mostly elders.


 When Big Beard became rank three, his situation improved, and his high quality primeval essence caused his battle strength to surge, allowing him to obtain more battle rewards. Not only this, many middle-sized tribes gave him an offer to join — small tribes could not afford to have an external elder while large tribes had no use for him.


 "This is the eighty-ninth round, if we get through this, the reward will be shocking! People like us will not obtain it, but the reward for the mission would allow me to obtain two rank three Gu."


 Big Beard thought about this and his heart was burning with desire, as he battled, he looked at the higher-ups on the peak of the dune.


 It was them who sent out this mission, gathering a thousand Gu Masters to get through this difficult round.


 The sandworm myriad beast king rushed into the defensive line, engaging in fierce combat. Golden light, rain of arrows, flames, all sorts of attacks were unleashed on the myriad beast king, but the beast king’s body shone with a yellow luster, as its defense rose and blocked these attacks easily.


 It growled continuously, as it whipped up a storm while barging into the people’s territory.


 Chang Biao stood on the mound, frowning.


 "The situation is a little out of hand." He spoke: "This myriad beast king has a rank five golden armor Gu, if we allow it to continue rampaging, our defenses would crumble."


 By now, this was the ninth myriad beast king.


 According to the Gu worms on the myriad beast kings, their battle strengths differed. This myriad beast king was comparatively problematic because of the good quality defensive Gu in it, but it did not have a strong area of effect attack.


 In such a situation, usually Gu Master experts would choose to strike it themselves as that is the only way to hurt it.


 After all, soldiers fight soldiers and generals fight generals.


 Chang Biao had this intention as well.


 Ma Ying Jie who was standing beside him stood up and spoke: "Then I shall do it."


 No one objected.


 During the appearance of the myriad beast king, everyone took turns to strike, this was what they agreed on, and according to the order, it was Ma Ying Jie’s turn.


 He was the worthily famous Ma Ying Jie indeed, when he personally struck, he led the pegasus group and easily blocked the sandworm myriad beast king, stabilizing the situation.


 "Young Ma Zun is really impressive." On the sand dune, everyone praised.


 "Brother Chang, what do you think of Ma Ying Jie?" Pan Ping secretly asked by transmitting his voice.


 Ma Ying Jie was once Ma tribe’s young tribe leader, his teacher was Ma Zun and after Ma tribe failed, Hei Lou Lan forced them to submit causing the current Ma tribe to be weak, only being a mid-sized tribe.


 Chang Biao knew what Pan Ping was saying, he wanted to recruit Ma Ying Jie into becoming a member of the Wolf Killing Alliance.


 The Wolf Killing Alliance was a secret organisation to deal with Fang Yuan.


 After Pan Ping’s inheritance was snatched by Fang Yuan on Xing Jiu peak, he felt extreme hatred on the inside and wanted to take revenge.


 Chang Biao had the grudge of Chang Shan Yin taking his wife, it was absolutely irreconcilable.


 Fang Yuan had incredible power, he could contest with Hei Lou Lan. Even though Pan Ping and Chang Biao had great gains in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and obtained much rewards, both being rank four peak stage now, they had a low chance of success in dealing with Fang Yuan, thus they needed more help.


 Seeing Chang Biao keeping silent, Pan Ping continued: "Ma tribe lost terribly because of Chang Shan Yin! Ma Ying Jie’s teacher Ma Zun was killed by him as well, he and Chang Shan Yin have a huge grudge too."


 But Chang Biao shook his head, transmitting: "No, Ma Ying Jie is a very determined person, but he is also a great leader. In my opinion, he has placed all his efforts on his tribe now, trying to revitalize the dying Ma tribe, he would not oppose the Wolf King if his intention is this. In fact, he might try to mend their relationship. Wolf King has a huge force, our biggest advantage is that we are a secret organisation, we cannot recruit people recklessly, if not, we will expose ourselves."


 Pan Ping was not willing to give up, he continued urging: "Brother Chang, how can we as high achievers worry so much?! Chang Shan Yin is a scoundrel, he has his myriad wolves to defend him, in the future when we fight, our strength might be drained by the wolf group. Don’t forget about this person’s high attainment in strength path! Ma Ying Jie controls a horse group, he is called Little Ma Zun now, he has the talent to become an enslavement master, we need such experts to deal with the wolf group."


 Chang Biao gave Pan Ping a look, feeling unhappy.


 Pan Ping was a demonic Gu Master, he was called Sole Blade General, he acted without restraints and was daring and cruel. This was foolishness and rashness in Chang Biao’s opinion, he could not achieve anything in life.


 Actually, Pan Ping was unhappy too, he felt that Chang Biao was too restricted, he worried too much and was not a true hero.


 This was the difference in their personality.


 Chang Biao was good at enduring, back then when plotting against Chang Shan Yin, he used another person to achieve his aims. He also loved his reputation, after so many years, he did not dare to acknowledge his son Chang Ji You.


 As for Pan Ping, from the Imperial Court contest when he challenged the armies and rushed forward in battle, one could see his personality.


 But despite their differences, be it Pan Ping or Chang Biao, they could tolerate each other because they understood clearly that Wolf King was not someone they could deal with alone.


 "Pan Ping is from the demonic path, how can he understand the thoughts of us righteous path characters! He wants to take in Ma Ying Jie? Hmph, wishful thinking! The moment we tell him about the Wolf Killing Alliance, we might get betrayed by him the next second, in order to appeal to the Wolf King. Sigh, how can I convince him?" Chang Biao sighed in his heart.


 But he was very witty, he immediately had a plan.


 He transmitted: "Brother Pan, Chang Shan Yin killed Ma Zun, but don’t forget, who was the one who killed Ma Ying Jie’s father?"


 "Urgh..." Pan Ping was stunned, he went into a daze.


 Ma Shang Feng was killed by Pan Ping during the chaotic battle in the end, because of that, he made a great merit and was given many rewards.


 The battle merit back then became his biggest obstacle in taking revenge now, this was something Pan Ping did not expect.


 But Pan Ping was an obstinate man, he said: "It is true that I killed his father, but that was due to the fight between two armies, we were fighting for our respective masters. Since Brother Chang thinks that Ma Ying Jie cares most about his tribe, I will believe this judgement. In that case, if we use this as the premise and assume that Wolf King is the biggest obstacle to Ma Ying Jie when he wants to restore his tribe, wouldn’t that be the best?"


 Once he said that, Chang Biao was stunned this time.


 He gave Pan Ping a look, thinking: "Wise people might have a moment of folly, while foolish people might have a moment of brilliance, to think that this Pan Ping would have a smart rebuttal for once."


 Immediately, his mind worked quickly as he assessed: "Indeed, there is a possibility of that. Ma Ying Jie’s weakness is Ma tribe! But how can we plan this so that Ma Ying Jie would willingly join the Wolf Killing Alliance?"


 Chang Biao thought of this and had an idea, remembering a small detail that he had heard of earlier.


 His gaze turned to the left defensive line.


 There was a young rank two Gu Master there.


 "He is Ma Hong Yun, he was originally Ma Ying Jie’s servant earlier, but now he is one of Ma Ying Jie’s most trusted aides. Not long ago, Wolf King hunted the earth chief beast group and Ma Hong Yun managed to escape with his life, he obtained not a small amount of battle gains and contributed it to Ma tribe, causing Ma Ying Jie to reward him with three green copper relic Gu, for his loyalty. He even returned all the Gu worms that were contributed, allowing Ma Hong Yun to keep them.


 "This lad’s luck is not bad! He managed to leave before Chang tribe and Ge tribe Gu Masters entered the battlefield, the green copper relic Gu is of considerable value too, after Ma tribe became weak, their morale was low and Ma Ying Jie used the green copper relic Gu that he could not use to demonstrate how his men could be rewarded by the act of a good role model."


 "Ma Hong Yun obtained the green copper relic Gu that he needed most, getting to rank two realm in one night, that speed is something not even I could compete with."


 Chang Biao thought of this and sighed at the mysteries of fate.


 Compared to Ma Hong Yun, Chang Biao had a much higher starting point, he had huge amounts of resources provided to him, but even so, Chang Biao took about ten times as long to advance to rank two.


 After all, green copper relic Gu were natural Gu, they were rare and produced at random places, it was thanks to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building that Ma Ying Jie obtained them as a reward.


 "This lad Ma Hong Yun had prospered due to Chang Shan Yin, earlier, Chang Shan Yin had ordered Chang tribe and Ge tribe to capture some of the Gu Masters who tried to take advantage of the situation, what will happen if I release this information?"


 Chang Biao pondered.


 "No... just Ma Hong Yun, who is a rank two Gu Master, would be an ant in Chang Shan Yin’s eyes. He is still too weak, there is no point in reporting him. Furthermore, Ma Ying Jie will not deal with Chang Shan Yin just because of this tiny Ma Hong Yun. We should continuing planning and waiting for this..."


 Forty-five minutes later, the sand dune erupted into cheers.


 "Victory, victory!"


 "It was not easy, we finally got through."


 "I wonder what the reward for this round is?"


 Many curious gazes landed on Chang Biao, Pan Ping, Ma Ying Jie and others.


 After passing this round, Chang Biao and the others’ apertures suddenly had many new Gu worms.


 Among them was an east window Gu, storing information.


 "Six arm heavenly zombie king?" Chang Biao, Pan Ping, and Ma Ying Jie checked this information and looked at each other.


 They had differing expressions.


 To think that the reward would be a strength path killer move, according to the description, this killer move’s power was phenomenal!



***
Chapter 577: Young Master, save me...


***





 Chapter 577: Young Master, save me...


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bam!


 A silhouette flew out like lightning, six arms were like heavy cannons crushing a huge helmet crab to death.


 At once, fresh blood spewed in this secret room as limbs flew everywhere.


 "Hahaha." Pan Ping combed his messy hair, laughing loudly as he ignored the blood and carcasses on the ground.


 "Awesome, amazing! This six arm heavenly zombie king killer move is really amazing! Using the zombie body to avoid requiring my insufficient background in strength path, thus even with my mild cultivation in strength path, I can still use it."


 Pan Ping’s eyes shone brilliantly as he talked to himself, pondering about the killer move.


 He was born from the demonic path, he lacked resources and did not have enough creativity, thus he had never owned a killer move. But one did not need to know how to cook in order to eat, after roaming in northern plains for so many years, Pan Ping’s vision had expanded and he knew that this killer move ’six arm heavenly zombie king’ really had what was in the description — unparalleled strength!


 "As long as I have this, my chances of dealing with Wolf King will be higher by ten percent! Wolf King has a strength path killer move, but so do I! Wolf King, don’t be arrogant, one day, I will return all the humiliation that you inflicted onto me by tenfold!" Pan Ping gritted his teeth, his eyes shining with hatred.


 At the same time, Chang Biao was also testing this killer move.


 "As expected of a reward from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, this killer move is too strong!"


 The power of the killer move was very shocking to Chang Biao as well.


 "If I have to mention a flaw, it would be that the appearance is too ugly and evil..." Chang Biao looked at the mirror with a dark gaze.


 The Chang Biao in the mirror had green-grey skin, fangs were growing out of his mouth and his eyes were yellow. He has green-red messy hair, looking very horrifying. Especially the six monstrous arms on his back, they were of different shapes and sizes, each were ruthless looking and made people feel a chill when they saw them.


 Pan Ping originated from the demonic path, he often lacked resources and lived in terrible conditions, with survival as his main goal, he did not care about appearance or image.


 But Chang Biao was different.


 He was born in Chang tribe, he was like a noble, a reputable figure in the righteous path, he loved his appearance and placed emphasis on his reputation, if he were to show this appearance to people, he would feel very uncomfortable in his heart.


 "However, although this form is ugly, I can only resort to this when dealing with Chang Shan Yin!" Thinking of Fang Yuan, Chang Biao made up his mind.


 "To speak the truth, this move is quite similar to his strength path killer move. His killer move creates four arms on his back, together with his actual arms, he would have six in total. Meanwhile, my killer move creates six arms, I would have eight in total. This is a difference in appearance, but also shows that my killer move is stronger than his by a level."


 Chang Biao was assessing in his heart, his impression of Fang Yuan’s killer move was still the one in the Imperial Court contest.


 Suddenly, Chang Biao had an inspiration, he had a guess: "This is quite the coincidence, the two killer moves are so alike... maybe, my version is the original, and what Chang Shan Yin got by chance was only a remnant version that was passed on outside."


 The more he thought about it, the more he confirmed his guess.


 "Chang Shan Yin is already an enslavement master, with his talent in enslavement path, how can he also have such talent in strength path? Hehehe, in the future when I get rid of him, I wonder what expression he will make when he sees my killer move? I am looking forward to it."


 Thinking so, Chang Biao’s lips curled into a smile.


 Right at this moment, a servant came and told him Pan Ping had arrived.


 Chang Biao’s mind clicked and he knew what Pan Ping’s intention was, he instructed: "Bring him to my study room, attend to him with good tea, I will be there shortly."


 Because he was testing the killer move, Chang Biao’s clothes were tattered.


 After changing his clothes, he came to the study and saw that Pan Ping was gulping the tea that was served to him.


 "What a waste of my good tea." Chang Biao sneered in his heart, before cupping his fists and calling out: "Brother Pan, you look especially happy today, there has been progress in the testing of the killer move?"


 "Hahaha, Brother Chang is right, that is exactly so. This killer move is simply outstanding." Pan Ping laughed loudly before changing the topic: "However, there are some problems with this killer move, I tested it for three times, and every time after I end the transformation, I would feel a great pain in my stomach area. In fact, the pain gets worse the more I use it. Is this the backlash of the killer move?"


 "Oh?" Chang Biao heard this and his gaze concentrated: "My symptoms are different from you, you have a stomach ache while I feel dizziness, even temporary deafness and blindness. I was going to find you to discuss this problem."


 The two talked about the issue, but they did not gain any insights.


 They were neither expert strength path cultivators nor refinement masters, their so-called discussion was only based on their own experiments, they could not get to the root of the issue.


 Pan Ping suggested: "There are three other people who cleared the round along with us. Why don’t we invite them over as well to discuss this matter. Relationships are built by interaction, once our relationship improves, we can invite them to join the Wolf Killing Alliance!"


 Pan Ping was adamant on recruiting more members into their alliance, Chang Biao laughed as he said vaguely: "I have plans for this already, it will take effect in the next few days."


 ...


 Imperial Court blessed land. A thousand li away from the sacred palace.


 In the lush and green forest, a group of Gu Masters were carefully moving ahead.


 Crack.


 With a light, crisp sound, Ma Hong Yun accidentally stepped on a twig.


 Everyone’s movements stopped, they sent their angry and frightened gazes towards him.


 "You idiot! How many times have we told you to notice what you step on, look down!" The group leader suppressed his volume as he chided with his eyes wide open.


 "Sorry, sorry, I did not mean to do that!" Ma Hong Yun quickly apologised.


 "Shut up, shut up!"


 "Shush, quiet, you idiot!"


 The Gu Masters nearby were anxious, the people near Ma Hong Yun even covered his mouth quickly in fear.


 The leader’s expression was solemn, he was anxious and some killing intent leaked: "All of you shut up. If you alert the iron beak bird group, we will be finished. We are only here to steal the eggs this time, we are retreating once we do that, I will personally kill whoever ruins this!"


 The leader was the only rank three Gu Master here, he had the greatest strength and naturally, authority.


 Hearing his words, everyone nodded quickly, including Ma Hong Yun.


 The leader looked around, his gaze paused at Ma Hong Yun for a second as he gave him a fierce stare, deciding in his heart: "Once we go back, I am kicking this idiot from the group. So what if he has rank two strength? I must be blind, looking at how complementary his Gu worms were, I agreed to let him into the group. If a Gu Master is stupid to this degree, so what if he has good Gu worms?"


 Swoosh!


 Right at this moment, there was a sound that resembled waves in the forest.


 Largest numbers of iron beak birds flapped their wings as they soared into the sky from the tree branches.


 The Gu Masters who saw this felt that they had sunk into an icy abyss.


 "What’s going on?"


 "Oh no, the birds were alerted! Quickly run!"


 "Ma Hong Yun, it is all your fault, if I survive this, I will definitely settle the score with you!!"


 Everyone were frightened and anxious, some were furious.


 "No, the birds are flying south, it was not us who alerted them, it seems that there were others who accepted Chang tribe’s mission!" The leader saw the situation and was overjoyed, screaming uncontrollably.


 Everyone heard this and looked over, seeing this was the case, their moods changed.


 "Save, save us!" A group of Gu Masters were flying quickly, towards them.


 Looking at the densely packed bird group that were attracted over, the Gu Master’s eyes were almost popping out.


 "Don’t, don’t come over!" The leader shouted: "I will kill you first if you come closer!"


 "Leader, looking at their clothes, they are Chang tribesmen." Ma Hong Yun said hesitantly.


 The leader’s eyes were wide open as he wanted to bash this guy up, shouting: "You idiot, do you still want your life? Go save them if you want to die!"


 Ma Hong Yun thought of the time when they faced the earth chief beast group.


 He only wanted to remind Jiang Dong, but he was nearly killed as a result.


 "If not for my good luck..." Ma Hong Yun thought of this and shuddered, asking the leader: "What should we do?"


 The leader gritted his teeth, seeing that the Chang tribe Gu Masters were not listening, rushing over intentionally, he stomped his foot: "What can we do? Split up and run!"


 Everyone split up at once, as Ma Hong Yun was in a daze, quickly choosing a direction and running for his life when he realized what was going on.


 "Lord, that is Ma Hong Yun, Ma Ying Jie’s confidant." The Chang tribe Gu Masters who were running away might look pathetic, but they were all cool headed and had no fear.


 Chang tribe group’s leader was Chang Biao’s confidant, he looked at Ma Hong Yun’s figure as he was shocked: "Is this guy a fool? He is not using his movement Gu?"


 Chang tribe was scheming, they naturally got all the details of Ma Hong Yun, they knew that he had a complete set of high quality rank two Gu worms.


 "I, I am going to be caught, damn it, why are they so fast? They used a movement Gu, ah! Right, right, I have a movement Gu too!" As he ran, Ma Hong Yun patted his forehead as he quickly used his movement Gu, his speed rising drastically.


 "He finally remembered, eh? Why is he still running towards the left?" The leader was shocked.


 He did not know that Ma Hong Yun had a terrible sense of direction, back when Fei tribe was in turmoil, his father sacrificed himself to give him time to run, but he ran in a circle and turned back to the same spot.


 Because of Ma Hong Yun’s actions, the situation became more serious.


 The leader quickly instructed: "You, you, you, quickly catch up with Ma Hong Yun and protect him. In addition, ask Lady Chang Li to go ahead and prepare!"


 "Yes, lord."


 Even though the Chang tribe Gu Masters were elites, Ma Hong Yun’s random movement often got himself into dangerous situations, the Gu Masters had to attract the bird group while protecting him, they also had to avoid getting detected by him, it was a difficult position. Their plan which was guaranteed to succeed ended up with them sacrificing several elites!


 "Sa... save me..." Chang Li was lying on the ground, she was weak and feeble, looking very vulnerable. Her clothes were torn, revealing her alluring shoulder. Her hair was messy and she looked very pitiful, like a fearful rabbit.


 Ma Hong Yun ran over quickly, he was looking ahead as he desperately ran, he did not discover Chang Li at all!


 Chang Li was stunned, at the last moment, she reacted and stretched out her leg when Ma Hong Yun was about to pass her.


 Plop!


 Ma Hong Yun fell face flat, he turned around and was shocked.


 "What a beautiful lady..."


 He was a dummy normally, but he was also at the age of being attracted to girls.


 "Young master, please save me." Chang Li’s beautiful voice made Ma Hong Yun’s heart flutter.


 "Oh, oh." Ma Hong Yun quickly replied, after some fumbling, he carried Chang Li and ran.



***
Chapter 578: Connection by Marriage


***





 Chapter 578: Connection by Marriage


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 A day later.


 During an evening banquet.


 "A tribesman of your esteemed tribe saved my daughter, I, Chang Biao, am extremely grateful. This first cup is a toast to Ma tribe leader!" Chang Biao raised a wine cup.


 Ma Ying Jie quickly lifted his cup and modestly replied: "That was only a chance encounter. I had not expected her to be Lord Chang Biao’s beloved daughter, this is Hong Yun’s honor."


 "Hahaha." Chang Biao laughed heartily and drank the wine.


 Ma Ying Jie also followed suit and downed the wine.


 Ma Hong Yun who was sitting beside him had become the main character of the whole banquet at this moment and dozens of gazes gathered on him.


 Feeling these probing, curious and doubtful gazes, Ma Hong Yun felt a little uncomfortable.


 Chang Biao lightly placed down his wine cup and hinted Pan Ping who was beside him, with his eyes.


 As they had already discussed properly, Pan Ping understood the signal, and looked at Ma Hong Yun: "Virtuous junior, if I speak so, aren’t you like a hero saving the beauty?"


 "I.. I..." Ma Hong Yun hesitated, speechless.


 In truth, he also did not know how he had saved Chang Li. He had only been concerned about escaping from the endless iron beak birds chasing after him; the situation was so urgent, even if he had saved Chang Li, he did not think much.


 Pan Ping stared with his eyes wide open at Ma Hong Yun who looked like he would not start speaking even till the cows came home.


 Fortunately, Chang Biao had already calculated Ma Hong Yun’s nature in his plan and at this moment, his gaze moved towards a certain person in the banquet.


 This person immediately stood up and came to the center, cupping his fist towards Chang Biao: "Elder Chang Biao and all lords, I was one of the people involved in this matter and I was able to fortunately see the whole situation. Lord Ma Hong Yun is generous and modest, not claiming the credit and becoming arrogant, but I cannot endure a heroic deed being buried like this, so I summoned my courage by drinking to narrate the event to all lords."


 Hearing these words, everyone knew this person was someone who was good at speaking.


 Chang Biao nodded: "You can speak."


 This person spoke with confidence, adding plentiful emotions and speaking in a way that echoed and added to their effects; he narrated in such a vivid way that it portrayed Ma Hong Yun as an aloof hero with an unwavering mind, with brains and brawn, not afraid of dangers.


 As they listened to the narration, the crowd cheered and praised from time to time.


 Their gazes towards Ma Hong Yun also started to change, becoming respectful, warm or appreciative.


 Ma Hong Yun’s eyes were wide open as he listened to this seemingly heavenly tale. He was feeling incredulous: "Is this person talking about me? When did I become so amazing? Did he mistake me for somebody else?"


 There was one other person who did not dare to believe this - Ma Ying Jie.


 Ma Ying Jie was Ma tribe leader, an outstanding hero of this generation. He was familiar with Ma Hong Yun’s nature and character, how could he be deceived by these flowery words?


 He had a faint smile on his face, and also nodded at the appropriate timings, looking at Ma Hong Yun approvingly; his mind, however, was in a state of deep thought: ’If say, Ma Hong Yun saved Chang Li by luck, there is nothing strange about it. But why would elder Chang Biao send a phony to explain things for Ma Hong Yun? What is he planning? In this banquet, although there are tens of distinguished guests, but the true main characters are only two in number, Chang Biao and Pan Ping.’


 Ma Ying Jie was inwardly on guard.


 Ma tribe had lost in the Imperial Court contest, falling down from their peak. Ma Ying Jie’s master and father died in the battlefield, all these difficulties and setbacks caused Ma Ying Jie to quickly mature into an outstanding person.


 He was secretly guessing Chang Biao’s plan, but on the surface, he did not even bat an eyelid.


 The current Ma tribe was declining, while Chang tribe was like the sun in the noon sky because of Fang Yuan! Pan Ping left demonic path and turned to Hei tribe, and was now an external elder of Hei tribe.


 No matter which, they were both not people the current Ma tribe, the current Ma Ying Jie, could offend.


 "Good, good, good." After that person finished narrating Ma Hong Yun’s heroic deeds, Chang Biao repeatedly praised him.


 "Heroes indeed arise from young people." Chang Biao looked at Ma Hong Yun, not stinting on his praise.


 He paused, then continued: "Since ancient times, heroes love beauties and beauties are matched with heroes. I won’t conceal it from everyone, ever since my daughter was saved, she has been silent, taciturn and her mind seems to be drifting off. I inquired her of the reason and only then learned her heart was somewhere else, worrying about the young hero who had saved her during the time of danger. I held this banquet to express my gratitude and also because of this."


 The hall was in an uproar.


 Countless gazes, mixed with admiration, envy, shock or unconvinced feelings, turned towards Ma Hong Yun.


 "What bullshit luck does this kid have? He actually received Chang tribe’s young miss’ favor?"


 "Chang Li is beautiful and pleasant, who could have thought she would prefer such a foolish kid. Sigh, if I had known this earlier, I would have also gone to the forest of iron beak birds."


 "Chang Li might not be Chang Biao’s own daughter, but he had taken her in and cared for her since she was young, she has always received Chang Biao’s love and is a beloved daughter of elder Chang Biao. If this kid, Ma Hong Yun, marries Chang Li, his father-in-law would be Chang Biao!"


 Instantly, everyone’s mood surged.


 Ma Ying Jie quickly reacted from his shocked state and rapidly thought with some suspicions: ’Is this the reason for Chang Biao entertaining us with such great fanfare? Although there is the tale of the Night Elopement of Su Xian, but isn’t this going too well?"


 There were even better things to come.


 In front of everyone, Chang Biao took out two red steel relic Gu: "The new constantly replaces the old, Virtuous junior is a young hero of our northern plains, we cannot have him be unrewarded. These two red steel relic Gu are a little expression of my thanks to the benefactor, please accept them."


 The commotion in the hall increased even more.


 "Huh?" Ma Hong Yun quickly looked at Ma Ying Jie.


 Ma Ying Jie nodded and pointed out with a smile: "We cannot dare to reject senior’s gifts, Hong Yun, why are you not kowtowing and expressing your thanks?"


 Ma Hong Yun immediately walked forward and kowtowed: "Many thanks for Lord Chang Biao’s gift."


 Chang Biao laughed heartily and also walked forward, personally putting the two red steel relic Gu in Ma Hong Yun’s hand.


 Under everyone’s gazes, he amiably patted Ma Hong Yun’s hand and asked: "I wonder how virtuous junior feels about my daughter?"


 "Eh?" Ma Hong Yun raised his head with a flushed face, not knowing how to reply for a moment. After a while, he finally squeezed out a few words, "MIss Chang Li is beautiful, very beautiful."


 "Hahaha." Chang Biao threw his head back and laughed, "This is good, this is good. Virtuous junior, please return to your seat."


 They returned to their seats, and continued to enjoy the banquet.


 The banquet continued from evening to late at night; only then the hosts and the guests had enjoyed to their fill and started taking their leave.


 As the crowd dispersed, the matter of Chang tribe marrying off its daughter to the lucky kid Ma Hong Yun, also spread everywhere.


 On the second day, Chang Biao again invited Ma Ying Jie and Ma Hong Yun to a banquet. The scale of the banquet would be smaller this time and only a few people were invited.


 Ma Ying Jie gazed at the invitation card in his hand with a grave look.


 After returning back, he had not slept the whole night and was pondering over this matter.


 The small invitation card felt exceptionally heavy to him.


 He placed the invitation card on the table and called his servant: "Go, call Ma Hong Yun to see me."


 The servant immediately accepted the order and when he was arriving at Ma Hong Yun’s residence, Zhao Lian Yun was in the process of instructing Ma Hong Yun: "You fool, what kind of bullshit luck do you have? But this matter is so good that it instead makes it feel hollow. I think tribe leader Ma Ying Jie will definitely call you to ask about this. At that time, explain everything clearly in full detail, don’t hide even the smallest details!"


 "Okay." Ma Hong Yun immediately agreed.


 "Also." Zhao Lian Yun’s large eyes turned, "Didn’t Chang Biao reward you with two red steel relic Gu? When you meet the tribe leader, offer these two Gu to him."


 "What?" Ma Hong Yun’s eyes opened wide as he shouted, "This is something I risked my life for and obtained with great difficulty! And they were gifted to me by Lord Chang Biao, I will immediately advance to rank two upper stage after I use them. These are such good things."


 "You fool!" Zhao Lian Yun kicked Ma Hong Yun’s leg in anger.


 Ma Hong Yun immediately held his leg in pain: "Why did you kick me?"


 Zhao Lian Yun rolled her eyes and unhappily rebuked: "What do you understand? Even if you become rank two upper stage, what use would it be with your skill? What is the basis for us being able to stand up? It is not your rank two cultivation, but the friendship with tribe leader Ma Ying Jie. How did you advance to rank two? It is because tribe leader Ma Ying Jie gifted you with three green copper relic Gu. Offering the red steel relic Gu is an expression of loyalty, do you think the tribe leader will embezzle your red steel relic Gu? Hmph, he can’t use it for himself, so he will definitely accept them then return them to you again."


 "Eh, since he will accept them, why would he return them to me again?" Ma Hong Yun asked with doubt.


 "Idiot!" Zhao Lian Yun again rolled her eyes, "Ma tribe has declined, there are very few tribesmen while there are many things to do. The whole tribe only has one rank three elder, Ma You Liang, and he is handicapped now. Ma Ying Jie has recently taken the tribe leader position and doesn’t have any usable subordinates. He wants to revitalize the tribe and will be looking for talents to nurture into trusted aides. Although you were once surnamed Fei, now you are surnamed Ma, and you were once Ma Ying Jie’s head servant. Ma Ying Jie knows everything about you and will be at ease in using you compared to other people. You will be showing your loyalty by offering the Gu worms, he will definitely be happy and accept your Gu worms; this is because he recognizes your loyalty."


 "But Ma Ying Jie is not a petty and miserly master, accepting your Gu worms will only be as a gesture and he will definitely return them to you. Why? Because he wants to establish an example, from which the tribesmen can study and be encouraged to imitate your loyalty. I am certain, he will not only return your red steel relic Gu, he will even add in more rewards. Although you are insufficient in ability, you have loyalty. This is called buying horse bones with a thousand gold 1 . "


 Ma Hong Yun was confused: "What is buying horse bones with a thousand gold ?"


 "Sigh, you won’t understand it even if I explain. Just do what I say and it will definitely be to your benefit."


 "Ah." Ma Hong Yun agreed while scratching his head.


 The two had just reached an agreement when Ma Ying Jie’s servant came running over to summon Ma Hong Yun.


 Ma Hong Yun followed Zhao Lian Yun’s words and offered the two red steel relic Gu. But different from Zhao Lian Yun’s estimation, Ma Ying Jie accepted them but did not return them back to Ma Hong Yun.


 After Ma Hong Yun returned, he started complaining endlessly to Zhao Lian Yun.


 "Could it be my estimation was wrong?" Zhao Lian Yun also felt some doubts.



***
Chapter 579: Deputy Elder


***





 Chapter 579: Deputy Elder


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the evening, Ma Ying Jie took Ma Hong Yun to Chang tribe’s banquet.


 When the banquet ended, Chang Biao urged Ma Ying Jie to stay and have a talk in the study while letting Chang Li entertain Ma Hong Yun.


 "I wonder what insights might Ma tribe leader have in six arm heavenly zombie king?" After some discussion, Chang Biao changed the subject to the killer move.


 Ma Ying Jie, however, had not tested the killer move, speaking frankly: "I am an enslavement path master and have no affiliation to strength path. I was quite disappointed for the reward in passing the eighty-ninth round to be this killer move. I plan to sell this killer move, thus haven’t tested it. What happened?"


 Chang Biao was stupefied, glancing at Pan Ping next to him.


 The two had not expected this situation, but it was actually reasonable.


 Ma Ying Jie was different from them, he had a concrete and comprehensive enslavement path inheritance. His master Ma Zun relied on this inheritance to make a name and be a ruler of a region.


 This inheritance contained a killer move as well. And besides it, Ma Ying Jie still had the powerful killer move from Snowy Mountain’s Gu Immortal — Dragon Horse Spirit.


 He had yet to master these killer moves, why would he go cultivate a killer move of another path?


 He had been cultivating enslavement path since his youth, and as long as he cultivated it properly, he could become a ruler of a region and revitalize his tribe. Cultivating side paths would instead divide his energy.


 Since ancient times, Gu Masters prioritized one path, and very few cultivated two paths. Dividing energy and continually moving back and forth will only result in achieving nothing on both ends.


 Fang Yuan could dually cultivate paths because of the accumulation of his previous life’s experiences.


 Ma Ying Jie also had to manage the tribe’s affairs and had no extra energy to cultivate some strength path killer move.


 "I won’t conceal it from you, I and brother Pan Ping have been testing this killer move. Its might is astonishing and overwhelming. We might as well speak the truth to Ma tribe leader." As he said this, Chang Biao paused, considering his words while somewhat hesitating.


 He looked at Ma Ying Jie with a sincere gaze and shockingly said: "I would like to request Ma tribe leader to keep this killer move a secret and not spread it to others. Spreading it outside means the reward for clearing the round will be received by others."


 Chang Biao intentionally spoke evasively, Ma Ying Jie was smart as he suddenly understood everything.


 "So it was like this! Chang Biao was once Chang tribe’s leader, now he is only a great elder and the tribe leader is his adopted son Chang Ji You, and the true decision maker is Wolf King Chang Shan Yin. Chang Biao obtained this killer move and wants to keep it a secret. This is a normal practice of Gu Masters. But there is a problem, if Chang Shan Yin learns of this and asks him for it, he will definitely have to hand it over."


 Ma Ying Jie observed Pan and Chang’s expressions and intonations, and knew six arm heavenly zombie king was absolutely an extraordinary killer move.


 Humans were selfish, who would be willing to hand such a valuable treasure for no purpose? Ma Ying Jie understood this point.


 Seeing Ma Ying Jie’s gaze flicker, Chang Biao continued: "I have already talked with the others, Ma tribe leader can rest at ease. We still need Ma tribe leader’s strength for the coming round. Hehehe."


 Ma Ying Jie’s expression turned solemn: "Lord Chang Biao exaggerates, my ability is limited, it is my fortune to be able to cooperate with all the experts, making it a win-win situation. I am okay with this matter being done like Lord Chang Biao says."


 Hearing Ma Ying Jie’s answer, Chang Biao and Pan Ping both smiled.


 "Sigh, what lord, Ma tribe leader can just call me by my name." Pan Ping saw the chance, and immediately tried to pull their relation closer.


 Pan and Chang wanted to pull Ma Ying Jie to their faction while Ma Ying Jie also wanted to rely on Chang tribe and Hei tribe’s help to grow his tribe. The three went out of their way to curry favor with each other, addressing each other as brothers.


 The three discussed in the study till late at night, getting along with each other.


 It was near midnight, the three separated after setting Ma Hong Yun and Chang Li’s engagement.


 "Brother Chang’s plan is excellent. With this connection by marriage, Ma Ying Jie will be tied with brother Chang, and when we deal with the Wolf King later on, he would have to help out." After closing the door, Pan Ping laughed heartily.


 Chang Biao, however, slightly shook his head: "Ma Ying Jie is not someone easy to fool, he knows when to bow and submit, and at the the time of danger, he will definitely make a quick decision. It is still not the time to recruit him now, but as long as we continue to be on good terms with him and let people know of our close relation, and put in some resources to support that Ma Hong Yun, we will be able to increase our control over Ma tribe. And when we declare war against Chang Shan Yin in the future, as long as Chang Shan Yin recognizes Ma tribe as an enemy, Ma Ying Jie will have no choice but to get on our boat to protect his tribe!"


 At night in Imperial Court blessed land, the bright and warm silver light shone on the ground.


 In a carriage, Ma Ying Jie and Ma Hong Yun were sitting opposite each other.


 "Hong Yun, you truly are a lucky guy, actually getting the interest of miss Chang Li. Hehehe, I have already come to a decision with lord Chang Biao; the first day of the next month will be a day of celebration for you and Chang Li." Ma Ying Jie said with a smile on his face.


 "Ah?" Ma Hong Yun had not expected this news at all, and was not able to react for a while.


 "I have seen your loyalty, good, this is your reward." Ma Ying Jie patted Ma Hong Yun’s shoulder while sighing with emotion as he took out three red steel relic Gu from his aperture.


 "This..." Ma Hong Yun was astonished, and dazedly received the three red steel relic Gu.


 "You will be getting married with lady Chang Li, if you don’t have power and status, wouldn’t it weaken my Ma tribe’s name? You can advance to rank two peak stage with these three red steel relic Gu; it should not be a problem for you to advance to rank three with your aptitude. I will now appoint you as a deputy elder and your duty will be to handle the miscellaneous affairs of the tribe." Ma Ying Jie proclaimed.


 "Ah?" Ma Hong Yun’s eyes opened wide, looking at Ma tribe leader with a stupefied expression.


 To him, this surprise was really too heavy and too sudden.


 Ma Ying Jie intentionally looked solemn: "You are still not kneeling and thanking me?"


 Ma Hong Yun’s mind was in a mess, but his body subconsciously kneeled down on the ground: "Thank you lord for promoting me!"


 "Yes, work well." Ma Ying Jie encouraged with a few sentences, his thoughts, however were on a different matter, "Six arm heavenly zombie king, this killer move seems to be really powerful. Since it is regarded with such importance by Pan and Chang, and also does not need too much attainment in strength path cultivation, how about I give it a try as well?"


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, central control room.


 "Ink transformation!" Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed with a sharp light as he softly shouted and pressed down his hands.


 Immediately, all kinds of Gu worms sprinkled down like rain from air, rapidly mixing with each other as they fell down.


 When they landed on the sand table, they had already turned into drops of inky liquid.


 The inky liquid quickly accumulated and covered the surface of the whole sand table once again before soon finding a flaw; the liquid then turned into a whirlpool and converged together.


 Mo Yao’s will in Fang Yuan’s mind satisfiedly commented at this sight: "Good, you have now become skilled at the refinement technique I taught you - shower. With this method, you can quicken Gu refinement process by at least thirty percent and raise the quality by twenty percent. There is nothing more I can teach you about this method now. You only need to remember the essence of shower lies in speed. But you cannot just go fast, you need to pour all your concentration during the whole process. Thus, this method cannot be used too often. If you use it over the limit, you will feel dazed and dizzy in the minor case, causing the Gu refinement to fail, and in the serious case, your soul can be injured, you can suffer memory loss and you might become demented."


 Gu refinement had dangers and was not any safer than an intense battle.


 Fang Yuan already knew this; he listened to Mo Yao’s guidance while methodically throwing the owner token into the ink whirlpool.


 In a flash, the ink liquid was depleted completely and the owner token slowly flew up before landing on Fang Yuan’s palm.


 Fang Yuan observed the owner token which now already possessed five edges.


 This meant ink transformation had already been carried out five times.


 Strange, Fang Yuan was scarce on immortal essence stones and should have only been able to use ink transformation once more, how could he use it for three extra times beyond that?


 After Fang Yuan got the one-edge owner token, his authority was raised and he could learn the contents of rewards for every round of a single floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building through the one-edge owner token.


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate and choose one floor on the spot.


 This floor was the seventh floor.


 One-edge owner token could allow the Gu Master to control one floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The seventh floor had already been broken through to the eighty-ninth round by the collective efforts of Gu Masters. So why did Fang Yuan choose this floor instead of others?


 It was because the reward for this eighty-ninth round was five immortal essence stones!


 Fang Yuan secretly used the owner token to take control of this floor. Chang Biao, Pan Ping, Ma Ying Jie and others passed the round, and Fang Yuan was able to secretly take the five immortal essence stones, sending a downgraded version of six arm heavenly zombie king into everyone’s aperture as the reward.


 The genuine six arm heavenly zombie king used borrow strength Gu as its core, the six great flying zombie Gu as the backbone and many other Gu worms as support. Through modification by Fang Yuan and Mo Yao’s will, the downgraded killer move used overlord Gu as its core, which greatly reduced its strength.


 Although the other flying zombie Gu were not changed, the old earth chief zombie Gu was used instead of Mo Yao’s modified Gu.


 More importantly, the support Gu worms were also modified and some Gu worms like intention Gu were added to secretly gather the information on the use of six arm heavenly zombie king by Chang Biao, Pan Ping and others.


 With this, it not only gave others no reason to doubt the reward being tampered with, it also made them test the killer move in place of Fang Yuan to find any insufficient areas.


 "Half a month has gone by since the reward of the killer move was distributed. It is time to catch the fish in a net. What do you think?" Fang Yuan used a consulting tone to ask Mo Yao’s will.


 Mo Yao mumbled: "It has neither been too long nor too short, we can first take away two sets and see the results."


 Fang Yuan grasped the five-edges owner token, and with a shift of his mind, he found two familiar figures in the ninetieth round of the seventh floor.


 They were none other than Chang Biao and Pan Ping.


 The two were currently running quickly.


 Pan Ping shouted to Chang Biao while running: "It has already been seven days since we came here. Even if the time flow here is faster than Imperial Court blessed land, according to our speed, we should have already travelled an immeasurable distance but we have not been able to see anything other than walls."


 The running Chang Biao nodded, his clothes fluttering in the wind: "In this place, we cannot fly to the sky nor can we escape under the ground, we can only move in these passageways along the walls. The passageways here spread in all directions, we have travelled so long but haven’t encountered a single monster. Clearly, this round tests the Gu Master’s scouting and movement ability. This round should be an extremely large maze."


 The two guessed correctly, this ninetieth round was precisely a maze.


 And just as Chang Biao guessed, it tested the Gu Master’s scouting and movement ability.


 But Fang Yuan had taken control of this seventh floor now and after he discovered these two, everything was going to be different.



***
Chapter 580: Perfecting the Killer Move


***





 Chapter 580: Perfecting the Killer Move


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Howl—!


 Wolf howls suddenly echoed out, a large group of turtleback wolves appeared ahead.


 "Wolves, how could there be a wolf group here?" Pan Ping’s movement slowed down, shouting in surprise.


 Chang Biao’s expression sank. Because of the connection with Fang Yuan, the animal he hated the most now was the wolf.


 But he had never even thought that Fang Yuan would be controlling this round, and said in a gloomy voice: "Our priority this time was to probe, now that there has been a new change, we should see what happens after killing these wolves."


 "Okay!" Pan Ping nodded in agreement.


 The two cooperated and started killing the wolves.


 At first, the two were occupying the upper hand even to the extent that it could be called a slaughter; how could ordinary turtleback wolves be their match?


 But soon, other species of wolf started appearing continuously in front of them - vermillion wolves, water wolves, wind wolves and so on. Even mutated wolf groups like frenzy wolves and white-eyes wolves started appearing.


 The two were gradually becoming unable to endure this.


 "How could there be so many wolf groups?"


 "Could it be this round also tests the Gu Master’s ability to fight?"


 Large numbers of thousand wolf kings entered the battle along with myriad wolf kings; Pan Ping and Chang Biao’s expressions gradually turned unsightly.


 "This round is so difficult!" Pan Ping sighed woefully.


 "In Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the difficulty keeps on increasing as one passes the rounds, with the ninetieth to hundredth rounds being the most difficult." Chang Biao responded.


 After a while more, the two could not continue fighting much longer.


 "We have already probed the situation, the ninetieth round not only has a maze, but also wolf groups!" Chang Biao summarized in a heavy voice.


 "We have walls on both sides, the terrain is narrow, we already are restricting the large crowds attacking us, what else can we do? Pan Ping frowned.


 "Let’s talk after retreating." Chang Biao sighed.


 He and Pan Ping did not have Giant Sun bloodline, and had used guest tokens to enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Guest tokens were precious, thus they had to spend a lot of resources every time they entered.


 "Alright!" Pan Ping already had the thought of retreating, he glanced at the wolf groups with hate, "These damned wolf beasts, there will be a day when I will step on your Wolf King and humiliate him! Hahaha...."


 He cursed and vowed, the ’Wolf King’ he was speaking of naturally referred to Fang Yuan.


 "Eh!" The next moment, Pan Ping’s laughter suddenly came to a stop, shock and fear replacing it.


 "What’s going on? We can’t go out?" Chang Biao who was at the side also discovered this serious problem.


 The two had used guest tokens to enter the tower and could leave with just a thought. They had already entered and exited many times, and were very familiar with this.


 But now, this floor was under Fang Yuan’s control, the five-edge owner token was many times more powerful than a guest token. These two were like birds within a cage, trapped in a predicament.


 "Damn it, what should we do? I only have thirty percent primeval essence remaining!" Pan Ping shouted in panic.


 Chang Biao’s expression was grim as he shouted: "Calm down!"


 His condition was a little better than Pan Ping with fifty percent primeval essence remaining in his aperture. But even if their primeval essence was full, it would be exhausted sooner or later in front of these endless wolf groups.


 "This situation is very rare, how could we not get out of this tower? This round is strange, what it might be testing is the Gu Master’s courage! We cannot act cowardly!" Chang Biao thought for a while and shouted.


 Pan Ping heard his words, and slightly calmed down his panicked mind. He remembered that there were indeed strange rounds recorded in the past history, testing none other than the Gu Master’s mind. Often in these rounds, the more cowardly the Gu master becomes, the stronger the monster they would have to face.


 Pan and Chang forcibly calmed down, and then tried to break through the wolf groups’ encirclement.


 But Fang Yuan was in control of this round and was clear of every corner of the maze.


 He mobilized the wolf groups with extreme smoothness; no matter how Pan and Chang tried to break through, there would always be wolf groups encircling and cutting off their path.


 "No, I cannot die here! Damned wolf beasts, take my killer move!" With no alternative, Pan Ping used up almost all his primeval essence to activate the killer move ’six arm heavenly zombie king’.


 He turned into an eight armed zombie; his battle strength rose explosively, creating surging waves wherever he moved. The wolves suffered severe losses with none being able to resist his attacks.


 Chang Biao took the valuable chance to preserve his primeval essence by following behind Pan Ping, and was able to save quite a bit of strength.


 The good situation did not last long and soon, Pan Ping’s primeval essence was thoroughly exhausted.


 Chang Biao quickly moved to save him: "In this time of danger, we need to work as one to have the hope of escaping alive. Take a rest and use primeval stones to recover your primeval essence, I will protect you!"


 Chang Biao also used six arm heavenly zombie king and firmly protected Pan Ping.


 With this kind of assistance between the two, they were able to stabilize the situation.


 Seven-eight days went by like this, Chang Biao and Pan Ping’s primeval essence were completely exhausted, no longer able to carry on.


 "Am I going to die here?" Pan Ping roared at the sky.


 "Damn it, there is definitely a way out, definitely!" Chang Biao had lost his earlier demeanour as he started shouting and roaring.


 Just at this time of despair, the two suddenly saw a large pile of primeval stones in the corner ahead.


 "Primeval stones!"


 "Such a mountain of primeval stones, I am not hallucinating, right?"


 Finding a way out of death’s door, the two were elated and summoned all their bravery to kill their way through. The situation was stabilized once again as they used the primeval stones to recover their primeval essence.


 "I understand, I understand now, this round tests the Gu Master’s endurance!" Chang Biao shouted with wild joy.


 "So it was like that." Pan Ping also came to a realization.


 The two were so happy they did not realize the strange changes on their bodies.


 As they started using ’six arm heavenly zombie king’ more often, their bodies were now growing some irrecoverable zombie speckles.


 "This hill of primeval stones is sufficient to last us two-three months." Pan Ping pounced on the primeval stone hill, crying tears of joy.


 "Quickly use this time to recover primeval essence. We can’t just keep sitting idly, there should be other primeval stone hills. When thirsty, we can drink wolf blood, and when hungry, we can eat wolf meat, maybe we can pass this round if we persevere like this." Chang Biao’s eyes shone brightly.


 "Brother Chang, you are right!" Pan Ping stood up quickly, his face flushed red as he imagined the scene Chang Biao portrayed, "This round is so difficult, it is almost an absolute death ground. There should definitely be a great reward for passing it!"


 Chang Biao resisted the wolf groups’ offense, sighing: "I finally know why we can enter but not exit this round. If we could easily leave, how could this round test the Gu Master?"


 It was truly a pity these two still did not know this primeval stone hill was intentionally arranged here by their great enemy Fang Yuan. His goal was to make them use the killer move more, and continue the experiment.


 The situation was fully within Fang Yuan’s control. Even if these two had not been willing to use the killer move and only used their own moves, Fang Yuan would have controlled the wolf groups to continue attacking them, creating a dangerous set of circumstances where these two would have no choice but to use the killer move.


 Fang Yuan’s worry was unnecessary in this aspect.


 As these two used the killer move, they started gradually becoming dependent on it, using it more and more. And in the following battles, they rarely used their own methods.


 When their zombie speckles became denser and seriously affected them, they came to their senses.


 But it was already too late.


 "I don’t accept this, I don’t accept this, dying right here! Wolf King, I won’t let you go even as a ghost!"


 Pan Ping was the first to die.


 Before he died, he cursed Fang Yuan.


 Several days later, Chang Biao also died with exhaustion in the battle.


 He died with grievance, mumbling to himself as he neared death: "Exit, where the hell is the exit?"


 He had a lot of worries, too many things he could not let go.


 Wolf Killing Alliance was only just being set up, the scheme of forcing Ma Ying Jie to join it had only just started, but even more than these, what made him the most unreconciled was his own son - Chang Ji You.


 Truthfully speaking, Chang Biao was a pitiful person.


 For his reputation, he dared not admit his own biological son and was only able to hear Chang Ji You call him ’godfather’, ’godfather’...


 Even so, he did not feel secure and to cover it further up, he adopted several orphans as his adopted sons and daughters. Among them was Chang Li.


 He had made such painstaking efforts, laid low his whole life, planned so much, but now as he faced death, nothing had come to fruition.


 He was unreconciled, full of regrets and annoyance, but what could he do?


 "I really... really wanted to hear him call me father..." At this moment of death, his intense thoughts burst out as a sorrowful and regretful voice, passing away with the light of his life.


 "The killer move was activated two thousand three hundred and eleven times, although he was exhausted in death, the main reason for fatality is the accumulation of zombie energy in his body." Fang Yuan appeared beside Chang Biao’s corpse out of thin air.


 He slightly smiled, the experiment had attained the expected purpose, but he found a problem —


 Even if the killer move was used every time, it could not surpass a certain time limit, but instead the more it was used, the zombie energy in the body would accumulate till it led to the Gu Master’s death.


 Whether it was Pan Ping or Chang Biao, they both died because of this.


 Fang Yuan took out the Gu worms from the two’s corpses and stored them in his storage pouch.


 This round was under his control, making it impossible for Pan and Chang to detonate their Gu worms even if they wanted to.


 Chang Biao possessed a set of wind path Gu worms, all of them of excellent quality. Pan Ping’s Gu worms were also not ordinary, but with Fang Yuan’s current scope and capital, they were only considered better than nothing.


 Only that sole blade Gu had some collection value, making Fang Yuan look at it for a moment.


 Several days later.


 In a study, Fang Yuan was thinking with his eyes closed while grasping an east window Gu.


 "Hostile intent Gu can condense hostile intent. The hostile intent is strong and fiercely encroaching as fire, but it somewhat lacks flexibility and does not have the power to persist for long."


 "Sharp intent Gu can condense sharp intent. The sharp intent is very sharp like swords and spears, however it can be subdued through soft tactics and is very difficult to restore."


 "Reckless intent can condense reckless intent. Nothing is a taboo for the reckless intent and it can easily spread unchecked, but it is difficult to control and can easily injure the Gu Master."


 This east window Gu, which Fang Yuan had purchased from treasure yellow heaven, recorded a fairly intact wisdom path inheritance. He paid all his small savings of immortal essence stones for it.


 But it was worth it, Fang Yuan made some gains after reading it.


 Fang Yuan pondered: "This inheritance records fourteen wisdom path Gu worms with six that touch upon the aspect of intent - hostile intent Gu, sharp intent Gu, reckless intent Gu, changing intent Gu, cold intent Gu and chaotic intent Gu. The first three are used to condense will, with each having their own pros and cons."


 Wisdom path was the most mysterious among Gu Master paths, extremely broad and profound. It originated from Star Constellation Immortal Venerable and had existed from Remote Antiquity Era. The Gu Masters who cultivated it were extremely few in numbers, but it still remained and passed down till today, never declining.


 "Then what is Mo Yao’s will classified as - hostile intent, sharp intent or reckless intent?"


 Fang Yuan was researching these wills to guard against and deal with the enormous hidden danger in his mind.


 "Hostile intent is fierce like fire, sharp intent is sharp like a spear, reckless intent is flamboyant and difficult to control, but Mo Yao’s will is mysterious like the sea, hidden and indistinct. From the confrontations I had with her, it felt like I was not able to display my strength, like punching cotton."


 Fang Yuan carefully analyzed and perceived Mo Yao’s will was not any one among this list.


 This inheritance he had gathered was only a corner of wisdom path; there were definitely many other wisdom path Gu worms.


 "It seems I still need to continue gathering information on wisdom path..." Fang Yuan inwardly sighed.


 Fang Yuan was not able to easily use his methods against Mo Yao’s will because he was not familiar with wisdom path, and did not know her trump cards.


 "As the proverb goes, know yourself and know your enemy, and you will go unscathed through a hundred battles. I need to bear with this for the moment, make her think continuously and wear herself down, while also using her to help in exploring True Yang Building."


 Right as he was thinking, Mo Yao’s will appeared with her indistinct figure in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 "It is done, the six arm heavenly zombie king this time is truly perfected, there are no more unsuitable factors." Mo Yao said with a weak tone and exhausted expression.


 ’Looks like she had been worn down a lot from all the thinking over these days." Fang Yuan was inwardly happy, and as he looked at the modified killer move, this hidden happiness gradually turned into exultation!



***
Chapter 581: Advance to six-edge, difficulty finding a Gu tester


***





 Chapter 581: Advance to six-edge, difficulty finding a Gu tester


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan was a vigilant person, he had always felt that everyone else in this world was unreliable, the only dependable person was himself. Thus, he researched the six arm heavenly zombie king killer move the moment he obtained it.


 This killer move was originally created based on the foundation he provided, furthermore during these few days, with Mo Yao’s guidance, his refinement path attainment was deepening, and his perspective had widened greatly.


 Right now, he had a great understanding of the concept of six arm heavenly zombie king, it was clear as water to him.


 At this moment, he looked at the completed killer move, without any experiments, he knew that this killer move was close to perfection.


 Mo Yao had reduced many supplementary Gu worms from the original base, while keeping the core and the six zombie Gu unchanged, only adding several supplementary Gu worms in.


 Sensing the ingenuity of this, Fang Yuan praised endlessly.


 In his mind, Mo Yao’s will explained: "This is all thanks to the intention Gu on Pan and Chang. With their experience and insight, I could refine this move to such an extent, we have reached an extreme level of perfection. As long as the time does not exceed thirty minutes, no matter how many times you activate the killer move, it will not accumulate zombie energy in your body and cause zombie speckles to grow."


 Fang Yuan nodded, knowing that Mo Yao’s words were true.


 This killer move was truly refined to its limits, according to this line of thinking, it had already reached its strongest potential. Unless he added Immortal Gu in the future, or changed the core Gu.


 But if he added Immortal Gu in, this would destroy the original coordination of the Gu, he would need to reassemble it and the move would become completely different, it would truly be a situation of ’pull one hair and the whole body moves’.


 If he changed the core Gu, that would be going into another line of thought. The new killer move would be completely different, rather than calling it ’six arm heavenly zombie king’, he might as well give it another name.


 In all, the killer move six arm heavenly zombie king, be it the core Gu, the zombie Gu or the supplementary Gu, they were being used to their fullest potential, there was no way to refine this further.


 Even though there were still backlashes from using it, if one exceeded thirty minutes, the zombie energy would cause great damage to the Gu Master’s body, if the time was too long, the Gu Master might even turn into a zombie.


 But this was a problem caused by inappropriate usage by the Gu Master, it could be avoided. The reason was that even if this move was used many times, it would not accumulate the zombie speckles. If the Gu Master activated the move multiple times in a period of time, they could potentially sustain the killer move for a long duration.


 Except, Fang Yuan was still not satisfied with this huge result.


 "If you have any other ideas to refine this killer move, this grandmaster here is willing to listen." Mo Yao laughed eerily.


 "At this point, six arm heavenly zombie king is at its limit, there is nothing to improve. But there is still one part that I am not satisfied with, that is the backlash of the killer move." Fang Yuan said.


 "After the improvement, the current six arm heavenly zombie king’s power has doubled, and the duration has reached thirty minutes, it is sufficient for you to handle anything in this mortal realm. What are you dissatisfied with? You must know, any killer move represents the combination usage of Gu worms, since it is the use of Gu worms, there has to be weaknesses. A killer move’s backlash cannot be avoided, they are only different in terms of severity. This strength path killer move’s power is at the top five of killer moves in my memory. Don’t be too greedy." Mo Yao lectured.


 Fang Yuan snorted.


 His potential enemies were Gu Immortals, beings who surpassed mortals!


 With six arm heavenly zombie king, even if Fang Yuan abandoned his enslavement path, he could still dominate the mortal realm, but it was far from sufficient to deal with Gu Immortals.


 Battling an immortal as a mortal, this aim was too arrogant, it was too much for people to believe. Fang Yuan had no intentions of informing Mo Yao about this.


 Immediately after, he said: "Preparedness ensures success, and unpreparedness spells failure. If one day, because of a peculiar situation, I overuse the killer move and become


 a zombie, what happens? I am also clear that the killer move six arm heavenly zombie king cannot be improved further, but now, my goal is to resolve this weakness."


 Mo Yao finally understood Fang Yuan’s intention, she sunk into silence.


 Fang Yuan was young and arrogant, Mo Yao did not expect that he had such a cautious side. To speak the truth, Mo Yao was looking at him in a different light now —


 "This lad, he has talent, resources, and opportunities. He has great perseverance and is able to lower his head when needed. On one hand, he advances bravely, while on the other hand, he is cautious and vigilant, always considering all sides of the matter. This lad, one day, he will definitely shake the world."


 She was silent for a short time, soon, Mo Yao said: "It is very troublesome to resolve this backlash. Six arm heavenly zombie king is not an ordinary zombie, the zombie energy is extremely thick, once the Gu Master transforms, they cannot even use Yin-Yang rotation Gu!"


 "As a refinement grandmaster, is there nothing you can do?" Fang Yuan did not believe her.


 Mo Yao did not fall for his taunting, she spoke in a calm manner: "I need a rank five Gu Master to fully transform into the six arm heavenly zombie king, after which I will experiment on their body. I need this test subject to cooperate with me fully, and I need to have full control over their condition, in terms of body, mind, and personal experience... These are all important information that I need to consider."


 Mo Yao did not want to ponder about this deeply as it would expend too many of her thoughts, she used the same method again, planning to use people as experimental fodder. They would replace her thinking and undergo the most crucial steps for her.


 Fang Yuan frowned: "Rank five Gu Master? And a fully cooperative one?"


 "That’s right, it would be best if they are willingly doing it. Because if slavery Gu is used to control them, their emotions would be affected, their experience and feelings when turning into a zombie would be ruined."


 This was troublesome!


 If Fang Yuan wanted to resolve the problem of six arm heavenly zombie king, he would need to find a rank five Gu Master, and they would need to be cooperative and listen to Fang Yuan, risking their lives to undergo this experiment.


 Where was Fang Yuan going to find such a person?!


 Three days later.


 Central control room.


 From the ink whirlpool, the owner token rose up and flew into Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Activating the refinement path killer move ink transformation once again, five-edge owner token had transformed into six-edge.


 Fang Yuan was both happy and worried.


 Happy because he had the six-edge owner token, once Hei Lou Lan’s owner token becomes four-edge, he would be able to snatch it and form the ten-edge owner token.


 With a ten-edge owner token, he could obtain one of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s true inheritances!


 An Immortal Venerable inheritance had a huge attraction to almost anybody.


 Worry was because Fang Yuan had expended almost all his resources to undergo this sixth ink transformation. In order to accumulate funds, he had sold the Immortal Gu remnant recipes again and caused these remnant recipes to have no value left.


 At the same time, he sold large numbers of rockmen, fox groups, wolf groups, Gu worms, and even the precious hairy men and some air bubble fish.


 Like the rank four emotion poetry Gu, golden dragon Gu, golden breeze Gu, as well as rank five Gu including multiple spring egg Gu, vajra stare Gu, turn gold Gu, soft bones Gu, pitch black Gu, and hints and clues Gu.


 "Right now, I only have the enslavement and strength path Gu worms left in my aperture. In Hu Immortal blessed land, I have Blood Sea Ancestor’s true inheritance, rank four blood skull Gu, as well as rank three bone flesh unity Gu and the yang Gu left after using yin Gu of the yin-yang rotation Gu. Other than that, I still have some stargate Gu, hole earth Gu, connecting heaven Gu, divine sense Gu, burial soul toad, and some supplementary Gu."


 These Gu were all of utmost importance, they could not be sold. Some were absolutely necessary, he needed them in the future.


 "Hu Immortal blessed land was almost squeezed dry by me, it needs to recover. But now that I have the six-edge owner token, I can control six floors in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building as I wish. All of the rewards in these six floors can be taken by me. These rewards are extremely valuable, if I take them all, my wealth would grow by at least sixty times that of my current foundation!"


 Fang Yuan had his plans.


 But currently, he could not touch these rewards.


 Hei Lou Lan had gathered some experts, and was at the final round of the fifth floor.


 Soon, he was going to obtain a one-edge owner token.


 With this token, he could check any floor’s round rewards in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 If Fang Yuan took the rewards, wouldn’t he reveal himself?


 "At the final moment, when Imperial Court blessed land is about to close and everyone gets sent out, I will take the rewards then, by that point, nobody would know a thing."


 ...


 Bam!


 The bear paw smacked and the earth quaked, rocks were sent flying like shrapnel.


 As the smoke dispersed, a huge bear paw the size of five to six horse carriages was lifted, showing a huge crater.


 The rank four Gu Master who was unfortunately hit by the bear paw had turned into a pile of mushy flesh, mixed with some bone shards and brain matter.


 "Too fast! We cannot react to it."


 "The final round is truly harder than ascending to heaven..."


 "This is only the phantom image of a flying bear, it only has half the strength of the true body. If this was really the desolate beast flying bear, we would not even be able to escape!"


 The Gu Masters on the battlefield were all injured, they were in a pathetic state and felt great lingering fear.


 It was the phantom image of the desolate beast flying bear that was guarding the fifth floor’s hundredth round.


 It had a huge body, like that of a mountain, it had white, snowy fur, and a full set of Gu worms in it, each were elite Gu worms. It attacked fiercely, but moved just as agilely, it could dart around like lightning, which was ironic due to its huge bulky figure. After fighting for only thirty minutes, the Gu Masters had already suffered huge losses.


 "Lord tribe leader, we should retreat. Our motive this time is to probe it, now that we have understood most of the Gu worms on the flying bear, we have actually achieved our goal already." Sun Shi Han stood beside Hei Lou Lan, advising.


 Hei Lou Lan frowned, looking around the battlefield.


 He was an expert in leading men to wars and battles, he knew that his troops had low morale now.


 "Since I started challenging the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, this flying bear phantom is the strongest opponent I’ve met. To defeat it, our strength is not enough, we need even more helpers."


 Hei Lou Lan assessed in his heart before snorting and saying one word: "Retreat."


 Sun Shi Han felt relieved in his heart, and not just him, the other Gu Masters already had the intention to retreat, but because of the Black Tyrant’s fierce reputation, no one dared to suggest it.



***
Chapter 582: Fighting flying bear, Wolf King gets fifty percent


***





 Chapter 582: Fighting flying bear, Wolf King gets fifty percent


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Everyone retreated from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, as Hei Lou Lan gave an order to recruit experts that night.


 He was the alliance leader that won this contest, according to the rules, the entire army was his to mobilize. Everyone knew about the Black Tyrant’s fierce reputation, together with him opening Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to everyone without any cost, they were deeply grateful to him.


 With both authority and gratitude, Hei Lou Lan’s influence reached its peak.


 With this order, it created a huge commotion as everyone who was called showed up without fail.


 Wolf King Chang Shan Yin, Water Demon Hao Ji Liu, Twin Demons Gao Yang and Zhu Zai, Little Ma Zun Ma Ying Jie, Fox Commander Tang Miao Ming, White Fairy Xi Xue, Shadow Sword Expert Bian Si Xuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Lu Shuang, Tao You, Gu Guo Long, Dou E, Nie Ya Qing, Ye Lui Sang...


 On the day of the alliance meeting, the hall was filled with shining stars as heroes and conquerors whipped up a huge storm.


 "Old sir, with you here, it is like having a giant pillar of support, we do not have to fear about low morale, hahaha!" Hei Lou Lan sat grandly at the main seat, looking around and laughing with great ambitions.


 Among those who were present, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had the greatest reputation, he healed people all over the land, countless people were indebted to him, even Hei Lou Lan or Chang Shan Yin could not compare to him.


 But the person who sat next to Hei Lou Lan was not Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but Wolf King Chang Shan Yin.


 Reputation was something, but battle strength was another aspect.


 After the Imperial Court contest, everyone agreed that Fang Yuan’s battle strength was the greatest. Dual path cultivator, flying master, enslavement master, all these auras gathered into one person, it was dazzling and overwhelming, thus no one had any disagreements regarding Fang Yuan’s position.


 Thus, after Hei Lou Lan talked to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he turned around to Fang Yuan: "Brother Shan Yin, we will need to count on you for this battle! If we get through, you will earn half of the rewards."


 He understood Fang Yuan’s nature, he would not act without benefits, thus he gave such a tempting offer.


 The final round’s rewards were nothing ordinary. Once Hei Lou Lan spoke, he gave half the benefits to Fang Yuan, this meant that he, along with the others, would have to share the remaining half of the rewards.


 As their interests were concerned, some discussions could be heard in the hall.


 Many people were indignant regarding this allocation, but no one had the guts to openly oppose Black Tyrant’s arrangements and offend the grand Wolf King in this hall.


 "Very well, we will go with that." Fang Yuan nodded, his arrogant gaze swept the hall, as the voices came to a stop.


 "Why has elder Pan Ping not arrived yet?" Hei Lou Lan asked around.


 Pan Ping was born in the demonic path, nowadays he had entered Hei tribe and become an external elder. As the current Hei tribe leader, Hei Lou Lan’s orders did not summon Pan Ping, Hei Lou Lan was extremely displeased by this.


 Actually, not just Pan Ping, Chang tribe’s first elder Chang Biao was not present either.


 But Chang Biao was a Chang tribesman, Hei Lou Lan had to ignore it because of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan did not react.


 The information regarding the deaths of Pan and Chang had not been spread yet.


 Challenging Eighty-Eight True Yang Building normally took several days or even half a month, the tougher the rounds, the longer it would take. Especially someone like Pan Ping, as a person without Giant Sun bloodline, he would incur huge expenses when he entered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building using the guest token. Precisely because of this, these outsiders treasured their opportunity in entering the building, if possible, they would not leave it unless they had no other choice.


 Hei Lou Lan’s words had just been spoken, when his attendant Hei Shu stood up and reported: "Reporting to lord tribe leader, elder Pan Ping and Lord Chang Biao had gone into the seventh floor not long ago, I have sent people to inform them, but the seventh floor’s layout is very confusing, it is like a huge maze. The maze prohibits the use of letter Gu, and there are even wild wolf groups deep inside. The servants have tried to find them for many days, but they only found some battle traces, they could not find the two lords."


 Hei Lou Lan snorted as he waved his hand: "Then forget it, we will not wait for them, the guest tokens are ready, we will depart tomorrow morning!"


 By the second day, everyone grandly charged into the fifth floor.


 This was the largest force that had gathered to enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building since it was formed, it attracted countless gazes in the sacred palace.


 The final round of the fifth floor was a barren and desolate mountain.


 Brown soil, hard as steel rocks, with no grass or plants.


 The moment everyone entered, the flying bear phantom was alerted and growled, tearing through the air, and causing a thunderous noise.


 Swoosh!


 They saw in the dark yellow sky, a white whirlwind come crashing down.


 The experts retreated at once.


 The flying bear phantom crashed on the ground, with a loud bang, the earth shook as intense winds blew, causing many to lose their balance.


 "Ferocious indeed!" Pei Yan Fei’s expression was solemn, if he had been hit directly, he would be heavily injured if not dead.


 "It was thanks to tribe leader Hei Lou Lan’s reminder, if not, the moment we came in we would’ve been attacked by this bear." Gu Guo Long looked at the howling flying bear inside the crater and said with lingering fear.


 "This is called learning from past experiences, the last time we came here, we were sneak attacked by the flying bear, five experts died on the spot!" Hei Xiu Yi gritted his teeth, saying with deep hatred.


 "Brother Shan Yin, the rest is up to you guys." Hei Lou Lan urged.


 According to their battle plan earlier, the first wave of attack should be unleashed by the enslavement path Gu Masters, in order to wear down the flying bear phantom’s battle strength.


 Without any words from him, large numbers of wolves came from all directions, from the sky and land, charging and attacking the flying bear phantom.


 In the sky, there was the azure wolf group, on the ground, there were the white-eyes wolves, frenzy wolves, blood forest wolves and others.


 Ordinary wolves numbered to over four hundred thousand.


 At once, the wolves engulfed the area, charging like the huge waves of the great sea, submerging the island-like flying bear phantom.


 Roar!


 The flying boar roared, shaking heaven and earth.


 Howl!!!!


 The wolf groups were not to be outdone, howling in a similar fashion.


 The battle ensued, whipping up a bloody storm.


 The flying bear phantom’s four paws slammed, killing at least dozens of wild wolves with one strike. The ordinary wolves could only be a disturbance to it, only the mutated beast groups could pose a threat and cause injuries to the flying bear phantom.


 But the essence of enslavement path had always been to overwhelm quality with quantity, expending the enemy’s energy to their greatest limit.


 Fang Yuan manipulated the wolf group, attacking as freely as the wind, or as crushing as the snow, the flying bear phantom seemed to have sunk into a deep swamp, even with its frenzied attacks, it could not break through the encirclement.


 "Now this is a master level attainment."


 "Wild beasts are beasts, without a human’s intelligence, they are being toyed around by Chang Shan Yin."


 "The beast groups are like a work of art under Wolf King’s control!"


 Everyone was in a daze, the enslavement Gu Masters Tang Miao Ming and Hei Qi Sheng could see the brilliance of his actions, feeling a strong sense of admiration and adoration towards Fang Yuan.


 But the good situation did not last, the flying bear phantom suddenly stopped its actions, opening its mouth and exhaling.


 With this, the world changed colors, as starlight shone brilliantly to form into a river.


 Rank five — star river Gu!


 The star river poured down, like a dragon or python, it engulfed the places it went, be it frenzy wolf or blood forest wolf, they were swept away by the star river, some were holding their ground desperately with their defensive Gu, but those that did not have defensive Gu were turned into stardust.


 At once, the wolf group suffered huge losses.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was unmoved, it was as if the losses did not affect him, and he did not stop for now.


 Only until half the wolves were left, did he order them to retreat.


 Tang Miao Ming and Hei Qi Sheng quickly ordered their beast groups to replace the wolves.


 These two, one was called Little Fox Commander with quasi-master attainment, in terms of enslavement attainment, she was second to Fang Yuan alone in the sacred palace.


 The latter was an enslavement path Gu Master nurtured by the super force Hei tribe, although he had not attained master level skill, he had deep foundations and great strength.


 Tang Miao Ming controlled the fox groups, while Hei Qi Sheng controlled the eagle groups, one dominated the sky while the other was on the ground.


 But the flying bear phantom was getting more ferocious, after the star river had fully looped around in a ring, it clapped its paws together, roaring again as an intense wind blew, and clouds formed from nothing.


 In an instant, the intense wind turned into tiger-shaped wind tigers, while the clouds turned into dragon-shaped cloud dragons.


 Rank five — wind tiger cloud dragon Gu!


 Thousands of wind tigers and cloud dragons charged forward, facing the foxes and eagles head on.


 At once, the battlefield was in chaos as blood rained and the pungent smell spread.


 "Oh no, at this rate..." Tang Miao Ming’s forehead was full of sweat, her head was hurting as she was gritting her teeth desperately.


 The battle was too intense, she wanted to preserve her fox group, thus she manipulated them very meticulously, it caused her soul to be greatly worn out, and she was reaching her limit.


 As for Hei Qi Sheng, his situation was even worse than hers.


 The fox group could still resist the enemy, but a large proportion of Hei Qi Sheng’s eagle group had already been killed by the wind tigers and cloud dragons, they were in disorder and he could not attend to one aspect without neglecting another.


 The other Gu Masters retreated time and time again, but they did not show any surprise.


 Star river Gu and wind tiger cloud dragon Gu were exposed in their previous probing, everyone was prepared for them.


 "Have you finished the investigation?" Hei Lou Lan asked an investigative Gu Master beside him.


 The investigative Gu Master was very nervous, he sat on the ground as he activated his Gu worm wholeheartedly. His forehead was folded into a frown as he replied with a trembling voice: "Star river Gu’s location has been found, it is in the flying bear’s mouth, on the largest tooth on the left side. As for the other Gu worms, we have to continue searching."


 It was different to deal with beasts compared to Gu Masters.


 All the Gu worms on the wild beast are wild, they can be captured. Gu worms on Gu Masters were usually refined already.


 Hei Lou Lan ordered his men to search for the location of the wild Gu because of this.


 As long as they can capture the wild Gu on the flying bear’s body, it would be much easier for them to destroy the flying bear phantom.


 Even if they could not capture it, it would suffice if they destroyed the Gu.


 Gu worms were very fragile on their own, even for Spring Autumn Cicada which was rank six, Fang Yuan just needed to squeeze lightly to squish it.


 Wild beasts did not have apertures, the wild Gu resided in their bodies, this was a huge weakness.


 Hei Lou Lan snorted, shouting: "Continue searching!"


 He was not pleased with this result, the star river Gu was inside the flying bear’s mouth, the difficulty to capture it was too high.


 During their conversation, the battlefield’s situation was getting worse.


 "Tang Miao Ming and Hei Qi Sheng are slowly becoming unable to resist!" Pei Yan Fei said with a heavy expression.


 "The flying bear’s attacks are too ferocious, luckily the wild beasts are attracting its attention. But even if the foxes and eagles die, we can replenish them, our motive of weakening the enemy has been achieved." Sun Shi Han stroked his beard as he evaluated.



***
Chapter 583: Killing flying bear, Accident at the final moment


***





 Chapter 583: Killing flying bear, Accident at the final moment


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Although wild Gu absorbed energy from the air directly, being able to use their abilities freely without any limits on primeval essence.


 But during an intense battle, towards the end, the wild Gu would become more and more passive, if they sensed that the battle was going south, they would leave their host and escape on the spot using their instinct of sensing danger.


 Thus, when attacking a wild beast, especially beast kings or desolate beasts, during the first half of the battle, it would usually contain the most firepower, after a while, the attacks would slowly become weaker and less oppressive.


 "Even so, we cannot allow the fox group and eagle group to suffer such losses, we should invite Lord Chang Shan Yin to step in." At the side, Hei Xiu Yi said.


 "Step in... to what end?" Fang Yuan folded his arms, scoffing arrogantly as he heard this: "According to our battle arrangement, I will strike first while the two of them take over after me, with such intervals, we have to each hold on for fifteen minutes. Right now, they have not even been there for half the allocated time, it is not time for me to step in yet."


 If they entered the battlefield now, the wolf group would only face the cruel slaughter of the flying bear phantom, although it would weaken the flying bear phantom as intended, if he could reduce his losses, Fang Yuan was very willing to watch on the fence.


 As for the others’ losses, was that Fang Yuan’s problem?


 Hei Xiu Yi was furious upon hearing this, but because of Fang Yuan’s status, he could only hold in his anger: "Lord Wolf King, everyone is putting in their full effort for this battle, right now Tang Miao Ming and Hei Qi Sheng are fighting with their life, but lord is watching by the side, isn’t this too much?"


 "Hmm? You dare to lecture me?" Fang Yuan frowned as his killing intent surged.


 Although he was folding his arms, a monstrous arm grew out from his back.


 The monstrous arm was extremely powerful and strong, but it also moved extremely fast, directly assaulting Hei Xiu Yi.


 Never in Hei Xiu Yi’s dreams did he think that Fang Yuan would dare to publicly, and especially during such an important battle, try to kill him?!


 Before the fist hit, he felt the intense winds blowing towards him, causing his face to feel pain already.


 An incomparable feeling of fear and danger instantly filled his heart.


 At the crucial moment, his battle senses from many years of fighting saved his life successfully.


 He reacted before even thinking, activating his defense Gu and putting up three lines of defense.


 He was a defensive Gu Master originally, and because his specialty was defense, Hei Lou Lan had once sent him to Fang Yuan as a form of protection.


 But during the battle, Hei Xiu Yi cherished his own safety and forgot about his mission, abandoning Fang Yuan on the battlefield.


 The monstrous arm was unstoppable, it smashed the three defenses quickly and hit his chest.


 Crack.


 A crisp sound could be heard.


 Hei Xiu Yi’s rib bones were all crushed, the monstrous strength sent him flying like a cannonball.


 He vomited blood while flying in the air.


 Then with a rumble, he crashed on a small mound several hundred steps away.


 When the sound of the impact was heard and the dust settled, he was half embedded into the mound, falling unconscious and losing his battle strength.


 "Lord Wolf King?!"


 "What happened? What happened! Why did they fight?"


 "Hei Xiu Yi urged Lord Wolf King to battle, the two could not get along and Wolf King suddenly burst into anger, sending Hei Xiu Yi flying!"


 Seeing such a shocking event, everyone was gasping.


 Internal conflicts were always so sudden, so severe.


 Hei Xiu Yi’s identity was not simple, he was one of the three commanders of the black banner army, an important person within the Hei tribe higher-ups. Fang Yuan attacking him with such intensity was no different than openly taunting Hei Lou Lan.


 Once Hei Lou Lan and Chang Shan Yin stood on opposing sides, this battle would not only end up in failure, the entire sacred palace would also fall into political turmoil!


 "Wolf King, what happened? I would like to hear your explanation." Hei Lou Lan’s expression was like still water as he came over to question Fang Yuan.


 He usually called Fang Yuan "Brother Shan Yin" to show their close relationship, but now that he called him "Wolf King", it showed his anger.


 But no matter how angry he was, would Fang Yuan be afraid?


 Immediately, Fang Yuan stared back at him with no fear, his killing intent dispersed as he snickered: "Tribe leader Hei Lou Lan, you came at a good time, your subordinate was truly stepping out of line, he dared to lecture me? Such a lack of respect with a complete disregard for seniority, I punished him for you, no need to thank me, don’t forget about our friendship after all."


 Using "disrespect" and "seniority", he sent two reasons over just like that.


 His final sentence mentioning "our friendship" had even deeper meaning.


 It was like he was trying to say that they had a great friendship, but it could also mean that they had no friendship at all!


 Hei Lou Lan stared furiously!


 "This Chang Shan Yin is too arrogant! He dared to hit my man! Looking at his lawless manner, does he really think I cannot do anything to him just because of his great battle strength?" Black Tyrant roared in his heart.


 He was cultivating dark path on the surface, but in truth, because of the Great Strength True Martial physique, his real cultivation was in the strength path.


 His battle strength was superb, but he could not use his strength path methods because that would accelerate the disaster of one of the ten extreme physiques.


 "I’ll endure it! Right now, we are at the crucial moment of attacking the flying bear phantom, if we get into an argument now, it would all go to waste! What is most important now is to find my strength path Immortal Gu and ascend to become a Gu Immortal!"


 As long as they killed the flying bear phantom this time, Hei Lou Lan would be able to get through this floor and his owner token would immediately become a one-edge owner token.


 With the one-edge owner token, he would be able to inspect the reward of any round of any floor, the one with a strength path Immortal Gu would be his focus and target.


 Precisely so, it was extremely important to kill the flying bear phantom, even with Hei Lou Lan’s temper and cruelty, he had to endure it.


 "I’ll let you be arrogant for once! One day, I will make you kneel down at my feet and lick my toes, if I tell you to shut up, you will keep quiet. If I ask you to bark, you will wag your tail!"


 Hei Lou Lan was extremely furious, veins were popping on his forehead, but his eyes were fixed on Fang Yuan intensely.


 Just as everyone was feeling a heavy atmosphere from this silence, and were feeling uneasy, Hei Lou Lan suddenly raised his head and laughed loudly: "Good, brother Shan Yin did a good job, such a disrespectful person should be taught a lesson indeed."


 This was akin to Hei Lou Lan taking a step back, those who knew his poor temper were all shocked.


 "His tribesman was beaten till he was unconscious in public, Hei Lou Lan actually agreed with him?"


 "Wolf King is too strong, he did not care about the super force Hei tribe, now even Hei Lou Lan need to take a step back."


 "Bullshit, this is tribe leader Hei Lou Lan caring about the big picture! He did not want to stoop to the level of Chang Shan Yin! Chang Shan Yin beat us Hei tribesmen, one day, he will pay the price."


 Everyone had their comments as they conversed in secret.


 Roar!


 The flying boar’s roaring attracted everyone’s attention again.


 The eagle and fox groups were facing great losses.


 "I have let down all the lords." Hei Qi Sheng’s nose was bleeding, his face was full of shame.


 Tang Miao Ming’s expression was pale, as her slim body was swaying with weakness.


 "Protect the two of them." Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted.


 "Both of you have had a huge contribution to this, I can see your sincerity. After this battle, you will be greatly rewarded." Hei Lou Lan had an amicable expression as he came forward to console them.


 The flying bear lost its obstacles and charged forward towards everyone.


 By right, the wolf group should be charging up to continue weakening the bear.


 But Hei Lou Lan looked at Fang Yuan who was folding his arms arrogantly, not saying a word, in fact his wolves were retreating faster than anyone on the battlefield.


 "I’ll endure! One day, I will make you pay a huge price!" Hei Lou Lan gritted his teeth, knowing that he could not make Fang Yuan do anything, if he forced Fang Yuan and got rejected in public, he would take a huge hit to his reputation and be deeply humiliated.


 Thus, Hei Lou Lan shouted loudly: "Strike, initiate the second step of the plan!"


 "Go!"


 Immediately, two people flew out like lightning.


 One was a slim and elegant person wearing a fluttering blue dress, it was White Fairy Xi Xue.


 The other was muscular and stable, wearing a yellow robe, it was Gu tribe leader Gu Guo Long.


 White Fairy Xi Xue flew into the air, her sleeves were waving as she shouted in an alluring manner, causing snow to descend immediately.


 It was her signature rank five Gu worm — flying snow Gu.


 Gu Guo Long ran on the ground, his legs were moving like turbines, everywhere he went, smoke rose as rocks were sent flying.


 It was also a rank five Gu, called flying sand moving rock.


 At once, white snow was floating in the air, while sand and rocks were rolling on the ground.


 The giant mountain-like flying bear phantom was stuck between the snow and sand, its speed reduced drastically as its vision was also obscured.


 It roared loudly, waving its paws in the snow and sand, but the air currents generated from its attacks made the sand and snow even more intense, blurring its sight.


 Seeing this, Hei Lou Lan laughed cruelly, ordering: "Third step!"


 This time, almost ten people charged into the battlefield.


 Every one of them was an expert, there was Bian Si Xuan, Hao Ji Liu, Pei Yan Fei, Gao Yang, Shu Zai, Dou E, Nie Ya Qing, Tao You, Lu Shuang...


 These Gu Masters were either rank four peak stage or rank five experts.


 Adding in Gu Guo Long and Xi Xue, they were truly a powerful formation.


 They drilled into the snow and sand, attacking furiously towards the flying bear phantom.


 The flying bear phantom roared continuously, it was very agitated and attacked randomly, but had little effect.


 On the other hand, the Gu Masters had used their investigative Gu worms from the start, their vision was clear as they constantly avoided the bear while unleashing strong attacks.


 Pei Yan Fei grew wings as his swallow wings were like scissors tearing through the sky.


 Swallow wings Gu.


 Golden coat Gu.


 Rainbow transformation Gu.


 Killer move — Golden Rainbow Strike!


 He turned into a golden flash of lightning as he charged down with fierce crackling.


 The flying bear roared in pain, blood was spewing as a huge injury appeared on its chest, from the left shoulder to its right waist.


 Nie Ya Qing followed closely after.


 He was a rank five Gu Master, using the iron hook silver slash Gu.


 His palm formed into an eagle claw shape as he aimed at the flying bear phantom, slashing with his fingers.


 Immediately, several flashes appeared in the air, some were as dark as steel while some were shining like silver.


 His claws continued to tear at the sky, as countless flashes attacked the flying bear phantom’s eyes, nose, and mouth.


 Nie Ya Qing attacked its weak points, causing the flying bear to take the hit passively.


 "Overlapping shadow." Bian Si Xuan shouted lightly, as the shadow sword in her hand waved.


 A dark sword shadow flew several hundred steps and attacked the flying bear’s right leg noiselessly, leaving a ten meter long wound.


 "Protect me." Ye Lui Sang shouted, raising both his palms as a fireball appeared above him, growing and expanding at a rapid speed.


 The fireball became larger and larger, as the battlefield was dyed red, the light from the fireball could not be concealed by the snow and sand.


 The flying bear felt the danger too and struggled, charging towards Ye Lui Sang who was in the air.


 But the next moment, it was attacked by Dou E, Gu Guo Long, and Tao You.


 Dou E was a transformation path Gu master, turning into a giant crocodile as he battled and retreated.


 He opened his mouth, shooting out his teeth one by one.


 The teeth hit the flying bear’s body and were embedded into it, in a few breath’s time, they exploded, causing the flying bear’s body to be covered in flesh and blood.


 Gu Guo Long waved his sleeve and dozens of Gu worms flew out.


 These Gu worms landed on the ground, causing the earth to grow into a mound.


 The mound broke and rockmen-like giant statues appeared, standing up and attacking the flying bear phantom.


 Tao You was an earth path Gu Master.


 But he and Gu Guo Long had different methods, he continued to absorb the earth energy as he gathered it into himself.


 Next, he punched consecutively, with each punch shooting out earth energy. Flying in the air, they transformed into meteors and crashed onto the flying bear’s body.


 Bam bam bam...


 As the intense meteors collided, the flying bear’s attacks towards Ye Lui Sang slowed.


 Finally, Ye Lui Sang was finished with his charging and he pressed his palms down, as a giant fireball was sent down like a descending mountain, hitting the huge flying bear phantom without regard for its welfare.


 Bam——!


 With an intense explosion, ears were deafened.


 The intense wind stirred, spreading everywhere, blowing the snow and sand away to the edge of the battlefield.


 The Gu Masters who were there were blown by the intense winds, getting shocked as their clothes and hair were pulled along by the wind.


 When the dust settled, a huge crater formed on the battlefield.


 All around the deep crater, a sand-like surface could be seen due to the strong heat from the fire.


 The flying bear phantom was curled up into a ball, making no sounds. Its body was covered in five lights that were interchanging, black, white, red, yellow, and azure.


 Rank five — five element bear skin Gu.


 This Gu could greatly reduce the damage from metal, wood, water, fire, and earth path Gu worms, but under the attacks of so many experts, the flying bear’s body was covered in injuries as blood spewed everywhere, and some injuries were so deep bones could be seen.


 Gu Masters were standing at the edge of the crater, watching the flying bear.


 Although the flying bear was strong, after two rounds of battle, such results had been obtained.


 "Be careful, do not forget that it still has the grand chaotic dance Gu." Sun Shi Han reminded.


 The Gu Masters had a serious expression as some nodded lightly.


 Grand chaotic dance Gu was a rank five Gu, it could cause the flying bear to go into a frenzied state, increasing its strength and speed greatly, at the same time its four limbs could be twisted at will.


 Once this wild Gu was activated, the flying bear’s danger level would surge, if one was not careful and got caught, they might be turned into meat paste in no more than a few breath’s time.


 "What’s there to be afraid of, don’t forget we have Old Sir Tai Bai here, whoever charges first will be heavily rewarded by me!" Hei Lou Lan shouted, his promise of rewards made the Gu Master’s eyes shine brightly.


 When great rewards are offered, brave people emerge.


 "I’ll do it!" Hao Ji Liu shouted, whipping up a wave as he charged towards the flying bear.


 Under everyone’s gazes, he advanced towards the flying bear quickly.


 A thousand steps, five hundred steps, three hundred steps!


 The flying bear suddenly raised its head, its eyes were blood red as it growled loudly, shooting out an invisible air bubble.


 The bubble expanded at lightning speed, covering both Hao Ji Liu and the flying bear, as it contracted quickly and vanished completely.


 In an instant, the flying bear and Hao Ji Liu both vanished!



***
Chapter 584: Demise of Water Demon, Fang Yuan’s enlightening words


***





 Chapter 584: Demise of Water Demon, Fang Yuan’s enlightening words


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 With such a sudden event, everyone’s expressions changed.


 "What happened? Where did they go?"


 "He vanished!"


 "Don’t tell me this round has some secret behind it?"


 Everyone was guessing as they discussed among themselves.


 Hei Lou Lan was frowning, feeling very perplexed.


 Sun Shi Han’s expression was grim and uncertain, he seemed to have thought of something as he spoke in a hesitant manner: "Is it the battle space Gu?"


 "Battle space Gu?" At once, everyone’s attention was focused on Sun Shi Han.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes shone with brilliance as he said deeply: "This is indeed a space path Gu worm, but if it is the battle space Gu, then elder Hao Ji Liu is in trouble."


 "Battle space Gu vanished for so many years, to think it would reappear here today." Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed, it seemed he had confirmed it.


 He had obtained an Immortal inheritance from the old beggar, he naturally had great knowledge.


 "What is the battle space Gu?" Everyone asked.


 Ye Lui Sang’s gaze was grave, he was the current tribe leader of Ye Lui tribe, a super tribe, but because they lost, he had to join Hei tribe.


 He owned a mysterious fire path Immortal Gu, he was well-learnt and had a wealth of knowledge, at this point, he started explaining: "The battle space Gu is a rank five space path Gu worm. Once activated, it can send both the enemy and the user into a unique space. In there, they will fight to the death, so only when the winner is decided, or when the time runs out, would they be released from that space."


 "Sigh, to think that the flying bear had such a Gu worm hidden!" Hei Lou Lan sighed as he looked at the sky, speaking with a hateful tone.


 Everyone’s expression was grim as ever, expressing their worry towards Hao Ji Liu’s safety.


 The flying bear phantom was so strong, even with everyone’s combined strength, they could not kill it, how could Hao Ji Liu face it all on his own?


 The result of this match could be easily predicted by anyone — the flying bear wins and Hao Ji Liu loses.


 Although Hao Ji Liu had first rate escaping methods like water image Gu, Ye Lui Sang had already said that the space created by battle space Gu would only close when one side has a clear victory, decided by life and death.


 Even if Hao Ji Liu used all his escaping methods, he would be captured and killed by the flying bear phantom eventually.


 Unless he had an opposing space path Gu.


 But Hao Ji Liu was a water path Gu Master, everyone knew that.


 Even among all the experts present, none of them were in the space path, thus there was nothing they could do to the battle space Gu.


 "Maybe there is still some hope, tribe leader Ye Lui Sang said earlier that ’only when the winner is decided, or when the time runs out’, this ’time runs out’ means?" Tang Miao Ming asked.


 Ye Lui Sang sighed deeply: "Sigh, this time restriction is for Gu Masters. To maintain the battle space Gu, primeval essence will be expended constantly. If a Gu Master uses it, the battle space would vanish when their primeval essence is completely used up."


 At this point, everyone lost their hope.


 The flying bear phantom’s battle space Gu was a wild Gu.


 Wild Gu absorbed the primeval energy in the air, and as the primeval energy in the air was continuously supplied, there was no way for the ’time limit’ to end.


 "If we can absorb all the primeval energy in the air, would that work?" Bian Si Xuan gave a very good suggestion, everyone’s eyes were shining.


 But it was no use.


 After discussing for a while, everyone found that to deal with the invisible and formless primeval energy, qi path methods were required.


 But qi path was an ancient path, it had once flourished but had been replaced later by the rising strength path.


 By now, strength path had declined, not to mention qi path.


 Qi path had been near extinction for a long time.


 It was extremely rare to see a qi path Gu Master.


 Even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng had roamed northern plains for so many years, he had only see three qi path cultivators. The most recent one, who was also the strongest, was Liu Wen Wu’s sworn brother — the variant human Mo Shi Kuang.


 But this person had followed Liu Wen Wu since long ago, he was part of Liu tribe, why would he serve under Hei Lou Lan?


 Even if he could help, he was an attack type Gu Master, he might not have the ability to deal with the primeval energy. In any case, no one could enter Imperial Court blessed land anymore at this point.


 "Qi path is not the most important. The most crucial thing is to break the connection between the primeval energy and battle space Gu, we do not need to get rid of the primeval energy in this area." Tai Bai Yun Sheng said as he stroked his beard.


 But this was something no one could do.


 Breaking the connection between the primeval energy and wild Gu was the signature ability of restriction path.


 Restriction path was also a rare path, there were very few restriction path Gu Masters.


 Among everyone present, no one was a restriction path Gu Master.


 "Sigh, earlier when I obtained a high grade evaluation and entered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s treasure room, I found the restriction path primeval break Gu, it could be used in this scenario. But who could I have predicted this, I ended up exchanging something else." Lui Shuang patted his thigh, expressing his regret.


 Fang Yuan was folding his arms, expression and not speaking as he stood at one side.


 "Think harder, there has to be a way." Hei Lou Lan had just spoken, when the space shook, the huge body of the flying bear phantom appearing before them.


 It opened its mouth and roared, showing its frenzy nature.


 Everyone’s heart sank, quickly looking for Hao Ji Liu’s traces.


 If he is alive they must see him, if he is dead they must at least see the corpse, but they could not find it anywhere.


 "Quick, look at the flying bear’s mouth!" Sun Shi Han was an investigative Gu Master, he was the first to find the trace.


 Everyone looked over and saw that the flying bear’s mouth had traces of blood, and there were some cloth stuck in between its teeth.


 This cloth was very familiar to them, everyone pondered about it and quickly realized, wasn’t this Hao Ji Liu’s clothing?


 They understood at once.


 Hao Ji Liu was eaten by the flying bear!


 What a pity for Hao Ji Liu, the great demonic path expert, known as the "Water Demon", displaying great brilliance in the Imperial Court contest, yet he died at this very place.


 Fate was full of uncertainty, the cruelty of reality made everyone feel a strong sense of pity and dread.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng could do nothing either.


 Although he had man as before Gu, but it needed a target to use it on, right now Hao Ji Liu’s corpse was chewed up by the flying bear, and swallowed into its stomach.


 How could he be saved?


 The Gu Masters’ morale fell.


 "The flying bear phantom is too ferocious, how can we fight it?"


 "It is so cramped inside the battle space, the flying bear has the five element bear skin Gu, wind tiger cloud dragon Gu, star river Gu, and grand chaotic dance Gu, if we fought it alone, who could be its match?"


 "We could never have expected this final round to be difficult to this degree!"


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s rounds got harder towards the later stages, and the final, hundredth round was the hardest.


 Right now Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had already created more than ten floors, the Gu Masters were working hard to clear all the rounds for rewards, but most of them were stuck at the ninetieth or so round.


 This final round was the first one everyone had arrived at.


 "Damn it, morale is so low, it is hard to fight anymore, do we return empty handed this time?" Hei Lou Lan’s expression was grim.


 This time, they created a huge party for this challenge, yet they lost an expert without gaining anything. This was a huge blow to his reputation and prestige.


 Disregarding that, what Hei Lou Lan wanted was a strength path Immortal Gu, meaning he needed a one-edge owner token.


 If he could not clear this floor, he would only have an ordinary edgeless owner token.


 If he gave up on this floor and chose other floors to challenge, he would need to expend a lot of time.


 Time waits for no man, and this too went for him, Hei Lou Lan!


 Just as the troop’s morale was sinking, Fang Yuan slowly said with a calm expression: "What difficulty is there in killing the flying bear?"


 Once he said so, dozens of gazes turned around to look at him.


 But soon, they lowered their gazes.


 Wolf King was no longer the Wolf King in the rumors.


 In the past, Wolf King Chang Shan Yin was a great heroic character in northern plains, a legend who exterminated Ha Tu Gu and his band of bandits.


 The current Wolf King was a flying and enslavement master, the number one fierce general publicly recognised in this current Imperial Court contest. During the final battle, he took down the enemy’s commander easily from amidst the army, showing his great strength!


 He had become even more arrogant and aloof, even becoming cruel and ruthless, striking as a means of persuasion. Hei Xiu Yi who was nearly killed by him was a prime example.


 Looking back in time, there was another example, Sun Shi Han.


 He had once been attacked by Chang Shan Yin in public, his entire face was trampled on the ground under everyone’s watchful eye, he had lost all his pride and face.


 Only Hei Lou Lan’s gaze approached him, only the ’Black Tyrant’ had no fear towards the unrestrained and arrogant Chang Shan Yin.


 "Brother Shan Yin, I would like to hear your brilliant plan!" Hei Lou Lan cupped his fists.


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly: "It is not a brilliant plan, there is no harm in saying it."


 He paused before saying: "This battle space Gu is quite special, but it is only rank five, there has to be restrictions on it, particularly in range. In my opinion, as long as we fight it from afar and avoid the range of battle space Gu’s effect, we will be fine."


 Hei Lou Lan was shocked, these words truly made him feel as though he was waking up from a dream!


 Everyone’s eyes were shining, some patted their head as they said excitedly: "I was too frightened by battle space Gu’s reputation."


 Indeed, any Gu worm had its range of effect.


 The battle space Gu’s range should not be wide, otherwise, it would not have waited for Hao Ji Liu to get close before activating it.


 Of course, battle space Gu was a wild Gu, so the range had to be assessed more carefully.


 "Next, I will manipulate the wolf group and encircle the flying bear, you guys will attack from afar using long range methods." Fang Yuan commanded.


 Hei Lou Lan was overjoyed, he could not command Fang Yuan to move, now that Fang Yuan was voluntarily entering battle, he quickly said: "We will do as Wolf King says!"


 Battle ensued again.


 The wolf group was inside trapping the flying bear. The Gu Masters were outside unleashing a rain of attacks from afar.


 Like this, the scene of a group of ants eating an elephant was formed.


 Flying bear roared continuously, using star river Gu, wind tiger cloud dragon Gu, grand chaotic dance Gu and others, causing great casualties to the wolf group.


 In contrast, the Gu Masters were all safe and sound, no more deaths occurred.


 Hei Lou Lan was initially afraid of Fang Yuan withdrawing due to huge casualties in the wolf group.


 But Fang Yuan showed a strong attitude, he did not retreat even though he was having losses, he even disregarded the wolf corpses.


 Hei Lou Lan was perplexed, but after thinking about it, he attributed Fang Yuan’s reason for not retreating no matter what to his earlier promise — once they cleared this, Wolf King would get fifty percent of the reward!


 What he did not know was, Fang Yuan’s true motive was his owner token.


 Hei Lou Lan wanted to elevate his owner token, that suited Fang Yuan’s interests, after his owner token becomes four-edge, Fang Yuan would snatch it away and form the ten-edge owner token, obtaining a Giant Sun true inheritance.


 Because of Fang Yuan’s intervention, the scales of victory tilted towards the Gu Masters.


 Flying bear’s injuries became heavier, as blood flowed down the mound like a waterfall.


 Roar!


 Suddenly, the flying bear roared again, shooting out another invisible bubble.


 The rank five battle space Gu was activated once again.


 The Gu Masters were prepared for this, retreating quickly, but the bubble was targeted at a blood forest wolf.


 Swoosh.


 With a light sound, the flying bear and the blood forest wolf vanished.


 "Using the same move again, what’s the use?" Someone saw this and laughed.


 "As long as we do not get closer, why would we be afraid of the battle space Gu? Hahaha!"


 "All of you shut up!" Hei Lou Lan screamed furiously, showing a very annoyed and irritated expression.


 Not just him, Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the others also had a grim expression.



***
Chapter 585: Finally getting through, Fang Yuan requests for an Immortal Gu


***





 Chapter 585: Finally getting through, Fang Yuan requests for an Immortal Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 This time, the battle space lasted much longer than before, lasting half a day before it dispersed. The hill-sized giant flying bear phantom appeared once again before everyone.


 "Damn it, just like we thought!" Sun Shi Han cried out involuntarily.


 "Hmph!" Hei Lou Lan was also not looking well.


 There were no injuries on the flying bear phantom’s body, a dazzling halo flowing through its snow-white fur. Its eyes were bright and its battle intent soared high; it had seemingly made a complete recovery


 Flying bear had a rank five healing Gu which had already been investigated clearly.


 As for its opponent - the blood forest wolf - which had been pulled into the battle space, only a pile of white bones remained.


 "Can we still fight it?" Even Pei Yan Fei with his raging battle intent, felt indecisive at this moment.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng stroked his beard and muttered: "No matter how serious the flying bear phantom’s injuries are, as long as it uses battle space Gu to enter the battle space, it can recover back to its prime state in half a day. And during this time, we can do nothing but to just look on."


 "Right, battle space Gu might only be a wild Gu and not under the flying bear’s control, but a wild Gu’s sense of danger is very sharp, and when it senses danger, it will casually choose a target to pull into the battle space to protect its host."


 "Doesn’t this mean the wolf groups also cannot be used? Wolf groups have to engage in close combat, surrounding the flying bear, aren’t they just the best targets to pull into the battle space?"


 "Looks like only us Gu Masters should attack now!"


 When someone said this, the scene suddenly quietened.


 Throwing out the wolf groups and making Gu Masters assault the flying bear phantom was also not feasible!


 The flying bear could quickly pull a Gu Master into the battle space. The Gu Master was sure to struggle bitterly to their last breath, using every method they had to keep on living.


 There was a very simple way to break the battle space and not give the flying bear enough time to heal: the Gu Master that was pulled in to the battle space needed to immediately suicide.


 But no one would want to kill themselves, survival instinct was human nature.


 Even Tai Bai Yun Sheng would not be able to save them; Water Demon Hao Ji Liu’s bloody tragedy was a clear example of it.


 "The final round is really too difficult. We have gathered so many people with many heroes, but we are actually helpless against this flying bear phantom with our combined strength!"


 Flying bear quietly lied down on the ground, vigilantly looking at the crowd. It did not attack and only let out low roars.


 "It should not be like this, the crucial thing is we have no way to restrain battle space Gu. We don’t have methods of restriction path and qi path."


 "Hei tribe leader, I suggest we change the strategy." Ye Lui Sang was also a tribe leader of a super force, others might not dare to speak up, but he could talk bluntly.


 Hei Lou Lan gave a snort but did not reply.


 His thoughts moved like lightning: ’Looking at this situation, it is almost impossible to resolve the problem of battle space Gu. It seems like there is only one way, that is for me to go into battle and make the flying bear pull me into the battle space. In the battle space, I can use my strength path killer move and kill the flying bear!"


 His strength path killer move was extremely powerful, it was a secret technique of Hei tribe.


 Hei Lou Lan could not take care of the flying bear with just the dark path cultivation which he showed on the surface. But if he used his strength path abilities, with the amplification from his Great Strength True Martial Physique, it would not be difficult for him to kill the flying bear.


 But if he did so, he would be breaking the sealing effect of Immortal Gu Dark Limit, which would quicken the appearance of the disaster of one of the ten extreme physiques.


 "The time I have is already not enough, now if I use my strength path killer move to kill the flying bear, this time will shorten even more. And in this short period of time, I still need to attack another floor, clear a hundred rounds and obtain a strength path Immortal Gu, this difficulty is too large!"


 "But if I don’t cross this round, I won’t have a one-edge owner token, so how could I know about the position of the strength path Immortal Gu? Whether I change the strategy or ask for support from the tribe, they both require time!"


 "The worst situation will be if I use the strength path killer move, kill this flying bear, obtain a one-edge owner token, but there is no strength path Immortal Gu in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building..."


 Hei Lou Lan was hesitating.


 This matter concerned his life and death while the path ahead was filled with darkness, even he could not avoid being indecisive and helpless.


 "It is not difficult to break the battle space."


 One astonishing sentence resounded in the place.


 Everyone followed the voice towards its source; it was none other than Wolf King once again.


 "Brother Shan Yin, you have another method?" Hei Lou Lan immediately asked.


 Fang Yuan smiled: "I should also be making an all-out effort for the fifty-percent reward, right? My plan is divided into three steps. First, we will use long-range methods to exhaust the flying bear’s energy as much as possible. Second, we will send a death warrior to engage in close combat; he will have to immediately suicide if he is pulled into the battle space. Third, the flying bear will have no time to take a breather, and we continue with long-range battle; we will definitely be able to kill this beast once we maintain this plan!"


 "Good plan!"


 "How could I have not thought of it?"


 Some people cheered; some people slapped their thighs loudly in pleasant surprise; while some people inwardly muttered of this plan’s cruelty.


 But no matter what they commented, everyone knew this method could solve the problem.


 In northern plains where battles occurred frequently, every single tribe possessed death warriors; it was only a matter of whether they had many or few, whether they were elites or ordinary.


 Hei tribe was a super force, the death warriors they cultivated were not only many in number, but were also elites.


 "This way..." Tai Bai Yun Sheng slightly frowned, disturbed by this plan.


 Sun Shi Han’s eyes flashed with brilliance as he looked at Hei Lou Lan without speaking.


 Dying in battle and taking the initiative to throw away one’s life were two completely different concepts.


 The former was the honor of the brave, while the latter was those in power bringing disaster to other’s lives for their benefits.


 If this plan was really to be carried out, Hei Lou Lan, this Hei tribe leader’s reputation would be completely destroyed.


 This was against the values of the righteous path.


 Being in the righteous path, their biggest concern was reputation.


 Those with bad reputation would have a limited achievement in the righteous path. Demonic path was different, no matter what the reputation was, its main value was strength! Thus, within the demonic path, there was the plague-like Hao Ji Liu, as opposed to the life-savior Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Because of this, Sun Shi Han did not attempt to advise this matter.


 He was a smart man and knew no matter how he said it or persuaded, it would not be appropriate.


 He had even thought of this method earlier, but did not suggest it.


 He did not dare.


 The current Sun Shi Han was already an external elder of Hei tribe. Once he suggested this, it would be asking to soil his reputation, would he still be able to stay with Hei tribe then?


 "Probably only this sinister and cruel Wolf King can say it without any misgivings." Sun Shi Han secretly glanced at Fang Yuan with hatred and fear, his cheeks seemingly twitching in pain.


 But what Sun Shi Han did not know was — to Hei Lou Lan, what use would reputation be when his own life was about to be over?!


 When Hei Lou Lan heard Fang Yuan’s plan, he immediately decided to use it.


 But he still frowned and thought for a long while, hesitating, pitifully sighing and showing a profound ’merciful’ expression. Finally, he heaved a long sigh and spoke a pile of erudite words.


 The main idea was: They were forced to use this plan. The tribesmen who die will be given grand burial by him as a brother, and he will personally take care of their family, give compensation, and so on.


 Everyone knew it, but they could not point it out, this was the game rule of the righteous path.


 After going through this process, Hei Lou Lan immediately summoned Hei tribe’s death warriors to enter the battle.


 These death warriors from Hei tribe were all of rank two cultivation and had been brought up by Hei tribe since youth, imbued day and night with the ideology of loyalty to the tribe.


 As for rank three death warriors, it was not that there were none of them. But once they reach rank three, they would become a precious resource and almost every one of them would be free from the status of a death warrior.


 Only super forces would have a number of death warriors of rank three and even rank four cultivation, but they would not use them so lightly.


 Hei Lou Lan was this generation’s Hei tribe leader and if he sent these death warriors to their deaths, they could not refuse him.


 If the emperor wants his subjects dead, the subjects need to die no matter what, regardless of their will!


 This was the system.


 The following battle went without any accidents.


 The battle persisted till more than ten death warriors were sacrificed, and the flying bear phantom finally collapsed on the ground, breathing its last.


 But when everyone wanted to deliver the final strike, they suddenly discovered they could not even budge.


 "What is happening?!"


 "It is Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s power making us not able to move!"


 "This, isn’t this too shameless. Only a move more and we could kill this flying bear!"


 Everyone shouted and raged at this stupefying situation.


 Only Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil, he had a six-edge owner token and knew that this round was over.


 Hei Lou Lan also felt this and immediately took out his owner token, fixing his gaze at it and saw an edge gradually emerging from the originally round owner token.


 At the same time, a strong sense of fortune entered the depths of his heart, letting him know that he was in full control of this floor.


 ’So we had no need to kill the flying bear in this final round and only needed to beat it to near death!’ Hei Lou Lan was exulted inwardly, but showed a mournful expression on his face, sighing, "Everyone, do not fret, the battle has ended, we were successful, this round is crossed. Sigh... what happened to my Hei tribe’s children was truly a pity. If not for the battle space isolating the connection between the inside and outside, I would have definitely used puppets or wild Gu to replace them."


 "Passed... we passed?" Everyone was shocked and excited.


 "Tribe leader Hei Lou Lan, I wonder what the rewards for this round are? Is it possible to let this old man broaden his horizons." Tai Bai Yun Sheng inquired. The motive for him entering Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was lifespan Gu. However, lifespan Gu was rare and precious and could only appear as the rewards for ninetieth or above rounds.


 Hei Lou Lan revealed a peculiar expression at the inquiry and pointed at the dying flying bear phantom: "That is this round’s reward."


 "What?"


 "This flying bear phantom?"


 "How could it be?"


 Everyone was shocked once again, only Fang Yuan knew clearly.


 He possessed a six-edge owner token, and knew the rewards for any round of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s current floors like the back of his palm. Before even tackling this round, he knew of this round’s reward - it was a rank six phantom path Immortal Gu with a simple to understand name - flying bear phantom Gu.


 Sure enough, at the next moment, under everyone’s astonished gazes, the dying giant flying bear gradually turned into an enormous ball of white light.


 The white light shrunk rapidly, finally turning into a speck of light that flew towards Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan quickly received it and carefully observed it.


 He was the master of the owner token, the reward for passing this round was his. He had just come into contact with this flying bear phantom Gu, but easily refined it because of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s power.


 Fang Yuan’s six-edge owner token was different. It was created from exploitation and could only receive the floor’s rewards after taking control of the floor. Naturally, it was not like it could not contest against Hei Lou Lan’s owner token, but once they contested, Giant Sun’s will would awaken which would cause a great loss to him, or even face a tragic end.


 This risk was better not taken if possible.


 Flying bear phantom Gu was looking very dim, its aura was weak like it was near death, its condition was extremely poor.


 But Hei Lou Lan was unable to take his eyes off it. What was this?


 ’This is an Immortal Gu!’


 He had just sighed with emotions inwardly when a voice sounded in his ears: "This Immortal Gu, give it to me."


 The tone of the voice was flat, but it could not suppress the determination within.


 Hei Lou Lan immediately frowned, he did not need to look around to know who the speaker was.


 Who else had guts to mention such a request besides Wolf King Chang Shan Yin?



***
Chapter 586: Using flying bear, Mo Yao speaks of phantom path


***





 Chapter 586: Using flying bear, Mo Yao speaks of phantom path


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 When Fang Yuan publicly requested the flying bear phantom Gu, Hei Lou Lan’s immediate reaction was to object immediately.


 This was an Immortal Gu!


 Even an ordinary Gu Immortal would not obtain one easily. No matter how amazing Wolf King was, he was only a mortal, he dared to make such an absurd request?!


 Moreover, this flying bear phantom Gu was extremely easy to use.


 With just a single thought, and a toss of the Gu, one could make the Gu worm transform into the flying bear phantom and engage in combat.


 Although the flying bear phantom’s battle strength was not as terrifying as the desolate beast flying bear, it definitely had half-immortal battle strength, with this Gu, one could easily dominate the mortal realm.


 If during the Immortal Court contest, Hei Lou Lan had such an Immortal Gu...


 There would be no place for Fang Yuan to display his abilities!


 Fang Yuan opened asked for it, it was very rude. However, even though Hei Lou Lan was furious, he felt that this was only natural.


 After all, only a person like Chang Shan Yin would have the guts to make such a request in public.


 Looking at the flying bear phantom Gu in his hand, Hei Lou Lan slowly calmed down.


 "Not good, the flying bear phantom was half beaten to death by us, this Immortal Gu’s condition is extremely poor, it cannot be used now, it has to recover for some time."


 "An injured Immortal Gu needs an Immortal Gu to heal it. Other than that, it can only self recover, but during that period it would need to consume lots of food, unceasingly."


 "If I did not remember wrongly, this flying bear phantom Gu’s food is the desolate beast flying bear’s flesh and blood. This is problematic! How can I have such a thing? I have to seek help from the tribe’s immortals."


 The more Hei Lou Lan thought about it, the more his anger subsided.


 He was of the ten extreme physique’s Great Strength True Martial Physique, he needed a strength path Immortal Gu to ascend to Gu Immortal realm and escape the threat of death.


 The flying bear phantom Gu was not something he needed, what he desperately wanted now was a strength path Immortal Gu.


 "My most important priority at the moment is to find a strength path Immortal Gu. Immortal Gu are often only given at the final round of a floor, during the process of completing this, I will need everyone’s strength."


 Although Hei Lou Lan was not afraid of Chang Shan Yin, if he forcefully kept the flying bear phantom Gu, then the Wolf King would definitely become enemies with him. With that gap between them, there was no way he could utilize the Wolf King’s strength again.


 He might as well give this Immortal Gu to him, to exchange for his strength, and truly help and benefit Hei Lou Lan himself.


 This way, Hei Lou Lan’s reputation could be preserved as well, no one would say that he went back on his words.


 Hei Lou Lan made many considerations, but this was only a moment in real time.


 "Hmph hmph," Sun Shi Han snickered, " Lord Wolf King, this is an Immortal Gu, you want to take it just like that? My tribe leader promised you half the rewards earlier, but that does not mean we need to give you the Immortal Gu."


 "It seems the lesson I gave you earlier was not enough." Fang Yuan heard this and frowned lightly, his gaze turned ice cold as his killing intent was released fully, towards Sun Shi Han.


 Sun Shi Han’s expression changed instantly, and he could not help but move closer to Hei Lou Lan.


 No one questioned if Fang Yuan would have the guts to directly execute the killing blow.


 The ferocity of Wolf King was ingrained in everyone’s hearts.


 "Hahaha." Hei Lou Lan laughed loudly, walking towards Fang Yuan as he patted his chest: "A true gentleman never goes back on his words! Earlier, I promised the Wolf King half the rewards, then it shall be fifty percent. It was all due to brother Shan Yin’s brilliant plan that allowed us to get through this round, I will add another ten percent of reward, but the Immortal Gu is unique, its value is immeasurable, even with your sixty percent reward, in what way are you going to compensate the remaining forty percent to us?"


 "That’s right, we put in much effort too!"


 "I have heavy injuries now, I did not retreat amidst the fierce combat, everyone can be my witness. Even Lord Water Demon Hao Ji Liu died because of this!"


 "I believe Lord Wolf King will give us a good solution."


 Everyone said in agreement, it was all targeted at Fang Yuan.


 Even though Fang Yuan had great strength, but wealth moved people’s hearts, everyone was filled with envy, jealousy and hatred upon seeing that an Immortal Gu was going to fall into his hands. Thus, they pushed all of their unhappiness towards Fang Yuan.


 Under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan frowned deeper and deeper.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed secretly: "Wolf King, oh Wolf King, even with your ferocious reputation and outstanding strength, you will still eventually be captured by me."


 Seven days later.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s seventh layer, the ninetieth round.


 In the maze, the flying bear phantom was roaring at the sky.


 Its body was covered in wounds, blood was oozing at its mouth, and several of its sharp teeth had broken. Its right eye was blinded, hanging outside its socket like a grape, it was in bad shape.


 But it only had one enemy.


 He was floating in the air, with six arms on his back, compared to the hill-like flying bear phantom which had a massive body, he was very small.


 But the flying bear phantom was serious and vigilant like it was facing a strong enemy. After they had battled for fifteen minutes, it could deeply feel how powerful this ’tiny’ enemy was.


 "Flying bear phantom Gu, it is deservedly an Immortal Gu! Even after turning into the flying bear phantom, it retains much wisdom, and is quite shrewd, in the future when I face strong foes, I can use it to restrain them and that can help me save a lot of energy."


 Fang Yuan looked at the flying bear phantom below him as he evaluated in his heart.


 Seven days ago, Hei Lou Lan gathered the band of experts and broke through the final round of the fifth floor, obtaining the flying bear phantom Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan was blunt and unrestrained, as he immediately asked for it.


 Even though the other Gu Masters were jealous and envious, trying to come up with endless excuses against this, Fang Yuan announced that he was willing to compensate the remaining half of the Gu’s worth, while giving an unrelenting attitude. Eventually, Hei Lou Lan gave this Gu to Fang Yuan.


 With this Gu, Fang Yuan went to Hei Lou Lan that night and borrowed resources, establishing a contract with him in secret.


 After returning, he used Hu Immortal blessed land to connect to treasure yellow heaven, exchanging for the relevant Gu worms and food, and during the sixth day, the flying bear phantom Gu was restored to its healthy state.


 By the seventh day, Fang Yuan secretly entered the seventh floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, personally testing the flying bear phantom Gu and the finalized killer move six arm heavenly zombie king.


 Fang Yuan ordered the flying bear phantom Gu to attack him without holding back, while he himself used the six arm heavenly zombie king to fight back.


 Flying bear phantom Gu was an Immortal Gu, it had half the battle strength of the flying bear, but it was not Fang Yuan’s match when he was in six arm heavenly zombie king mode.


 Fang Yuan was very satisfied with this result.


 He thought about it in his mind: "The killer move six arm heavenly zombie king is indeed formidable! It uses borrow strength Gu as the core to borrow the natural strength of heaven, earth, fire, water and others, sustaining itself by allowing a steady and endless torrent of strength to be supplied."


 "Most amazingly, it can transform my body into a zombie’s body temporarily, this way, my body will be in a half-dead state, my recovery speed will increase greatly and my sense of pain will reduce, I would be in the state of near unlimited energy and strength, I can do anything!"


 If it was an ordinary living body, constantly using strength would tire it out. But by becoming a heavenly zombie, Fang Yuan could avoid such a weakness.


 This kind of strength and feeling was intoxicating for Fang Yuan, but it also made him more alert.


 "I can only maintain this form for a short period of time, during intense battle, I will have to commit to the battle fully and I would not recognise the flow of time. Although this killer move is great and gives me a good feeling, it is easy to get addicted and lost when using it. I must never forget the time limit of this killer move, otherwise the consequences would be severe!"


 The killer move six arm heavenly zombie king was powerful, but had a time limit. Once the time limit was exceeded, the Gu Master might turn into a real zombie from over usage.


 The severity of this surpassed even the ten extreme physique’s disaster, even if he used the yin-yang rotation Gu, he could not recover.


 Fang Yuan wanted to get rid of this weakness, but Mo Yao’s requirements were too strict, Fang Yuan could not find a suitable person to test the Gu.


 "Actually, you have not fully unleashed the true power of this flying bear phantom Gu." At this time, Mo Yao’s will in Fang Yuan’s mind spoke.


 "Oh, what do you mean?"


 Mo Yao had some understanding regarding phantom path: "Phantom path, it focuses on the forms of phantom and solid, during the initial stage from rank one to five, phantom is the foundation, using phantom form to avoid attacks. Thus, phantom path Gu masters often lack attacking power, but have ample defensive measures. But at rank six and above, phantom path Gu Immortals have both offense and defense, by turning into phantom and solid form at will, they can go into the defensive phantom mode, nullifying all forms of attacks, and also turn phantom into solid, attacking people when they least expect it."


 "The flying bear phantom Gu is a phantom path Immortal Gu, it was created by killing the desolate beast flying bear and using all of its skin, bones, flesh, blood, and soul to refine it. Just the flying bear phantom Gu alone has half the strength of the real flying bear. But if it was given accompanying Gu worms, like the battle space Gu, grand chaotic dance Gu, five element bear skin Gu and others, its battle strength would surge greatly."


 Mo Yao’s words made Fang Yuan nod repeatedly.


 He recalled the fight when they were at the final round, precisely because of the flying bear phantom’s Gu worms could it have a huge boost in battle strength, even causing the band of experts to be helpless.


 But after the battle, battle space Gu was taken by Hei Lou Lan, and the remaining Gu worms were also taken by other people.


 Fang Yuan was fighting the flying bear phantom alone in secret, the flying bear phantom had no Gu worms left, thus, Fang Yuan could have the upper hand when fighting.


 He had some degree of comprehension in this: "Looking at it from another angle, complementing the flying bear phantom Gu with other Gu worms is exactly like using multiple Gu worms at once. Isn’t this a killer move?"


 Killer moves are a Gu Master’s unique creation, using many Gu worms at the same time together to create an effect greater than when used individually, unleashing great strength.


 Mo Yao nodded in agreement: "Your comprehension is completely right, that is so. However, what truly complements the flying bear phantom Gu are only phantom path Gu worms. Forget the rest, just a single turn phantom Gu would allow the flying bear phantom Gu to turn from solid to phantom form, evading all sorts of attacks."


 "Turn phantom Gu?" Fang Yuan’s heart shook uncontrollably.


 He could completely imagine that when the turn phantom Gu is used with the flying bear phantom Gu, it would become an extremely troublesome enemy.


 This could transform the usage of flying bear phantom Gu completely, achieving a true qualitative change to a degree.


 Mo Yao laughed lightly, saying: "Lad, as long as you return Water Pavilion to Spirit Affinity House properly, I will tell you the details of three phantom path inheritances, among them, one is likely to be a phantom path Gu Immortal inheritance."


 "We’ll talk about that later." Fang Yuan calmed down, replying in a plain tone.


 He had never removed his alertness towards Mo Yao.


 Although Mo Yao did not displayed any hostile intentions, Fang Yuan had always felt a sense of danger in his heart.



***
Chapter 587: The vast difference between immortal and mortal


***





 Chapter 587: The vast difference between immortal and mortal


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Time passed by rapidly and a month had passed.


 Northern plains.


 The wind raged and snow fluttered around.


 The world was a scene of white as the white snow covered the large grassland. Bone chilling wind blew everywhere; occasionally, it would form into a tornado and occasionally, it would lift the deep snow on the ground.


 Every ten years, the blizzard disaster devastated the whole of northern plains. Living beings lamented and all things turned destitute. At a few limited places, the surviving humans and animals were struggling for their lives.


 They not only had to overcome the frigid climate, but also needed to engage in fierce combat against snow monsters and other battles.


 However, in such a cruel environment, snowmen were like fish in water, moving very frequently and becoming extremely lively.


 The ice cold blizzard was merely a warm spring wind to snowmen.


 They hunted in this blizzard, and large numbers of wild snow path, ice path and water path Gu worms started to live one after another on their body.


 The snowmen tribes who were hunted by the Gu Masters, beaten down and sold during normal times, were now experiencing enormous growth. Their forces expanded rapidly.


 In the raging blizzard, two dark figures appeared.


 The dark figures stood on a cliff, overflowing with immortal aura; they were Hei tribe’s two Gu Immortals — Hei Bai and Hei Cheng.


 They looked down towards the valley under them.


 The blizzard was still wild, but it was not even able to sway the two’s clothes. The snow fluttered madly, but was not able to obstruct the two’s probing gazes.


 In the valley, many ice houses were built, packed together with the numbers reaching several tens of thousands.


 A group of heroic snowmen warriors had just returned from their hunt. They had returned with great harvests once again.


 Rank six wood path Gu Immortal Hei Bai frowned: "Hmph, this group of snowmen is taking advantage of this time period to grow so rapidly! In these three days, this is already the seventh tribe we have seen of such a scale."


 Those who are not my race have different motives, although snowmen had men in their name, they were still variant humans.


 When the blizzard ends, northern plains’ tribes would actively start developing which was bound to result in many large battles with these snowmen.


 To human tribes, such a large number of snowmen meant their enemy was more in number and stronger.


 Hei Cheng patted Hei Bai’s shoulder, smiling: "Virtuous brother should be happy. Looking at it from another angle, these snowmen are our wealth! We can take these snowmen as captives and not only exchange them for immortal essence stones with other Gu Immortals, we can also give Xue Song Zi something to cry about."


 The corners of Hei Bai’s lips raised to an arc: "Elder brother thinks in a comprehensive way. If not for Xue Song Zi, the wooden chicken Gu would have already been in my hands. And he even meddled in the last Imperial Court contest. These days, we have been hunting snowmen everywhere and selling them in treasure yellow heaven. Hehehe, I really want to see how Xue Song Zi’s expression is like now."


 But the moment he finished saying this, his smile disappeared and his gaze revealed a trace of anxiety: "Elder brother, Hei Lou Lan has already been in Imperial Court for so long, and according to the time, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building should have already formed over twenty floors. Why is there still no trace of wooden chicken Gu?"


 Hei Cheng laughed: "Do not fret, do not fret. Eighty-Eight True Yang Building has altogether eighty-eight floors, this is not much. Hei Lou Lan, this kid might have a irascible temper, but he is meticulous when it comes to the big picture. He hasn’t broken off the contact with us since he entered Imperial Court, isn’t that right? Moreover, he now already has one-edge owner token, as long as wooden chicken Gu is involved in the creation of a new floor, Hei Lou Lan can sense it, and we will receive the news."


 Hei tribe was a super force, although they did not have ability in exploiting the flaws that could match the level of Fairy Mo Yao, they had their own ways to use Gu worms to transfer messages inside and out.


 Hei Bai sighed: "Imperial Court blessed land and northern plains’ outside world have differing time flow. A day here in the outside world is equal to over twenty days in Imperial Court blessed land. I am somewhat worried Hei Lou Lan’s notice will be late, and if so, the help we can provide will be small."


 Hei Cheng comforted with a smile: "Virtuous brother, the more you worry, the more frantic you will get. Relax, according to Hei Lou Lan’s strength, getting through three or four floors would not be a problem. Before this, we’d better take care of this group of snowmen."


 "Okay." Hei Bai’s worry was slightly relieved, as he nodded.


 The two shot down like lightning, directly charging into the snowman tribe within the valley.


 Hei Cheng chuckled.


 Instantly, an unrestrained laughter shook the world, stopping even the moving clouds! The whole valley buzzed from the tremor and the majestic snowfall also slowed.


 Crash crash crash....


 The soundwave swept through the valley, crushing countless ice buildings into fine powder.


 The snowman tribe instantly suffered serious losses!


 "Enemy attack! Enemy attack!"


 "A strong enemy has appeared. Warriors, it is time to protect our homeland!!"


 "Protect our homeland. Remember, we cannot fall down, behind us are our wives, children and parents!"


 Snowmen were in an uproar, and after a short moment of panic, they prepared to resist.


 "Hmph, overestimating your strength." Hei Bai looked at the snowmen flocking together while floating in midair, his gaze apathetic like he was looking at a group of ants.


 He lightly waves his sleeve - buzzz buzzz buzzz.....


 A black mass of Gu groups flew out. First the number was in hundreds, then thousands, then it reached tens of thousands.


 Finally, the several hundreds of thousands of Gu hovered over the valley like dark clouds pressing down on a city.


 The snowmen looked at the sky, their expression filled with terror and lifelessness. The fighting spirit and heroic feelings they raised up just a moment ago, froze completely in front of a Gu Immortal’s might.


 At this moment, they were truly able to feel the bone-piercing chill of the blizzard.


 Gu Immortals possessed immortal essence, a bead of immortal essence could be regarded as unlimited primeval essence. This meant every single Gu Immortal could control large numbers of mortal Gu, and would never be lacking in primeval essence.


 The snowman tribes might be flourishing, but in front of a Gu Immortal’s battle strength, they were like lambs waiting for slaughter and could only let themselves be trampled upon.


 Next moment, Hei Bai lightly pointed and the Gu groups pounced down loudly.


 Mournful sounds started resounding and echoing endlessly in the valley.


 A dozen or so days later...


 Imperial Court blessed land.


 Hei Lou Lan slowly put down the letter Gu in his hand, sneering.


 The letter Gu came from Hei tribe’ Gu Immortal, its content was the same as before, still urging Hei Lou Lan to speed up the search for wooden chicken Gu.


 There was originally no way to send messages from or to Imperial Court blessed land, but after so many years had gone by, even if it was an arrangement by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, it could not stand the erosion of the river of time, and a few flaws appeared.


 Although they did not have capability in exploiting this on Fairy Mo Yao’s level, the super forces like Hei tribe and Liu tribe had polished the methods to send the message.


 "Once a Gu Master advances to an immortal, their physique would thoroughly raise to a higher level and would possess immortal essence. Mortals simply cannot be an immortal’s opponent, to deal with Gu Immortal requires a Gu Immortal!"


 "Strength path Immortal Gu..."


 Hei Lou Lan softly muttered then slowly stood up from his seat and walked towards the window.


 He looked up at the gorgeous aurora moving at the summit of the sacred palace. Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s newest floor had condensed at this moment.


 "Thirty-eighth floor." Hei Lou Lan sighed. Having seen this scene so many times, he no longer had the excitement like before when he saw it for the first time. But his esteem towards Old Ancestor Giant Sun, had now reached the level of prostrating himself in admiration before the old ancestor’s heavenly methods every time he saw the scene of True Yang Building condensing a floor.


 "Only with Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Old Ancestor Giant Sun’s power, I can take my revenge!" Hei Lou Lan took out his owner token.


 So much time had passed by but his owner token was still one-edge owner token.


 Hei Lou Lan knew of history and also knew his own strength.


 The current forces, compared to the past winners of the Imperial Court contest, were not bad but also could not be considered too good. Taking everything into account, it was only enough to cross three-four floors.


 Hei Lou Lan wanted to acquire his strength path Immortal Gu, but also had the tribe responsibility of getting wooden chicken Immortal Gu. This meant the quota for two clearances was already filled.


 Hence, these days, he restrained himself from taking action, making recuperation his priority, and at the same time, he still opened up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, letting Gu Masters increase their strength as much as possible.


 Naturally, he did this to make the Gu Masters, outside of Hei tribe, thankful and admire him. And naturally, many among Hei tribe were dissatisfied and puzzled by it, but mindful of Black Tyrant’s fierce reputation, none dared to speak up.


 "Messenger." Hei Lou Lan softly called.


 His trusted aide Hei Shu immediately appeared before him and quietly kneeled down, speaking with a lowered head: "Lord tribe leader, please instruct."


 "How is the recent situation?" Hei Lou Lan rubbed the owner token, his gaze still at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 "The situation looks to be steady recently, but undercurrents are starting to surge. Chang tribe’s Gu Masters have repeatedly been killed, many Gu Masters have mysteriously disappeared when going out. Chang tribe leader Chang Ji You has personally moved out, searching everywhere to capture the killers, but no gains have been made. Instead, the attacks on Chang tribe’s Gu Masters have become even more serious." Hei Shu reported.


 "Eh, who has such guts?"


 Hei Shu revealed an ashamed expression: "Subordinate is still investigating."


 Hei Lou Lan slightly nodded, his tone revealing some slight joy in another’s calamity: "No need to hurry, hehe, we shouldn’t hurry in this matter. Chang Shan Yin’s actions are too sinister and cruel, losing favour with people, and now he is tasting the bitter consequences. A few months ago, he wiped out the earth chief beast group and assigned Chang tribe’s Gu Masters to capture many Gu Masters, and he actually killed all of them! Hmph, this had already aroused public anger, but fearing Wolf King’s reputation, no one dared to take actions though they had the heart for revenge."


 Hei Lou Lan remembered this clearly.


 Because, among these unlucky Gu Masters Fang Yuan captured to do experiments on, were some people who had some relations to Hei Lou Lan.


 Wolf King actually did not give him face and killed these people; Hei Lou Lan had secretly been bearing this grudge all this time.


 "Tribe leader is wise, subordinate and others also think this is the case." Hei Shu flattered and said in agreement, "Chang tribe leader might be Chang Ji You, but he is Wolf King’s son and was appointed as the tribe leader with one sentence from Wolf King. He is too young and cannot appease the tribesmen. The whole of Chang tribe’s affairs actually lie with Chang Ji You’s godfather Chang Biao."


 "But not long ago, the death of the two lords Chang Biao and Pan Ping while roaming seventh floor’s ninetieth round, had spread. There was an indistinct commotion within Chang tribe and Chang Ji You has been finding it hard to maintain Chang tribe’s situation. The avenger saw this great opportunity, and maybe because they had received a great increase in strength from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s rewards, they have been killing Chang tribe’s Gu Masters everywhere."


 "Hmm." Hei Lou Lan nodded, Hei Shu’s analysis was similar to his own thoughts.


 "Quickly investigate this person. Taking revenge wholeheartedly in spite of Wolf King’s fierceness, this is bravery. Killing Chang tribe’s Gu Masters and not being found even after so many days, this is scheming. This person is brave and can scheme, they should be taken into my Hei tribe. And also, only my Hei tribe can protect their life." Hei Lou Lan instructed.


 "Yes, lord."


 "Are there any movements from Chang Shan Yin?"


 "Ever since Chang Biao’s corpse was found and delivered to Chang tribe, maybe Wolf King found some clues from the corpse, he entered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building that very day and has yet to come out now. Subordinate had sent people to inquire, Wolf King should have gone to seventh floor’s ninetieth maze round. Ever since he entered, people have often reported hearing the howls of wolf groups." Hei Shu reported.


 Hei Lou Lan frowned.


 Chang Biao, Pan Ping and Water Demon Hao Ji Liu’s deaths were something he had not wanted to see.


 But since they were already dead, Hei Lou Lan could only accept this fact.


 He could complete forecast once Wolf King exited the tower and knew of Chang tribe’s misfortunes, he would fly up in rage, searching for the killer. At that time, the whole sacred palace might be turned upside down.


 Hei Lou Lan was looking forward to Wolf King attracting every more public anger, but he worried Wolf King would even implicate the innocents and start massacring everywhere which would greatly weaken the forces to mobilize in passing the rounds.


 Hei Lou Lan must prevent this from happening. But how to prevent it?


 Hei Lou Lan fell into silence as he started thinking.


 Hei Shu was calmly kneeling down, patiently waiting for Hei Lou Lan’s next command.


 Hei Lou Lan did not think for long before an amazed expression appeared on his face.


 His gaze instantly turned sharp as he once again looked at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building on the summit of the sacred palace.


 There, the thirty-ninth floor was slowly condensing into shape.


 Although it had yet to form, Hei Lou Lan was able to know the Gu worms in this floor through his one-edge owner token.


 ’Wooden chicken Gu! Wooden chicken Gu has finally appeared!’


 Hei Lou Lan’s mind was shaken, but soon he calmed down and his gaze quickly moved towards Hei Shu.


 "Go, summon Ma Ying Jie to see me. Immediately!"



***
Chapter 588: Each with their schemes


***





 Chapter 588: Each with their schemes


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Ma Ying Jie heard the summons and quickly hurried to pay a visit.


 As Hei tribe’s greatest opponent — Ma tribe had suffered disastrous losses in the decisive battle. Ma tribe’s experts were almost completely annihilated, but the young tribe leader Ma Ying Jie was luckily rescued and bravely rose to take the great responsibility of a tribe leader.


 His original plan had been to hole up in warm pond valley and recover as much as possible. But Hei Lou Lan brought his army to the valley and forcibly annexed Ma tribe.


 Thus, Ma tribe had not alternative but to follow Hei tribe to Imperial Court blessed land.


 Ma Ying Jie had thought Hei Lou Lan wanted to get rid of Ma tribe’s name and completely swallow Ma tribe. For this reason, he expended great effort and even accepted outsiders, giving them the surname ’Ma’.


 But the situation he had anticipated never happened. Not only this, Ma tribe did not receive any severe duties from Hei Lou Lan’s side even after arriving at Imperial Court blessed land, instead they were treated without discrimination. Hei Lou Lan selflessly opened up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to the public from where Ma tribe had obtained many gains. Right now, the whole of Ma tribe was able to recover favorably and the tribe’s forces were prospering day by day.


 However, there was no free lunch in the world, Ma Ying Jie had been on tenterhooks because of this.


 With Hei Lou Lan’s sudden summons, the unease in his heart immediately increased several times, reaching the extreme limit.


 Hei Lou Lan smiled when he looked at Ma Ying Jie: "Ma tribe leader, has Ma tribe been well these days?"


 Ma Ying Jie was on guard inwardly and immediately replied: "It is good. We must thank you, lord tribe leader, for disregarding previous enmity and being magnanimous. Ma tribe was on its last breath, but now has recovered some vitality."


 "If I am not wrong, Ma tribe received help from Snowy Mountain blessed land’s demonic path immortal Xue Song Zi in this contest, right?" Hei Lou Lan asked amiably.


 Ma Ying Jie was tongue-tied, cold sweat started flowing down from his body, and he was not able to speak a word.


 Ma tribe, who possessed Huang Jin bloodline, privately joined hands with a demonic path Gu Immortal, this undoubtedly broke the rules Ancestor Giant Sun had set.


 ’Is Hei Lou Lan looking to settle the score at this time? Damn it, right now, he holds the knife while I am the fish, he only needs to casually say a sentence and Ma tribe would be finished!" Ma Ying Jie was very nervous, revitalizing Ma tribe was his wish, Ma tribe was what he cherished most in his life.


 "Hahaha." Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily, his laughter resounding in the study, "Ma tribe leader, no need to worry, as long as you cooperate obediently, glory and riches will come gushing forth."


 "Tribe leader, please explain." Ma Ying Jie gnashed his teeth.


 A wise man submits to circumstances; with such a pressing situation, he had no choice but to lower his head.


 "What?"


 However, Hei Lou Lan’s next words shocked Ma Ying Jie, his dumbstruck expression frozen like a statue.


 ...


 Snowy Mountain blessed land.


 The lofty Snowy Mountain peaked through the clouds. The clear blue sky shone with dazzling brilliance.


 On the fifth branch peak of the mountain range.


 Within the Ice Lake Palace, a negotiation was reaching its end.


 Xue Song Zi’s expression was worried as he looked at Demon Lord Long Dan, saying impatiently: "Demon Lord, don’t forget who it was that lent you immortal essence stones and settled your debt during your emergency. It was me! Now I have some small troubles and am asking you for help, but you are using all sorts of excuses, isn’t this too disappointing? Is the grand Demon Lord Long Dan such a petty person?"


 Demon Lord Long Dan sipped his tea with a smile, his tone calm: "Lord Song Zi, please speak cautiously. The friendship from before, I still remember and have not forgotten even a little. But this time, Lord Song Zi, your troubles are not small. If I helped you, it would be offending Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals. My business at treasure yellow heaven has just recently taken somewhat of a turn for the better, it cannot endure such an attack."


 Xue Song Zi made a living out of selling snowmen and had made a lot of wealth. But in these recent months, his business at treasure yellow heaven was intensely impacted by Hei tribe.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals wantonly hunted snowmen and sold them at low prices, destroying the established standards and benefits of selling snowmen slaves.


 This was an unconventional confrontation and would implicate extensively on him. Xue Song Zi could only take up the challenge to protect his source of revenue, and was barely able to draw a stalemate against Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 Although he had riches, but he was after all only a lone force.


 To a super force like Hei tribe which had been engaging in business over thousands of years, he paled by comparison.


 Thus, he was gradually unable to bear it and began to request help from the surrounding Gu Immortals.


 Demon Lord Long Dan’s calm appearance made Xue Song Zi angry and anxious: "Demon Lord, don’t beat around the bush, speak up, how can I make you take action?"


 Demon Lord Long Dan laughed heartily, his bright eyes stared at Xue Song Zi: "Lord Song Zi, I know you have a hundred year lifespan Gu in your possession. As long as you give it to me, I will definitely use all my strength to help you!"


 Xue Song Zi immediately stood up from the seat and pointed at Demon Lord Long Dan: "Do you feel no shame in making such a request?"


 Demon Lord Long Dan raised his brows and said with a gloomy voice: "Why would I feel shame? Who would make a move without good cause? Xue Song Zi, I persuade you to not be impulsive, if you point your finger at me again, I will start to get angry."


 "Hmph." Xue Song Zi knew he was not Demon Lord Long Dan’s match and lowered his finger with a snort, then he flicked his sleeve and left.


 Demon Lord Long Dan also did not make him stay, looking darkly at his receding figure before letting out a snort. He had already disliked Xue Song Zi for his ordinarily arrogant attitude whilst holding plenty of spare wealth.


 Back then, when he asked for immortal essence stones from Xue Song Zi, Xue Song Zi actually dared to lend at an exorbitant rate of interest.


 Demon Lord Long Dan had suffered a big loss and had always been keeping it in his mind.


 Xue Song Zi returned to his seventh branch peak with an ashen expression.


 He sat on a mat, and with no others present, his tight expression finally relaxed as he heaved a deep sigh.


 "If I had known this before, I would not have meddled in the Imperial Court contest." He regretted it deeply.


 Winner takes all.


 Previously, he had invested a lot in the Imperial Court contest, but received no gains. Now, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were making it difficult for him, and he was not even able to guard his own financial source which was the basis of his status.


 "In the end, it is still the righteous path who are united while demonic path has separated minds. Snowy Mountain blessed land has so many demonic path Gu Immortals, but I cannot obtain the help from even one. In contrast, Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals involve the assistance of many forces and are suppressing me together."


 "Sigh, in this battle, my many years of accumulation have all been used up, resulting in serious losses to me. The water in the Imperial Court contest runs too deep, it is not something I can tread upon. So many demonic path Gu Immortals had involved themselves in Imperial Court contest before, but how many obtained a good ending? Sigh, I got greedy because of wooden chicken Gu and thought that since I had already offended Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals, I might as well directly go further and meddle. But I did not know how many demonic path Gu Immortals were mocking me behind my back. Sigh, it is time to reflect upon myself!"


 Xue Song Zi kept on sighing and just when he was going to finish pondering his painful experience in attempting to learn from it, a letter Gu travelled through space and appeared in front of him.


 "Eh, isn’t this the letter Gu I gave to Ma tribe to contact me?"


 Xue Song Zi was baffled. He held the letter Gu and searched it with his mind before immediately revealing an astonished expression: "What, what does this mean? Hei Lou Lan actually wants to cooperate with me?"


 Xue Song Zi scoffed in disdain: "Using wooden chicken Gu as the bait, do you think I will be fooled? Maybe this is another scheme of Hei tribe! Huh, wait a moment, this actually....does Hei Lou Lan really want to work with me? Interesting, hahahaha, interesting!!"


 After over half a month....


 "Mother! Mother!!" Hei Lou Lan suddenly woke up on the bed.


 He was panting and his body was soaked with cold sweat.


 A good while later, his eyes gradually recovered their focus.


 The nightmare once again.


 Since long ago, this nightmare had been tormenting him.


 This nightmare was like a pile of firewood that ignited the fire of revenge in his heart, every time it occured.


 Recovering his breath, Hei Lou Lan got up from the bed.


 His body was obese like a black bear. His triangular eyes began flickering with terrifying sharp light. Only his face had the expression of heavy exhaustion.


 But by the time he pushed open the window, this exhaustion was already concealed by him, replaced by a savage and tyrannical aura.


 He gazed up at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building while pondering over the cooperation with Xue Song Zi.


 In the letter, he had taken great risk, speaking his greatest secret, and delivering crucial Gu worms as a pledge, before he was able to obtain Xue Song Zi’s trust.


 Now, the thirty-ninth floor had already been formed for quite some time. The cooperation between him and Xue Song Zi was progressing very well. Benefitting from this demonic path Gu Immortal’s help, Hei Lou Lan was able to smoothly break through the rounds in the thirty-ninth floor.


 His action was betraying Hei tribe.


 Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals would absolutely not let him go.


 Hei Lou Lan did not even have the confidence of being able to conceal this matter for long.


 But he knew clearly, he was safe as long as he was within Imperial Court blessed land. Imperial Court blessed land prohibited the entry of Gu Immortals.


 At this stage, he was no longer able to turn back and could only move forward until his death. But the most crucial thing in Hei Lou Lan’s plan, the strength path Immortal Gu which could change the whole situation, was yet to appear.


 He could only continue to wait.


 ...


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, seventh floor.


 Ninetieth round.


 "Chang Ji You pays respects to Lord Supreme Elder." Chang Ji You kneeled down with an ashamed expression.


 "Do you know why I called you?" Fang Yuan stood in front of him, and said in an indifferent tone.


 "I am ashamed, I failed to live up to Lord Supreme Elder’s trust. I am extremely incompetent, letting the killer get away with it to this day, muffled thuds sounded out as his forehead smashed on the ground.


 Soon, blood could be seen on his forehead.


 Fang Yuan snorted: "You know yourself and know your incompetence. Don’t kowtow anymore, stand up and answer."


 "Subordinate, subordinate does not dare."


 "Get up." Fang Yuan emphasized once again, his tone was calm but it was filled with a will that could not be disobeyed.


 Chang Ji You stood up with his head lowered, blood slowly flowed down his cheeks, making him look very miserable.


 "Sigh." Fang Yuan sighed softly before touching the wound on Chang Ji You’s forehead.


 White light appeared, and under the power of a healing gu, Chang Ji You’s wound rapidly healed without even leaving a scar.


 Chang Ji You’s body trembled, his eyes couldn’t help but release two flowing lines of warm tears.


 Ever since the "father and son" had met, this was the first time Chang Shan Yin had done such an intimate action to his son Chang Ji You.



***
Chapter 589: The bond between father and son, real and fake affection


***





 Chapter 589: The bond between father and son, real and fake affection


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan wiped Chang Ji You’s tears and said with a mild tone like a spring wind: "What are you crying for, I am Wolf King and you are my son, you can only shed blood and not tears."


 Chang Ji You’s mind shook fiercely like he had been struck by lightning, when he heard the word ’son’.


 An enormous joy engulfed Chang Ji You’s mind like a tsunami: ’Father finally recognizes me as his son, he called me son with his own mouth!!!"


 The grievances that had accumulated in his heart, the pressure he felt, the anger and shame he had put aside, the sorrow at his adoptive father’s death, everything was dispelled at this moment.


 He involuntarily was about to cry tears of joy but Fang Yuan’s words lingered in his ears and he endured painfully, his expression twisted and he even bit his lips, but the tears still flowed out with no end.


 He opened his mouth, wanting to call out ’father’, but did not dare, and could only keep on apologizing as he sobbed: "Sorry, I am sorry..."


 Fang Yuan lightly patted his shoulder and warmly said: "Do you know what your greatest deficiency is?"


 Chang Ji You was slightly shocked.


 Fang Yuan continued with a decisive tone: "Your greatest deficiency is that you are not strong enough."


 "Not strong enough?" Chang Ji You stopped sobbing, his eyes that were hazy with tears looked at the imposing figure in front.


 "This is a yellow gold relic Gu, enough for you to advance to rank four peak stage. Also a purple crystal relic Gu which will help you advance rapidly in rank five." Fang Yuan took out two relic Gu and handed them to Chang Ji You.


 Chang Ji You dazedly accepted it, soon a surging grateful feeling filled his wild heart.


 "This, isn’t this paternal love!? So many poets praised paternal love to be as heavy as a mountain and as deep as the sea.....I can finally enjoy it today!"


 "Father..." Chang Ji You was choked with emotions, he gazed at Fang Yuan before kneeling down again.


 "An eagle chick cannot grow firm, iron-like wings without going through the tempering of wind and frost. A horse foal cannot run like the wind without experiencing falling down. I have already heard of Chang tribe’s misfortunes, but I will not concern myself with it. Become strong, go through such temperings, take control of the tribe, use this pretext to establish your might, this is something you need to do. I will be watching you from behind."


 "Lord father, son, son is ashamed..." Being given such earnest attention by his ’blood related father’, this made Chang Ji You excited and also brought a fearful feeling in him.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand: "I know your misgivings. You are worried your aptitude is not enough and you cannot break through to rank five, right? No problem, I will now raise your aptitude and also impart you a strength path killer move set which will increase your strength to an unimaginable level! This is father’s special skill and even at the decisive battle of Imperial Court, I only used thirty percent of its power."


 "Ah?" Chang Ji You involuntarily opened up his mouth, shocked and happy.


 Father actually had ways to raise aptitude, moreover was also imparting a strength path killer move!


 Even during the decisive battle with Ma tribe, father only used thirty percent of this killer move’s power!


 ’My father is after all my father. Godfather Chang Biao might have treated me very well, but that is nothing compared to my father. This is the deepest bond between blood. Lord father is nurturing me with all his efforts!’ After the shock, Chang Ji You felt a surge of happiness.


 "Now I am going to raise your aptitude. Relax your mind, pacify your heart. Sleep, sleep, take a good sleep first." Fang Yuan spoke gently while secretly using hypnosis Gu.


 Chang Ji You’s mood was not stable and he had already been exhausted, and with his extreme trust in Fang Yuan, he soon fell asleep under the effect of Gu worm.


 Fang Yuan lightly smiled as he took out blood skull Gu.


 This Gu had a crystal like texture, the size of an infant’s skull and could be held by a palm.


 But right now, it was full from drinking blood and shone with a demonic blood light.


 This blood was absorbed from the Chang tribesmen Fang Yuan had secretly killed over these days.


 The sound asleep Chang Ji You had a slight smile on his face, a happy smile. He had never even expected the killer who had assassinated Chang tribesmen in these days was his most loved and respected ’blood related father’.


 Even Hei Lou Lan and other outsiders were also in the dark, not having the least bit of doubt towards Fang Yuan.


 "Go." Fang Yuan willed and the blood skull Gu slowly flew out of his palm and circled around Chang Ji You.


 The blood skull Gu then stopped over Chang Ji You’s head; it opened its mouth and puffed out blood with a thick stench.


 The blood directly sunk in through Chang Ji You’s head, skin and hairs, followed his veins and finally converged in his aperture.


 Chang Ji You’s aperture began to slowly but steadily advance.


 By the time Chang Ji You woke up, Fang Yuan had already gone away.


 The previous encounter was like a dream, making Chang Ji You feel doubts.


 But the Gu worms on the ground and plentiful food left behind, were the best proof that everything was true..


 "Heavens, my aptitude really advanced, now it is at ninety-six percent!!" Chang Ji You shouted out with joy after he checked his aperture.


 "Stay here for few days and cultivate properly. Use all the relic Gu father left behind, your cultivation will reach rank five upper stage with these. I am temporarily lending the other Gu worms on the ground to you. Among them is an east window Gu which records the contents of the killer move, read it and practice it."


 A message echoed into Chang Ji You’s ears.


 Chang Ji You was extremely excited: "Ahh, this is father’s voice. Lord father, son will not disappoint you. Son will definitely become a rank five Gu Master and master this killer move!"


 Chang Ji You felt extremely bold and was filled with fighting spirit. He sat down cross-legged on the spot and took a yellow gold relic Gu into his aperture.


 Fang Yuan was secretly observing this.


 "This is the Gu tester you chose? He is truly a good choice." In his mind, Mo Yao’s will let out a cold sneer, "It is only that you clearly indicated the flaws of six arm heavenly zombie king in the east window Gu. And you have also not tampered with the Gu worms you lent him, are you not afraid he will worry about the flaws and be careful, not completely transforming into a heavenly zombie?"


 "Hehe, Mo Yao, you don’t need to worry. I still have the ability to grasp people’s hearts. You haven’t used six arm heavenly zombie king, so you don’t know how intoxicating the feeling of endless strength you get when transforming to the heavenly zombie state can be. Even I was intoxicated. Chang Ji You is young and does not have enough control over his heart. When he practices the killer move, he will naturally search for wolf groups to battle with. This here is my territory, I will just lead more wolves towards him when the time comes, no need to be afraid he won’t change into a heavenly zombie!" Fang Yuan spoke with confidence.


 "Hmph, you humans are so sinister and crafty. This blood skull Gu you used, we inkmen would absolutely never refine such an evil Gu worm which is used to harm our own people." Mo Yao sneered.


 Fang Yuan was not angry, instead smiling: "Eh, aren’t you Spirit Affinity House’s fairy, a representative of the righteous path? Why didn’t you stop me?"


 "That is possible only if I had the ability to stop it. Moreover, why would I stop the internal conflicts between you humans? Hmph, I would rather the whole of your human race died. Then, us variant humans can have space to survive." Mo Yao rolled her eyes.


 Her identity was special, she was a past generation’s fairy of Spirit Affinity House with an extraordinary relationship with Bo Qing. However, she was also an inkman and was not a purebred human.


 The feeling with which she looked at humans fighting each other was the same feeling humans had when they watched internal strife between snowmen or beast groups.


 ’Just that, you truly don’t have the ability to stop me?...’ Fang Yuan suppressed this doubt within his heart.


 Three days later, Chang Ji You finished using all the relic Gu and succeeded in advancing to rank five upper stage.


 Immediately afterwards, he began to practice the killer move six arm heavenly zombie king.


 Just like Fang Yuan expected, he was addicted to the vast power of the killer move and gradually began to forget its flaws.


 Under Fang Yuan’s intentional manipulation, he fought an intense and prolonged battle.


 Chang Ji You rampaged around to his heart’s content in the battle, forgetting the time.


 Only when the battle ended, did he make a frightening discovery; he had already completely transformed into a heavenly zombie.


 Two days later, Fang Yuan appeared before him again.


 "Father, save me!" The monstrous Chang Ji You kneeled on the ground and begged with terrified expression.


 "Son, how did you become like this?!" Fang Yuan asked in great shock and rage, "I clearly warned you to never use this killer move over the limit. You, you, how could you forget such a crucial thing!"


 "Father, son is ashamed, I was muddled for a while and forgot time. By the time I discovered it, it was too late for regret!" Chang Ji You was extremely ashamed as he looked at Fang Yuan with tear filled eyes while kneeling.


 Right now, he had transformed into this monstrosity, his only hope rested in Fang Yuan.


 "Sigh... this is difficult. Your appearance, even if we use yin-yang rotation Gu, it won’t be able to treat it. This killer move has extreme power, but also because of this, the after-effects are very severe. Even father does not have a way." Fang Yuan held out his hands, showing an expression filled with sadness and anger.


 "Ah?! Even father does not have a solution?" Chang Ji You walked towards Fang Yuan on his knees with despair and fear on his face.


 Fang Yuan lamented again and again: "This killer move’s origin is not simple. Father took extreme risk and charged through a Gu Immortal’s inheritance alone, risking a fatal danger before I was able to luckily obtain this immortal killer move."


 "This is an immortal killer move? No wonder, no wonder it is so powerful!" Chang Ji You was stupefied, Fang Yuan might have a lofty figure in his heart, but there was no doubt he paled in comparison to a Gu Immortal.


 Chang Ji You had been Chang tribe’s young tribe leader, he had not been familiar with Gu Immortals, but was also not completely unfamiliar.


 "I was wrong, I made a big mistake, how could I seek instant gains!" Chang Ji You wailed, his wail was sharp and unpleasant like a night owl’s.


 Suddenly, he started kowtowing to Fang Yuan and sobbed: "Father, son failed to live up to your hope. Son made a mistake, son has disappointed you!"


 "No, it is this, I needed you to transform into this.’ Fang Yuan was laughing inwardly while on the surface, he supported Chang Ji You.


 "My son, I told you so many times, don’t cry! You cannot cry! Although you made a mistake, the fault lies within me as well. I have only been exploring this maze round over these days and did not look after you. Father believes there is always a way out, we will research together and find a way to turn you back into a human! There is definitely a way, believe in father and believe in yourself!" Fang Yuan said with emotions, with tears in his eyes.


 "Father!!!" Chang Ji You wailed again.


 He was thoroughly and completely moved.


 He had become a monster and he, himself, did not not dare to see his face. But his father, Chang Shan Yin, did not loath him. It was clearly the son’s fault, but he took the blame upon himself.


 Now that his son had changed to such an appearance, he still did not give up on him.


 "This is the most profound bond between father and son!"


 "This is my father, my dad!"


 Chang Ji You was extremely moved, a spark ignited in his despair filled heart, giving him the confidence to continue living.


 "Son, stay here and let father think properly on how to change you back. As for Chang tribe, father will personally manage it. You don’t need to worry, just recuperate here, with us father and son working hand in hand, what is there to fear about a measly killer move’s zombie transformation?"


 Fang Yuan’s words made Chang Ji You feel a source of assurance in his heart.


 "Yes, son will listen to father!"



***
Chapter 590: Endurance, Shatter, Death


***





 Chapter 590: Endurance, Shatter, Death


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Ah——!


 The pitiful scream was so shrill that it could pierce eardrums.


 Chang Ji You was in so much pain that he was shivering from head to toe, his muscles were exploding, as the six arms behind his back were dancing around chaotically, making loud sounds like that of stirring wind and rolling thunder.


 But Fang Yuan only needed one hand to hold him tightly in the air.


 At this moment, his eyes were like lightning as he manipulated his Gu worms, shouting loudly: "My son, endure it! Now is the time!"


 Chang Ji You was about to lose his sense of reasoning due to the pain, this was an inhuman pain.


 Even though he transformed into a heavenly zombie and almost lost his sense of pain, he could still feel every single piece of his skin and every muscle tearing and breaking ruthlessly.


 But Fang Yuan’s words were like cold spring water that were sprinkling on Chang Ji You’s heart.


 Chang Ji You was forcing himself to his limit, just as he was about to faint, the intense pain dissipated like a subsiding tide.


 "Su... success?!" Chang Ji You breathed roughly, his head was hurting intensely and he barely managed to open his eyes, seeing that the skin on his arm had already turned back into living flesh and blood.


 In fact, the six arms on his back were also slowly shrinking.


 There was nothing more attractive to Chang Ji You than turning back into a human.


 This moment, he was almost going to cry of joy.


 "Oh no!" Suddenly, Fang Yuan spoke, his tone extremely solemn.


 Chang Ji You’s newly recovered arm turned back into the heavenly zombie state in an instant, like that of a rotting log.


 The six arms on his back grew back as well, becoming tougher and stronger.


 "No, no! Why did I change back?! Father..." Chang Ji You was screaming in fear, subconsciously turning towards Fang Yuan for help.


 But when he saw the intense fatigue that Fang Yuan was pretending to show on his face, Chang Ji You could not say a word.


 "Father is tired! That’s right, these days, he had been helping me, thinking of hundreds of methods to solve this without any rest or sleep. He expended countless Gu worms in the process. I saw at least seventy to eighty rank five Gu! What reason do I have to blame father? This is all because I was too careless, and committed a grave mistake! Father, this son has not lived up to your expectations and nurturing..."


 Chang Ji You was heartbroken and ashamed, he had a sensation of bliss from being taken care of by Wolf King as his child, like a small strand of grass being shielded by a tall tree.


 "Damn it, this heavenly zombie form is really stubborn. Even this method is not working!" Fang Yuan gritted his teeth secretly, he asked in his mind: "Mo Yao, what other ideas do you have, tell me!"


 The dozen ideas that Fang Yuan came up with were all proven to be useless one by one.


 The current experimental method was all Mo Yao’s idea.


 This was also one of Fang Yuan’s schemes.


 On one hand, he was experimenting on Chang Ji You continuously and attempting to find a way to restore him back to human. On the other hand, he was trying to get Mo Yao’s will to think and expend her limited energy.


 Mo Yao was silent for a while before saying: "There is still a way, but it is quite dangerous, the person testing the Gu will endure three times the pain as before! Most likely, he would die from the pain alone!"


 "He is a heavenly zombie, he is technically dead. How can he feel pain?" Fang Yuan was confused.


 "He is only half dead. The body is dead, but his soul still remains in his body. Unless his soul was absorbed into the door of life and death, then he would truly be considered dead." Mo Yao explained.


 The door of life and death was a secluded domain of heaven and earth, it was very famous and was recorded in <>.


 But the current era was different from the immemorial era.


 The life and death door had vanished, and after going through numerous owners, its control over souls of the demised had weakened greatly. This was the reason for the existence of monsters like zombies.


 Mo Yao’s idea carried huge risks, it could shatter the person’s soul due to pain, breaking into irrecoverable pieces.


 Once Chang Ji You’s soul shatters, he would be truly dead.


 Mo Yao urged: "Lad, when there is gain, there is also loss. The killer move has unrivalled attack power, thus the flaws will be extremely hard to get rid of. These few days, you have experimented so many times, and spent a huge fortune, even borrowing extensively from Hei tribe, I’m sure you understand the difficulty of this now."


 "This is my final method, I cannot guarantee that it will work. Moreover, this method is extremely dangerous, there is barely a chance of success! You can decide whether or not to do it. Your ’son’ has already turned into a heavenly zombie completely, he has good battle strength. He listens to your words obediently, it is too wasteful to sacrifice him like this. I would suggest that you keep him by your side as a helper."


 Fang Yuan was silent and did not reply.


 "Father, please rest more, I am not anxious..." At one end, Chang Ji You muttered.


 Fang Yuan concentrated and looked over, although Chang Ji You had turned into a heavenly zombie, and looked very ugly, his eyes were crystal clear, showing great admiration and love for Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly: "Son, I have thought of a good method. But this method is extremely dangerous, your life will be in danger. The success rate is very high though, thus father cannot decide..."


 "Sigh..." In his mind, Mo Yao sighed deeply.


 Although Fang Yuan said this, Chang Ji You who hated his current self and wanted to recover would only make one decision.


 As expected, once Chang Ji You heard this, he hesitated for a moment before his eyes shone brightly: "Lord father! Please use this method, living in my current form is simply worse than death!"


 Fang Yuan stared at Chang Ji You’s eyes intensely: "But, you are my only child..."


 "Father!" Chang Ji You cried, he kneeled on the floor as he hugged Fang Yuan’s leg: "I cannot bear to part with you either, father. But son really cannot live with such an appearance, even if there is some bit of hope, I will work hard and fight for it!"


 Fang Yuan was silent for a while, before sighing a long, deep breath: "Alright. Humans should live according to their own wishes. Father is unwilling to see you live in such agony as well! Go rest for a few days, father will go prepare. A few days later, we will go with the final try!"


 A few days later.


 "Ahhhhh..."


 Chang Ji You’s screaming voice had already turned hoarse.


 "Endure it for a bit more." Fang Yuan’s gaze was warm, but his heart was cold as ice, as he encouraged.


 But the next moment, Chang Ji You’s screams and cries came to a stop.


 This was the three hundred and seventh time he had fainted from pain.


 "Hmph, completely useless!" Fang Yuan’s expression was dim as water, he snorted unhappily as he stopped using the Gu worms.


 This experiment had to be undergone when Chang Ji You was conscious and awake, otherwise it would not work.


 Chang Ji You fainting meant that his soul was already forming cracks and chips, he was at the brink of collapsing.


 Fang Yuan had to stop and use soul path Gu worms to nourish and heal his soul.


 "I said before, this method has little hope, it is better to preserve his life." In his mind, Mo Yao spoke in a sad tone.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, squinting as a cold light flashed across his eyes: "One more try, we will try it one last time!"


 Chang Ji You slowly woke up, his vision turning from blurry to clear. He looked at Fang Yuan beside him, in his eyes, his ’father’ was extremely worn out and exhausted.


 This made his heart tighten as tears flowed down his eyes again in shame, he choked as he said: "Father..."


 "Let’s try again, don’t lose hope." Fang Yuan laughed as he encouraged.


 "Father, if I still faint this time, then stop trying it. Father, this was all my fault, you really need to take a rest." Chang Ji You said.


 "Yes, after trying this, it is really time to rest." Fang Yuan sighed, the precise deeper meanings in his tone were not able to be perceived by Chang Ji You.


 First, three rank five Gu worms were activated together.


 Next, more Gu worms were added, these Gu worms were all floating around the face of Chang Ji You, some drilled into his skin while others mixed into his blood, flowing towards his heart.


 "Ah..." The intense pain assaulted him again, Chang Ji You gritted his teeth in pain but he soon opened his mouth and growled, his expression twisting from the pain.


 Fang Yuan’s movements were smooth and methodical as he continued adding in Gu worms.


 The more Gu worms that were added in, the more intense the pain Chang Ji You felt. He struggled desperately, his eyes rolling as he felt pain to the point of losing reason, almost as if he was becoming deranged.


 "Stop, his soul cannot take this." In his mind, Mo Yao urged.


 But Fang Yuan acted like he did not hear it, continuing to add Gu worms regardless of what was going on.


 "Enough, this amount has exceeded all our previous attempts, he is really going to collapse." Mo Yao could not bear to see this.


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly, not saying a word.


 "This is too much, if you continue messing around like this, he will really die!" In his mind, Mo Yao’s will protested.


 "What can we achieve if we do not take risks?" Fang Yuan laughed coldly, adding more Gu worms until it was the limit.


 His eyes were shining with an excited light: "Just three more Gu worms and we will see the effect. This is the first."


 "Alright, this is the second!"


 "Fantastic, this is the final one, success or failure will depend on this.... eh!"


 Fang Yuan’s expression froze, the surrounding Gu worms were breaking apart like the scattering of fireworks.


 Chang Ji You no longer struggled, he was floating in the air motionlessly.


 He was dead.


 His soul had shattered and dissipated from the pain.


 His expression however, was very calm.


 The surroundings became dead silent.


 "You’ve killed him." In Fang Yuan’s mind, Mo Yao’s will spoke coldly.


 "Yes, I’ve killed him." Fang Yuan’s brows lifted, laughing lightly: "He did not die in vain after all, at least I got to find out how stubborn this killer move’s flaw truly was."


 Mo Yao did not speak, she did not want to respond to Fang Yuan’s cold and unscrupulous nature. She hid her form and vanished from Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan’s smile gradually vanished.


 He was progressively discovering how big of a threat this will of Mo Yao in his mind was.


 Did she know about the way to resolve the flaw of the six arm heavenly zombie king killer move or not?


 Did she know the method, but was unwilling to say it, or was she not thinking so as to preserve herself?


 Especially when this killer move’s flaw is so severe, if Mo Yao’s will attacks Fang Yuan’s mind during the crucial moment and cause his thoughts to become chaotic, he would not be able to stop the killer move even if he wanted to.


 "What was the Gu used to create this will of Mo Yao’s? These days, I have been collecting information on wisdom path, and purchased many wisdom path Gu worms that could create wills. But I have not found any Gu worm which can allow her to hide and completely conceal herself like this, this is such an unfathomable will!"


 "Sigh, I don’t have much time left. Right now Eighty-Eight True Yang Building has formed about sixty floors already. Hei Lou Lan is attacking the thirty-ninth floor right now at full force. It seems his target is the wooden chicken Gu."


 "I have to work faster, I cannot wait anymore!"



***
Chapter 591: Sacrifice (Double Chapter)


***





 Chapter 591: Sacrifice (Double Chapter)


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 It had been so long since Fang Yuan had come to Imperial Court blessed land, and he had entered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building so many times, but he had never forgotten his original intention in coming to northern plains.


 That was to save Dang Hun mountain.


 He needed landscape as before Gu to save Dang Hun mountain.


 There were many difficulties and challenges to obtain this Gu, the main thing was it was with a person. This person was Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Ever since Tai Bai Yun Sheng joined Hei tribe army, Fang Yuan had been placing his attention on him.


 Several months ago, Fang Yuan uncovered some information:


 When Hei Lou Lan obtained the one-edge owner token, he was able to explore the rewards of every round; Tai Bai Yun Sheng had gone to visit him and inquired about the existence of lifespan Gu.


 But at that time, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building did not yet have lifespan Gu.


 When the fifty-fifth floor had condensed, Hei Lou Lan informed Tai Bai Yun Sheng he had discovered a fifteen year lifespan Gu.


 After the fifty-fifth floor completely formed into shape, Hei Lou Lan investigated the location of the lifespan Gu and could precisely tell it was the reward for clearing the eighty-fifth round.


 From then on, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had put all his energy in the fifty-fifth floor. He called up many Gu Masters, forming an enormous group and forcibly crashed through the rounds. Relying on his might, prestige and enormous rewards, along with repeatedly requesting Hei Lou Lan and other experts, he was actually making fast progress.


 Hard work paid off, Tai Bai Yun Sheng spent all his wealth and finally was able to reach the eighty-fifth round.


 Fang Yuan naturally did not wish to see Tai Bai Yun Sheng obtaining what he desired.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was old, and did not have much lifespan left; it was natural behavior for him to increase his lifespan with lifespan Gu.


 But if he really obtained this lifespan Gu, he was definitely not going to risk advancing into an immortal. If he did not risk advancing to an immortal, there would not be the inspiration from heaven and earth that would form the Immortal Gu Landscape As Before.


 If there was no landscape as before Gu, how would Fang Yuan save Dang Hun mountain which was about to completely wither away?


 Especially the past few days, he had learned more information: Tai Bai Yun Sheng had attempted many times to pass the round and he had already found hope. He did not stint on borrowing from Hei Lou Lan and even agreed to Hei Lou Lan’s condition of becoming an external elder of Hei tribe.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was then able to use Hei tribe’s resources to recruit large numbers of experts and form a powerful lineup, charging into the fifty-fifth floor to make the final attack.


 Despite Tai Bai Yun Sheng taking the risk to advance to an immortal in the memories of his previous life, Fang Yuan was cautious and did not dare to take the risk, deciding to personally intervene.


 Time waits for no man.


 Fang Yuan had intended to get rid of Mo Yao’s will first, dealing with the internal problem before attacking the external problems. But this matter had not made any progress, so now, he used his owner token to secretly infiltrate into the fifty-fifth floor.


 The situation of the fifty-fifth floor had already been probed out by Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 There was a majestic and grand blood river flowing here, and in the depths of the river, there was a legendary and mythical blood palace erected.


 The blood palace had three great halls and sixty-nine auxiliary halls.


 Every hall contained large numbers of blood path Gu worms as well as blood beast guards.


 The large groups of blood path Gu worms were of huge strength, but as long as they were killed one by one over a period of time, there would be a point when they are all slaughtered.


 The problem was the blood beasts.


 Even after these blood beasts were killed, they would absorb blood and resurrect within a short moment. One could say that they could be killed but not killed, there was no way of reducing their numbers.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s several attempts at passing the round had all been thwarted by these blood beasts.


 But at the last attempt, he had unintentionally discovered a pleasant surprise: as long as they keep on charging forward to the depths of the great hall and take out the command token hanging on the main beam, they could make the blood beasts dissipate.


 This discovery birthed a strong confidence in Tai Bai Yun Sheng. He was thoroughly poor now, and did not hesitate to sell himself to Hei tribe, borrowing funds and forming a Gu Master group to charge through this round.


 When Fang Yuan secretly entered this floor, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s group had already charged through thirty-three side halls and were presently in a fierce battle to reach a towering main hall.


 Fang Yuan took out the six-edge owner token, and with a thought, immediately had complete control over this floor.


 The six-edge owner token could let Fang Yuan control up to six floors of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Fang Yuan had already used it once to control the seventh floor. Now, he was using it a second time to control this fifty-fifth floor.


 Hei Lou Lan had a one-edge owner token and the floor he controlled was the fifth floor.


 With a shift of thought, Fang Yuan’s figure disappeared on the spot and appeared on the main beam of the great hall.


 He leisurely sat on the main beam, and not far from him was that crucial command token.


 With a bit of concentration, the battle scene of Tai Bai Yun Sheng and his group appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 The deeper they went towards the great hall, the more blood beast guards there were, and the battles that occurred were extremely intense. This group of Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not even have fifty people now.


 They had been charging forward the whole way, suffering disastrous casualties which left behind a trail of corpses along the way.


 Two great rank five Gu Master experts Zhu Zai and Gao Yang took turns as the front vanguard of the group.


 Meanwhile Tai Bai Yun Sheng, as the number one healing Gu Master of northern plains of this generation, was protected in the center of the formation. He continually used man as before Gu; rays of light shooting forward and shining upon the corpses, resurrecting the Gu Masters, or shone upon live Gu Masters, healing their injuries and recovering their primeval essence in an instant.


 But even Tai Bai Yun Sheng, a rank five peak stage Gu Master, was in a very sorry state.


 Gu Masters were falling down time and again, and although he used all his strength, he truly could not save everyone.


 The countless blood beasts surged out of every corridor near the great hall and every room, blocking the group’s way with very dense numbers.


 The closer they got to the main command token, the stronger the blood beasts became.


 And blood beasts could absorb blood to quickly recover and resurrect.


 By the time Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the group charged to this place, the blood beasts they had killed on their way had once again resurrected and chased them, blocking their way back. The situation was getting very dangerous.


 "No wonder Tai Bai Yun Sheng risked advancing to immortal in my previous life. This round’s difficulty is rather high, unless a blood path Gu Master works with them." Fang Yuan was in control of this place and could see the actions that Tai Bai Yun Sheng took as easily as reading the lines of his palm.


 To a blood path Gu Master, this round was no less than a paradise. With so many blood path wild Gu to subdue and blood beasts to devour, their blood path cultivation would strengthen rapidly.


 It was a pity blood path could not be easily revealed. Because of Blood Sea Ancestor, a blood path Gu Master would be hunted persistently by the righteous path the moment they appeared.


 And because blood path Gu Masters could quickly increase their battle strength, even demonic Gu Masters widely feared it.


 Often, when a blood path Gu Master was discovered, not only would they be hunted down by the righteous path, they would also suffer sneak attacks from demonic path Gu Masters.


 There was not even one blood path Gu Master among Hei tribe army. Even if they existed, they were hidden deeply and would not appear for Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s use.


 Fang Yuan ascertained for a moment and knew clearly that the chance of Tai Bai Yun Sheng succeeding was extremely minute.


 The worry in his heart immediately dissipated by more than half.


 Fang Yuan laid back on the beam and took out <>, passing the time while paying attention to Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s progress.


 Death was possible when advancing through Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Fang Yuan was scheming for landscape as before Gu, and could not allow Tai Bai Yun Sheng to die at the moment.


 "Kill, we must break through this siege! Otherwise, we are all going to die!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s face was filled with blood stains, roaring loudly to raise the morale.


 Waves of blood beasts roared and snarled, before pouncing on the group like a blood colored giant wave.


 ...


 The great hall was a scene of tranquility.


 Fang Yuan leisurely flipped through the pages while adjusting his posture to make himself more comfortable.


 ...


 Grrr!


 A blood beast with the head of a tiger and body of a horse madly snarled while rampaging in the group of Gu Masters.


 Two Gu Masters met its attack; one died while the other was heavily injured.


 "Man As Before!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted and raised his palm; a white light immediately shot out and shone upon that injured Gu Master.


 The Gu Master immediately recovered his previous uninjured state. The terrifying injuries from the blood beast’s attacks disappeared without a trace.


 The Gu Master panted roughly, he was still frightened, retreating back behind the frontlines. The defensive gap he left behind was immediately filled up by another Gu Master.


 But that dead Gu Master’s corpse was swarmed by the blood beasts and roughly dragged away.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not make a move.


 Without advancing to an immortal, even a rank five Gu Master would have limited primeval essence and have to use it cautiously.


 Moreover, that dead Gu Master’s Gu worms were severely damaged, his defensive Gu worm was even pierced and destroyed. Even if he was resurrected, he would be killed again.


 The remaining Gu Masters grieved and cursed, but they could only look as their companion’s corpse was madly torn apart by over ten blood beasts.


 Blood beasts were extremely sensitive to blood and even a bit of bloody odor could make them go crazy. By swallowing stronger organism’s blood, they could strengthen themselves.


 Soon, the dead Gu Master’s blood was completely absorbed by the blood beasts. The whole corpse became a dried up mummy, creating a wretched spectacle.


 The beasts that had absorbed his blood started to grow human like forms. Some grew human like eyes; some grew several human ears; and some grew agile human arms.


 But when they were spending time in absorbing the corpse, the pressure on Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the group greatly reduced and they took this valuable opportunity to break through and moved forward tens of steps.


 ...


 Fang Yuan flipped through <> to chapter three, section fourteen.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul awakened his elder sister Desolate Ancient Moon, and the two again asked for advice from cognition Gu on how to save their father.


 Cognition Gu said: "Humans, Cheng Bai mountain has disappeared, who knows when it will form again. I am also not clear on other ways to bring your father back to life. But no need to be dejected, you can try asking wisdom Gu. I am its mother, wisdom is the crystallization of cognition."


 The student surpasses the master; the things cognition Gu did not know, wisdom Gu might not necessarily be unknowing of.


 Under cognition Gu’s directions, Northern Dark Ice Soul and Desolate Ancient Moon found wisdom Gu.


 Wisdom Gu had somewhat of a connection with Ren Zu, back then Ren Zu had used rules and regulations Gu to capture it. But it was able to escape in the end.


 At first, wisdom Gu was not willing to help Northern Dark Ice Soul and Desolate Ancient Moon.


 But seeing that they were introduced by its mother cognition Gu, it reluctantly said: "Oh humans, I can show you the right path. But I need remuneration, one of you need to hand over your middle age to me."


 "I will give my middle age to you." Desolate Ancient Moon immediately replied with no hesitation.


 She was awakened by her little brother Northern Dark Ice Soul and had been bestowed with the meaning of her life which was to bring her father, Ren Zu, back to life. Thus, she replied immediately without the intention of passing it to others.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul was not able to argue with his sister and could only let her offer her middle age.


 This meant, once Desolate Ancient Moon’s youth had passed, she would directly skip middle age to reach old age.


 But to save her father, she did not have many misgivings.


 Wisdom Gu obtained Desolate Ancient Moon’s middle age and gave her directions: "In the center of the golden desert in the west, there is a still blue sea with no ripples, as flat as a mirror. That is the source of all living beings, all lives in the world originates from there. And in the depths of the blue sea lie many life Gu shining upon all living beings. You need to infiltrate the sea, catch a human shaped life Gu and bring it to shore. This human shaped life Gu can bestow your father a new life. But remember, you cannot spend over fifteen minutes in the sea, otherwise you will be assimilated by the sea.


 Wisdom Gu added another sentence in the end: "It is extremely difficult to find human shaped life Gu. Only a person who has truly comprehended the truth of life can do it. If you are not able to do it, don’t blame my solution for not being easy to use."


 Desolate Ancient Moon wanted to ask something, but Wisdom Gu quickly flew away and did not give the siblings any chance to make inquiries.


 ...


 The clamorous shouts and cries resounded everywhere.


 The blood beasts surged forward like sea tides. Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the group were like a reef, resisting the attacks of the blood beasts time and again, while also moving forward step by step with difficulty.


 "Almost there, we are only three hundred steps away from the great hall door!" Someone shouted, boosting the morale.


 "Careful!" Suddenly, a Gu Master at the side warned.


 That Gu Master who had tried to boost morale was dazed and the very next moment, a blood beast with the head of a dragon and body of a bear fiercely smashed into him.


 Crack.


 The Gu Master’s ribs instantly shattered from the crash, and the blood he puffed out contained pieces of internal organs.


 His body was sent flying from the smash, the Gu Masters behind tried to stop him with all their strength; in an instant, the formation turned chaotic and there was a crisis of it collapsing apart!


 "Hold on, continue to hold on!!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng, his face stained with blood, shouted furiously with extreme anxiety.


 In such a battle situation, if the Gu Masters scattered, they would immediately be torn to pieces by the surrounding countless blood beasts. Only with the Gu Masters working in a tight formation, could they have a chance at survival!


 But the Gu Masters were retreating step by step, large numbers of blood beasts broke the defense line and fiercely pounced upon them.


 Miserable screams started rising continuously.


 Many Gu Masters were still recovering their primeval essence as much as possible. Being caught unawares, they were immediately torn to pieces by the blood beasts.


 A mantis-like blood beast brandished its sickle arms and charged in the very front.


 Swish!


 A Gu Master’s head was slashed apart; blood started spurting out of the Gu Master’s neck and the head flew high, but before it fell down, it was grabbed by a blood beast flying in the air and with a ’gulp, was swallowed down.


 But the red hot blood fell down, splashing right at Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s face.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly wiped away the blood and was barely able to open his eyes; the dense bloody stench assailed his nose, and agitated a group of blood beasts.


 "Finished!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart sank to the bottom, but right at this time, a figure pounced down like a tiger getting off the mountain.


 BOOM BOOM BOOM.


 After several rounds, the figure killed the mantis blood beast and finally stabilized the formation at this final juncture.


 It was Zhu Zai!


 A rank five Gu Master, a famous expert of the demonic path!!


 Everyone was saved, feeling like they were dragged back from the cliff.


 But Zhu Zai also paid a price, there were three new wounds on his body, all of them so deep one could see his bones.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly activated man as before Gu to heal him.


 Zhu Zai recovered his previous state and the new injuries completely vanished. At the same time, his intensely depleted primeval essence recovered back.


 It was only that the several expendable Gu he had used to gain a burst in his battle strength earlier could not be restored.


 Man As Before could only target human bodies and had no effect on Gu worms.


 ...


 "This Man As Before has marvellous effect, but unfortunately, it cannot be used on one’s own body." Fang Yuan sighed before gazing back to the book in his hand once again.


 Desolate Ancient Moon and Northern Dark Ice Soul travelled an arduous journey through the golden desert and arrived at the center of the desert where they saw the blue sea.


 The blue sea was so beautiful that nothing more beautiful than it could be imagined.


 Just like wisdom Gu said, even strong winds could not cause the slightest of a ripple on the blue sea.


 With the soft golden sand surrounding it, it looked like a deep blue gemstone embedded on this golden cloth.


 The siblings infiltrated into the depths of the sea and sure enough found large numbers of life Gu packed together in the sea depths.


 These life Gu were like blue gems. But they were of different sizes and shapes.


 Some looked like a colt; some like a tiger or leopard; some like an eagle or dove; while some like a snake or flood dragon.


 The siblings were dazzled from the sight. They saw all kinds of life Gu from flowers, birds, fishes, insects, beasts, snowmen, hairy men and all other shapes, except the human shaped life Gu.


 Helplessly, the siblings could only get out of the sea and back to the shore.


 The moment they had left the blue sea, a deer shaped life Gu Northern Dark Ice Soul had been holding, let out a soft light before jumping on the sand and turning into a fawn.


 This was the birth of a life!


 The siblings looked at this sight in wonder, with their eyes wide open.


 Only when the fawn had hopped far away, the elder sister Desolate Ancient Moon suddenly comprehended: "No wonder wisdom Gu flew away immediately after speaking and did not let us question it. I have understood the truth of life."


 "The truth of life, what exactly is it?" Northern Dark Ice Soul quickly asked.


 Desolate Ancient Moon pointed at this blue sea in front of them and asked in return: "Tell me, if we were to really find a life Gu, a human shaped blue gem, and we bring it back, what will it transform into?"


 Northern Dark Ice Soul thought for a moment and replied: "It should be like that fawn and turn into a real active life form, right?"


 He suddenly looked distracted.


 Desolate Ancient Moon looked at him with a smile: "It seems you have also understood. We are these life forms. We were formed from life Gu! We, ourselves, are human shaped blue gems!"


 Northern Dark Ice Soul completely understood, where did humans come from?


 Wisdom Gu had already made it clear before: This blue sea is the source of all living beings, all lives in the world originate from here.


 Humans, naturally also originated from here.


 Their father Ren Zu was once a blue gem in the depths of this sea. By some opportunity and coincidence, it was able to come out from the sea and form a zestful life form that roamed the world, surviving with difficulty and reaching this stage.


 But humans were the spirit of all living beings, so how many human shaped gems could there be in such a large sea?


 It was definitely extremely few, and it was very possible Ren Zu was the only one.


 Searching for a small blue gem in such a vast sea, how big of a project was this!


 This was innumerable times more difficult than Desolate Ancient Moon looking for the only success Gu in Cheng Bai mountain.


 "I know a method which can get us a human shaped life Gu quickly." Desolate Ancient Moon suddenly said.


 "What method?" Northern Dark Ice Soul had a bad feeling.


 Desolate Ancient Moon smiled: "That is... I will go into the bottom of the sea and assimilate with this blue sea, returning back to a life Gu."


 Although Desolate Ancient Moon had transformed into a monster, she was intrinsically a human.


 The essence of her life had not changed.


 Since she was a human, once she was assimilated, she would form a human shaped blue gem like life Gu.


 This speculation was not wrong.


 No wonder wisdom Gu said: But remember, you cannot spend over fifteen minutes in the sea, otherwise you will be assimilated by the sea.


 Wisdom Gu’s words did not have any superfluous words.


 Wisdom Gu had also said: If you are not able to do it, don’t blame my solution for not being easy to use.


 One could analyze from this sentence — it was extremely likely there were no human shaped blue gems in the blue sea. If the siblings were not willing to sacrifice themselves, they would not be able to obtain human shaped life Gu. As such, don’t blame me, the wisdom Gu, if you are not able to do it.


 "No, you can’t sacrifice yourself like this, elder sister." Northern Dark Ice Soul immediately dissuaded.


 Although he wanted to bring his father back to life, he did not want to sacrifice his own sister.


 "I need to do it, the meaning of my life is to bring father back to life." Desolate Ancient Moon replied tranquilly.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul suddenly could not say anything.


 It was him who gave this meaning to Desolate Ancient Moon’s life, and Desolate Ancient Moon was living for this. In other words, if her father could not be brought back to life, there would be no meaning in her life. Then what would be the use in continuing to live?


 As long as she sacrificed herself, she could bring her father back to life; this was the greatest meaning of Desolate Ancient Moon’s life!


 "Humans originally were gems of the world. It is only that whether the gems are bright or not require us to polish them. Every effort we make, every choice we take, are all polishing each of our gems."


 "And humans can only obtain life by sacrificing life."


 Desolate Ancient Moon leisurely spoke before sinking into the blue sea.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul tried his best to stop her, but he was not able to. Desolate Ancient Moon had become a monster with incomparable strength, and he was not her match.


 After fifteen minutes of time, Desolate Ancient Moon was assimilated by the blue sea and turned into a human shaped blue gem.


 But this blue gem was not of a healthy human shape but a badly damaged, less than half a proper human shape.


 This was because Desolate Ancient Moon had given her ’middle age’ to wisdom Gu.


 Humans, in the process of understanding what life was, would often have already used up half of their lives.


 Northern Dark Ice Soul held this blue gem with tears in his eyes, and left the golden desert.


 He did not have any of the happiness of success, but instead sank down into extreme remorse.


 From a certain perspective, it was him who had killed his elder sister.


 ...


 "There are still fifty steps left!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted with all his strength.


 They pushed forward with difficulty with a companion falling down every short moment, the intense and bitter battle had left them with only five people now!


 But success was right in front of their eyes!


 "Just a little more of a push..."


 "I will tear these blood beasts into pieces!!"


 Zhu Zai and Gao Yang protected Tai Bai Yun Sheng from left and right; they also shouted to raise the morale.


 Thirty steps!


 Two more fell down, leaving behind Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Zhu and Gao.


 The surrounding blood beasts brandished their claws and fangs, looking extremely malevolent. They advanced wave upon wave in their endless numbers.


 Ten steps!


 Zhu Zai and Gao Yang used all their strength, suffering disastrous losses to their Gu worms because of excessive use, and their primeval essence was also almost depleted.


 "This old man owes both of you a favor, I swear I will definitely reward you heavily sometime in the future!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes shone brightly, his tone extremely earnest and sincere.


 "Old sir, what are you saying! We were saved by you back then, without old sir, we would not be alive today!"


 "Old sir’s life saving favor is as heavy as a mountain! Even if we die today, it can be considered repaying your favor."


 Gao Yang and Zhu Zai replied, full of emotions.


 There existed two-faced hypocrites in the righteous path, and demonic path likewise was not without true heroes!


 Five steps!


 "Save me!" Zhu Zai shouted and without caring for defense, pounced on the blood beasts blocking the way forward, perishing together with them.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng stretched out his palm but the white light did not come out.


 He shouted out involuntarily: "Not good, my primeval essence is finished!"


 This bad news immediately made Gao Yang’s expression turn pale white.


 All along, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had served as the core of the group. Only with man as before Gu’s continuous support, everyone was able to push forward this deep.


 "It doesn’t matter, no blood beasts will enter the great hall. As long as I can enter the great hall, I can recover my primeval essence quickly and save Zhu Zai!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted.


 Gao Yang’s spirits rose.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was right, blood beasts might tear apart the corpse, but their main priority was absorbing the blood. As long as most of the corpse was intact, there was hope of saving Zhu Zai.


 Snarl!


 Next moment, a strong blood beast that looked like a giant python suddenly moved in from behind and swallowed Gao Yang in one bite!


 Two steps!


 The great hall’s door was very close; with a body filled with injuries, Tai Bai Yun Sheng staggered forward through a small gap among the blood beasts.


 At the crucial moment, he used up his final precious bit of primeval essence to summon a golden armor which resisted the blood beasts’ attacks.


 He reached!


 "Humans can only obtain life by sacrificing life. Gao Yang, Zhu Zai, I will remember your sacrifices!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng exerted all his remaining strength to push open the door.


 He fell down inside the great hall, the blood beasts behind him roared, snarled and brandished their claws, but did not dare to enter the great hall.


 It was just like what Tai Bai Yun Sheng had investigated before.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng lay down on the ground with no strength left in his body. The injuries all over his body were continually transmitting intense pain.


 He took a few strong gasps of breath, and suddenly started laughing heartily, but his laughter contained a sobbing tone.


 Tears were overflowing on his face.


 "This round has three great halls and sixty-nine side halls! If one crosses the round completely within a certain time period, they can obtain high grade evaluation. Passing two great halls and forty-six side halls will be considered middle grade evaluation. I surpassed twenty-three side halls and one great hall, I can only obtain low grade evaluation. But regardless, I have obtained lifespan Gu!"


 "Fifteen year lifespan Gu can increase my lifespan by fifteen years. A whole fifteen years..."


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was exclaiming with deep and boundless emotion, when suddenly, his eyes blacked out and he fainted.



***
Chapter 592: Deep Dark Shadow


***





 Chapter 592: Deep Dark Shadow


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan lowered his head, observing Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had already fainted and lost consciousness.


 He was the culprit who caused Tai Bai Yun Sheng to fall unconscious.


 At this moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s body was bathed in blood, he was lying on the ground and within his deep eye sockets, his eyes were tightly shut.


 There were lots of injuries on him, his snow white hair had stuck together because of dried blood, he no longer had the demeanour and appearance of the number one healing Gu Master in northern plains.


 Merely a few steps away, outside the main hall’s doors, a sea of blood beasts were growling, the messy overlapping noises were sent over with great force.


 Fang Yuan raised his head, staring at them as he opened his mouth and said lightly: "Shut up."


 Almost immediately, there was silence outside the hall.


 The blood beasts all became quiet, lying prostrate on the ground like obedient cats or dogs, staying motionless.


 Fang Yuan made use of the six-edge owner token to control this floor, he was the master of this floor, these beasts were all his to control, they listened to his commands and moved according to his will.


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes, his mind entering this floor’s control system as he let his senses observe the area.


 At the moment, in this particular round, there were many Gu Masters remaining.


 Among these Gu Masters, some were Gu Masters recruited by Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but during the earlier fighting they had been separated from the main party. Another portion were the information gatherers of all the different forces, they were all investigative Gu Masters. They came from Hei tribe, Ma Tribe, Ye Lui tribe, and all the other large forces, with the intention of observing whether Tai Bai Yun Sheng failed or succeeded.


 As for this hall and its surroundings, within them, other than those rotten and dried corpses, only Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were left now.


 Fang Yuan closed the great hall’s door, half squatting on the ground as he stretched out his right palm, grabbing onto Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s skull.


 His Gu worms had been prepared long ago, he activated them one by one.


 Very soon, above Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s head, a weak shining white light was formed, becoming the only source of light in this dark and dim great hall.


 As the light got more and more intense, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s face gradually showed a painful expression, and his brows were frowning more intensely.


 After a moment of stillness, Fang Yuan suddenly opened his eyes!


 His eyes had no pupils, it was pure white in color.


 The whites of his eyes gave off a weak light as at the same time, a large number of images flashed across in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s life, from his old age all the way until he was young, all the memories had been extracted by Fang Yuan.


 ...


 An old man was walking in northern plains, the sky was vast and the wilderness was boundless, the winds blew as the grass was drooping in response, wolf groups were howling freely.


 ...


 "Old sir, we brothers will never forget the kindness you have displayed by saving our lives!" Gao Yang and Zhu Zai kneeled down together before Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 ...


 A purple haired old beggar opened his mouth, showing his remaining few teeth, laughing in a weird manner: "What kind of Gu Master do you want to become? Hehehe, I happen to have three complete sets of inheritances with me here!"


 ...


 "Mm, this lad has a passable appearance, we will choose him." In the inkmen city, an inkman was pointing at Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was in his youth as he laughed loudly and said.


 Even further back, during the time when he was even younger...


 "Why, why did you betray me?!" On the night of their joyous wedding, Tai Bai Yun Sheng fell weakly on the ground as extremely loud shouting and fighting noises resounded outside the tent.


 As for his wife, she had an expression full of coldness and hatred, she slowly got close to him as her eyes shone with a ruthless light, she gritted her teeth as she said: "Tai Bai Yun Sheng, if you want to blame someone, blame your parents. They were the ones who devoured my tribe, they killed my parents, I want to exact revenge for them!"


 During the time of his childhood...


 "My son, you are the next generation tribe leader of our Tai Bai tribe! You are not allowed to cry, do not have the heart of needless sympathy! To survive in northern plains, we need to have a tougher heart, a tougher stance! After all in the future, you have to lead our Tai Bai tribe." His father was scolding him in a very strict manner.


 ...


 "Ahhh..." Fang Yuan was screaming from the intense pain.


 In his mind, countless images were flashing, they were depicting Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s entire life, a legendary tale. Such a huge amount of information had a large impact on Fang Yuan’s mind and caused great damage to him.


 Thankfully, the images were not endless and unceasing, there came a time when they finally ended.


 After browsing through Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s entire life, Fang Yuan immediately stopped using his Gu worms, sitting down on the ground to rest.


 He was breathing roughly and panting, his entire body was coated in sweat. A long time later, his pupils regained their original color.


 Soul searching, this was not an easy action. Especially when Fang Yuan was concerned about Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s safety and did not want to cause harm to his life, he could only endure most of the pressure of the soul search himself.


 After stopping the soul search, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was still sound asleep, but his tightly knitted brows had slowly eased as he relaxed. His breathing was more stable now, and his expression was rather peaceful.


 In contrast, Fang Yuan’s brows were starting to frown instead.


 "I did not find it!" He heaved a long sigh in pity.


 "What did you not manage to find?" In his mind, Mo Yao’s will could not hold in her curiosity as she asked.


 Fang Yuan’s actions were very strange, it made her very curious.


 Fang Yuan did not answer her, he only frowned even more as time passed. The matter of landscape as before Gu was related to his grand scheme after rebirth, how could he possibly tell this to Mo Yao?


 Landscape as before Gu was an Immortal Gu that Tai Bai Yun Sheng obtained only after he became an immortal.


 Rumors said: This Gu was created naturally on its own when Tai Bai Yun Sheng became an immortal, and heaven and earth resonated with him, causing it to spontaneously condense.


 But there was another possibility, that within Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mind, he had the Immortal Gu recipe for Landscape As Before from the start.


 If he really had the Immortal Gu recipe, then Fang Yuan could steal this Gu recipe, along with river as before Gu and mountain as before Gu, bringing to Lang Ya blessed land and asking Lang Ya land spirit to help by refining this Immortal Gu on his behalf.


 This way, he did not have to take a risk and seize the food from the tiger’s mouth, it would greatly reduce his danger.


 But after this soul search, Fang Yuan obtained a horrible result.


 Fang Yuan did not manage to find the Immortal Gu recipe for Landscape As Before, this indicated that the rumors were really true. Landscape as before Gu was indeed a product of the resonance of heaven and earth during the moment when Tai Bai Yun Sheng became a Gu Immortal.


 That also meant that: If Fang Yuan wanted to obtain this Immortal Gu, he would have to snatch this Gu by force from Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had already become an immortal by then.


 Fang Yuan was still not a Gu Immortal, as for battling an immortal as a mortal, Fang Yuan had never heard of any examples of success in his life, it was no doubt tougher than ascending to heaven!


 But what other choices did he have?


 Back then, among the three options, this was no doubt the easiest way. He had already invested time and effort into this plan, although Fang Yuan did not have absolute confidence of success, he had no choice but to continue making preparations and take a risk to try it anyway!


 ...


 Outside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s image appeared slowly.


 "He is back, he is back!"


 "How was the result? Someone saw Tai Bai Yun Sheng fighting his way into the main hall."


 "Oh no, Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng is motionless, it seems he has fallen unconscious!"


 The surrounding Gu Masters immediately went over as a crowd.


 After taking a look, all of their expression changed mildly. Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s body was filled with extremely serious injuries, they were all secretly stunned in their hearts.


 "He is still breathing!" Someone stretched out his finger and placed it below Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s nose, shouting loudly: "Quick, who is a healing Gu Master, quickly stabilize Old Sir’s current injuries!"


 "I will do it, I will do it!"


 "I am also a healing Gu Master!!"


 Many healing Gu Masters quickly helped out, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s reputation and extremely kind hearted nature had already been ingrained in everyone’s hearts.


 There was no doubt that he was much more popular and loved by people compared to Hei Lou Lan and Chang Shan Yin.


 "Even Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng suffered injuries to such a grave extent, sigh, it seems that this time, the round might not have been passed." Someone sighed.


 "The time for the challenge has already ended, but most of the Gu Masters did not return safely, we have truly suffered a huge loss this time!"


 "Among all of you, has anyone seen Lord Gao Yang and Zhu Zai coming out?" Someone jolted abruptly, suddenly asking.


 Everyone started looking around frantically, but they just ended up staring at each other.


 No one saw the figures of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai, meanwhile in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, that round was still intact and available for challengers. Except that in this short period, Gu Masters were not allowed to enter again.


 Everyone was very clear about what this implied.


 Ever since Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had formed, five rank five experts had already been sacrificed.


 Such grave casualties and losses, it caused the entire area to go into deep silence.


 When Tai Bai Yun Sheng opened his eyes eventually, he found himself lying on a bed, his entire body was feeling weak to the point where he even had difficulties sitting up.


 Seeing that he opened his eyes, a servant nearby who was attending to him shouted immediately out of joy: "Old sir, you are finally awake, you have finally woken up! Someone quickly come, someone quickly come, old sir has woken up!"


 Very soon, Tai Bai Yun Sheng could hear a large number of footsteps rushing over towards him.


 A group of healing Gu Masters came to his side, checking his body’s condition for him collectively.


 "Lord elder, rest assured, your injuries are no longer a problem. Except that you are of old age, so the injuries this time have affected your physical condition. From now on, you have to recuperate carefully, especially for the next few months, your body is weak and lacking in nourishment, you need to rest and recover slowly." The head of the healing Gu Masters urged him in a gentle tone.


 In order to get a team to challenge the round, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had no choice but to agree to Hei Lou Lan’s request and had already become an external elder of Hei tribe.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s gaze was completely unfocused, ever since he woke up, he had been in a daze, after hearing these words, he regained some of his senses as he asked: "Where is this place?"


 "Replying to lord elder’s question, this is Lord Hei Lou Lan’s residence. Ever since lord elder failed in challenging the round, and returned barely alive, our tribe leader has been very concerned, he personally brought you here to receive treatment. The servants have already reported your awakening, I believe that very soon, lord tribe leader will be here to see you." The leader of the Gu Masters once again replied.


 "Failed in challenging the round, and returning barely alive?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng frowned slightly, the memories in his mind were slowly surfacing, as he recalled that final scene that had happened —


 He expended his final portion of primeval essence, activating his defense Gu as he successfully charged into the great hall amidst the attacks and rampaging of the blood beasts.


 But soon after, he fainted and fell unconscious, losing perception of all his senses!


 When he woke up, he found that he was lying here.


 "Does that mean, I really failed in challenging the round?!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tone suddenly turned sharp, as his gaze became sharper than ever.


 "Lord elder..." The healing Gu Masters around the bed all looked at each other, they wanted to offer words of consolation, but they could not bring themselves to say a thing.


 Thus, they could only lower their heads silently.


 The room suddenly became completely quiet.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s gaze was staring into the distance, after being silent for a while, he suddenly raised his head and laughed: "Haha, so I failed after all. All that sacrifice for nothing, all that sacrifice for absolutely nothing!"


 He could not get up now, so he could only use his palm to slam the side of the bed with all his strength, laughing maniacally.


 "Lord elder, lord elder!" The healing Gu Masters were frantic, they quickly tried to calm him down.


 "My pitiful Gao Yang, my pitiful Zhu Zai, they sacrificed their lives in order to protect me!" Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes were overflowing with tears, his laughter was filled with pure agony.


 "My condolences to lord elder, there is a limit to what a person can do, lord elder had already done his best!"


 "Lord elder, the fact that you managed to survive is already the greatest fortune among misfortunes."


 "People die when they are killed, the dead cannot be resurrected, old sir, you have to stay strong for all of us..."


 Everyone spoke one after another, trying to calm down the unstable Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 But these words felt like utter sarcasm when they entered Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s ears. They were like needles stabbing into his heart one by one.


 At the final crucial moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng preserved his primeval essence and did not choose to save Gao Yang and Zhu Zai. It was for himself, to activate the defense Gu and charge into the main hall.


 That was him, for his own selfish gains, he had ignored the sacrifices of his comrades.


 Was this still Tai Bai Yun Sheng?


 Was this still that admirable and publicly recognised figure in northern plains who helped and saved the injured, healing people everywhere, the Tai Bai Yun Sheng who eliminated pain and suffering?


 Why did he do that?


 But at that crucial moment, he had no time to think about it carefully, he chose to do it in an instant!


 Purposely sacrificing Gao Yang and Zhu Zai to obtain a chance for himself to obtain that fifteen year lifespan Gu which was the reward for passing the round! It was for his own purpose of extending his life!


 Such a decision made Tai Bai Yun Sheng feel very unfamiliar with himself, he felt extremely ashamed, extremely inferior, and extremely regretful!


 Back then, there was no hesitation, he did not think about it, that decision had transformed his morals into a whip, interrogating his soul and lashing at his conscience!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng shut his eyes in great pain, his fists were tightly clenched.


 "Lord tribe leader has arrived!"


 "Subordinate pays respects to lord tribe leader."


 The entire room kneeled, as Hei Lou Lan carried a smiling expression and walked towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Seeing Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s pained expression, Hei Lou Lan frowned lightly, but soon his frown vanished: "Elder Tai Bai, I am very glad that you are awake. I have already heard about the situation, you, Gao Yang, and Zhu Zai had displayed the bravery and courage of us northern plains men, although you failed, it was an admirable attempt! As long as you learn from this attempt, I’m sure you’ll be able to pass this round in the future, overwriting failure with success and washing away the humiliation."


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not open his eyes, he did not speak a word as his expression remained painful.


 He had already understood the reason why he failed.


 After he charged into the main hall, he had successfully avoided the attacks of the blood beasts as he fell on the main hall. But after succeeding, he laughed wildly in great joy, and because his state of mind had been greatly volatile and fluctuating, together with his grave injuries, he lost consciousness.


 To get through this round, there was a time limit as well.


 Once the time was up, his unconscious self was sent out forcefully along with the other Gu Masters at the fringe of the battlefield.


 He was obviously a single step away from success, but he failed because he had fallen unconscious.


 Such an ironic ending, this was not the source of the intense pain in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart.


 His pain was because he had abandoned his comrades for his own selfish gains.


 Was this still Tai Bai Yun Sheng?


 His memories flashed in his mind one by one once more.


 From youth, he had always believed in the power of love.


 Since he was a child, he had been reputed to have a kind heart.


 When Tai Bai tribe devoured other tribes, he saw that his childhood friend was going to suffer the horrible fate of becoming a female slave, thus he stepped up and requested to marry her. Because of this, the batch of captives were also spared.


 But on the night of their wedding, his wife betrayed him. The captives contacted outside enemies and assaulted his tribe, causing his parents to die from this incident.


 His slave life after that was extremely tough and pitiful, and he had always been suffering the intense guilt and regret in his heart.


 Finally, one day, he gave an unacquainted old beggar a bowl of water out of kindness, and the old beggar gave him three immortal inheritances to choose from.


 The first could allow him to bathe in flames and step on fire, surpassing the mortal realm.


 The second could allow him to control wind and fly in the air, roaming the world freely.


 The third could allow him to surpass life and death, gaining the ability to assist the world’s people.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng chose the third inheritance.


 From then on, it was as if he found the light in the darkness, his heart was no longer in turmoil as he had no regrets anymore, he had been completely reborn!


 After so many years, the old beggar’s laughter was still ringing in his ears.


 Surpassing life and death, gaining the ability to help people, this had become his life’s goal.


 And indeed, he truly achieved this in his life later on.


 Countless people felt gratitude towards him, his kind reputation had spread widely, his light was shining over the entire northern plains.


 He was a living legend.


 But right now!


 He had failed!


 His failure was not in that he did not receive the lifespan Gu. But because he betrayed his comrades, he betrayed the way of life that he had set for himself!!


 But the most ironic thing was, all these were done by his own subconscious.


 He spent almost his entire life to establish a way of life for himself that he believed in. But that at moment, he completely destroyed his own ideals.


 He had seen the other side of himself, his own selfish nature.


 He had once thought, he was the person everyone knew him as — walking on the grassland under the setting sun, helping and saving people throughout the region, the savior of the world.


 But now, in his heart, this image was slowly leaving him, it was limping away from him.


 In the brilliance of the setting sun, his shadow was stretched out and extended into the horizon.


 The shadow was extremely dark...



***
Chapter 593: Appearance of the strength path Immortal Gu


***





 Chapter 593: Appearance of the strength path Immortal Gu


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hei Lou Lan’s brows furrowed as he walked out of Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s room.


 "An expert cannot become conceited by success nor discouraged by failure; who could have thought the grand, renowned Tai Bai Yun Sheng was no more than this." he was very dissatisfied with Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mental state.


 "Tai Bai Yun Sheng is the number one healer, if his state is not good, the difficulty for me to cross the rounds will increase by a lot." Hei Lou Lan raised his head and looked above.


 On the summit of the sacred palace, the bright aurora was surging majestically.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had already condensed sixty-seven floors and was currently condensing sixty-eighth floor.


 Hei Lou Lan gazed at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building with an obsessed look, a cold light of ambition flashing in his eyes.


 In the sixty-eighth floor there existed a strength path Immortal Gu!


 Hei Lou Lan possessed an one-edge owner token, this strength path Immortal Gu was assimilated into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building just moments ago, and he could immediately perceive it.


 This was a rank six strength path Immortal Gu called flying bear strength Gu.


 The flying bear was a desolate beast with battle strength that could match Gu Immortals.


 Flying bear strength Gu could allow the Gu Immortal to have a definite probability of bursting out with a flying bear phantom during battle and strike with the divine strength of flying bear.


 This was the Immortal Gu Hei Lou Lan wanted. With it, he could advance into a strength path Gu Immortal!


 "I must get this Immortal Gu in my hands. My plan for revenge only has hope if I have it!" Hei Lou Lan unconsciously clenched his fists, but soon relaxed.


 His trusted aide Hei Shu came towards him in short, quick steps, and kneeled before him.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression quickly changed back to normal.


 Even in front of his trusted aide, he did not reveal even a trace of his true emotions.


 Every day, during this time, Hei Shu would come to report on the movements of every great expert in the sacred palace: "Lord Chang Shan Yin is still at the ninetieth round of seventh floor and has still not made any progress. Lord Ye Lui Sang is at the forty-ninth floor, he has crossed the eighty-first round, thirty percent of the Gu Masters with him have perished...."


 Hei Lou Lan had completely opened up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to everyone; it was a generous move that was rarely seen in the history, attracting a craze in everyone to explore Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Even though every owner token’s price was raised to a sky-high amount, there were still countless people scrambling for them madly.


 Humans die for wealth and birds die for food; blinded by greed, many had lost their lives.


 Adding the casualties from the attempt of Tai Bai Yun Sheng, five rank five experts had died already - Chang Biao, Pan Ping, Hao Ji Liu, Gao Yang and Zhu Zai. This was an enormous loss to Hei Lou Lan.


 The smaller the forces he could mobilize became, the harder the difficulty in getting flying bear strength Gu.


 Of course, there was also a certain benefit by completely opening up Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. As long as the participating Gu Masters could survive, most would be able to experience rapid increase in strength.


 There were also not a small number who were able to successfully advance, creating many new rank four and rank five Gu Masters.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was originally arranged by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable for the benefit of his descendants.


 "This sixty-eighth floor is the main focus of our tribe, it even far surpasses winning over the thirty-ninth floor. This is a task specially handed to me by a certain supreme elder of our tribe. Thus, every bit of strength in the sacred palace needs to be treasured. Hei Shu, make this news public: Starting now, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building will be closed and everyone will listen to my arrangements. After breaking through the sixty-eighth floor, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building will be opened again." Hei Lou Lan instructed, his tone containing a will that could not be questioned.


 When Hei Shu heard this was actually a task given by the tribe’s supreme elder, his body shook and his expression turned extremely solemn.


 "Get to work." Hei Lou Lan waved his hand.


 Hei Shu accepted the command and retreated.


 Every Imperial Court contest was a chess game played by Gu Immortals. Even the stronger Gu Masters were no more than chess pieces.


 To seek some kind of Immortal Gu, Gu Immortals would provide support to certain tribes participating in the Imperial Court contest. This was a common set of circumstances.


 Hei Lou Lan was sure that everyone would be dissatisfied by his decision to close Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, but under the pressure of a Gu Immortal’s reputation, no one would dare to raise an issue.


 "Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s injuries are too severe, but I can make him participate in the battle after he rests for about half a month. After all, he is a healing Gu Master and will be in the rear of the battlefield. He needs lifespan Gu, I can start from this aspect to mobilize him."


 "Chang Shan Yin is fighting the seventh floor. Hehe, his days have not been easy because his son suddenly perished in this round. To get back his reputation, he must pass this round. But he demanded flying bear phantom Immortal Gu from me before, taking loans and owing me a great deal of resources. I can mobilize him."


 "There is also Ye Lui Sang, he has a fire path support type Immortal Gu and would be of strong help to me. I can entice him with heavy bait...of course, the crucial point will still be using the strength of the three Gu Immortals, Xue Song Zi, Hei Cheng and Hei Bai. Hehehe, I should send them letters."


 ...


 Hei Bai was extremely excited after reading Hei Lou Lan’s letter: "I waited so long and now finally the wooden chicken Gu has appeared, I did not think it would be within the sixty-eighth floor."


 He did not doubt the contents of this letter in the least.


 After all, Hei Lou Lan was Hei Cheng’s son, and was the current Hei tribe leader. If his loyalty was doubted, then was there anyone in the world who was worth trusting?


 Hei Cheng smiled brightly: "Virtuous brother, every cloud has a silver lining, hard work will eventually pay off. Did the letter mention anything about strength path Immortal Gu?"


 Hei Bai’s face flushed red: "I am ashamed, I was only thinking of wooden chicken Gu and forgot about nephew’s situation. Nephew has Great Strength True Martial Physique, he must have a strength path Immortal Gu to advance to Gu Immortal. Nephew has mentioned about this in the letter, but unfortunately a strength path Immortal Gu has yet to appear in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building."


 "Still no strength path Immortal Gu?" Hei Cheng frowned.


 Previously, when Hei Bai had been worried about wooden chicken Gu, he was consoled by Hei Cheng. This time, it was Hei Bai’s turn to console Hei Cheng: "Brother, no need to worry, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building has altogether eighty-eight floors, there are still twenty floors that have not condensed yet."


 Hei Cheng nodded, sighing: "Immortal Gu Dark Limit won’t be able to mask his physique any longer, this can almost be considered as my son’s final chance at life. Sigh... Man proposes and God disposes, we can only leave things to the will of heaven."


 Hei Bai’s heart was fervent as he changed the topic back to wooden chicken Gu. He reminded: "Brother, time waits for no man, let’s quickly prepare to give some help to Hei Lou Lan!"


 "Yes. This matter demands immediate actions, which place did the letter mention?" Hei Cheng slowly stood up from his seat.


 Hei Bai also followed suit and stood up: "It is near Demon Blood Hill."


 "Let’s go."


 The two Gu Immortals were very straightforward as they immediately set off.


 Not long later, they arrived at the sky above Demon Blood Hill.


 Demon Blood Hill was a famous area in northern plains where four great tribes of the righteous path had allied to annihilate a gang of demonic path bandits who had been ravaging around northern plains.


 The demonic path bandits were extremely fierce because of their deep background, with demonic path Gu Immortals secretly supporting them from the dark.


 After the intense battle, the bandit gang was completely annihilated while the righteous path also suffered serious losses. The blood of demonic path Gu Masters dyed the whole hill red, and thus later generations called the hill ’Demon Blood Hill’.


 Hei Lou Lan had requested help in the letter.


 Hei tribe’s two Gu Immortals had already prepared for a long time and were ready to leave at any time; this was to help Hei Lou Lan to clear the floor as fast as possible.


 But Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was located in Imperial Court blessed land, why would the two Gu Immortals from Hei tribe come here?


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s structure needed to be mentioned for this.


 The previous ink text had explained: Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was a rank eight Immortal Gu house formed from innumerable small towers, with divert disaster Gu as one of the main cornerstones.


 There were gaps of several li between each small tower, covering Imperial Court blessed land in accordance to each region of northern plains. During ordinary times, the small towers would be taking in the wild Gu within Imperial Court blessed land. As every ten year period arrived, these small towers would start to sink one after another, sacrificing the wild Gu inside them while also resonating with the blizzard in the outside world to achieve a miraculous power.


 This power would carry out an enormous plundering of the whole of northern plains, taking in the precious Gu resources of northern plains to above the sacred palace in Imperial Court blessed land, and thus condensing floor after floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 These floors would form on top of one another, finally forming the complete Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!


 Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s plan had been rejected by Long Hair Ancestor. Long Hair Ancestor was a refinement path supreme grandmaster, and thought of an exquisite plan with a different approach, refining the current Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Every time Eighty-Eight True Yang Building formed was a process of refining Gu once again.


 It not only made use of the wild Gu in the small towers but also the Gu worms absorbed into it.


 For example, looking at the sixty-eighth floor, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building first absorbed flying bear strength Gu and refined it, using the strength of the Gu to form the hundredth round.


 Again, absorbing other strong Gu worms to form the ninety-ninth round. Following was the ninety-eight round, ninety-seventh.....


 It was like building a high building, one must first build a strong foundation.


 If there were not qualified Gu worms, then Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would replace it with Gu recipe, primeval stones, inheritance secrets and so on.


 Everyone knew the harder the rounds in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building were, the more bountiful the rewards would be. Conversely, the more bountiful the rewards or stronger the Gu worms, the more difficult the round would be.


 One could say every Gu worm assimilated into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was a part of its structure.


 Countless Imperial Court contests passed by while countless generations of sagely immortals had been probing before the workings of this mechanism of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building were finally discovered.


 Originally, there were no flaws in this.


 But with the passing of time, changes started to appear which created a loophole, allowing northern plains’ Gu Masters to exploit it.


 This loophole was in the aspect of ’refinement’.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building plundered northern plains and absorbed Gu worms, ’refining’ them and using their strength to form rounds.


 What did Gu refinement rely on?


 Will!


 Back then, how did Fang Yuan refine the liquor worm?


 By using primeval essence as a carrier for the Gu Master’s will to continually wear down the Gu worm’s will, until the Gu worm was filled with the Gu Master’s will, thoroughly turning into the Gu Master’s tool.


 When Fang Yuan refined Gu, he had used Immortal Gu Spring Autumn Cicada to get the desired result at the least expense.


 If the Gu worms differ by two ranks or more, there would be suppression. Fang Yuan used Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura to force the lower ranked Gu worm’s will to curl up at a corner, and then poured in his primeval essence and will straight into the Gu worm, swallowing the withdrawn Gu worm’s will.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was not a Gu Master, how could it refine other Gu worms?


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, thus, intentionally left behind his will!


 Giant Sun’s will!


 Fang Yuan had seen Giant Sun’s will when he was refining the guest halt stele before. It was genuinely majestic and vast like the sun.


 Comparatively speaking, the will Fang Yuan left behind after refining the guest halt stele was as minute as an ant.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building refined Gu worms by using Giant Sun’s will.


 Immortal Venerable were unrivalled, their wills were also similarly unrivalled and could easily extinguish other wills.


 Thus, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had never encountered any problems when refining Gu worms.


 However, there was a problem.


 Wills were formed from thoughts, if there was not a soul to act as the carrier, continuous thinking would only lead to unceasing consumption.


 To resist such astonishing consumption, the will would often choose to hibernate.


 When Fang Yuan entered Water Pavilion, Mo Yao’s will which was stored inside had awoken from her hibernation.


 Giant Sun’s will might be vast as the Sun, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had passed away for countless years now; the will was gradually unable to resist the power of time and also chose to hibernate!


 When Giant Sun’s will went into hibernation, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s Gu refinement speed slowed down.


 This reduction in speed caused a loophole to appear in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.



***
Chapter 594: Plan activated!


***





 Chapter 594: Plan activated!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Strong winds blew and snow wreaked havoc.


 Demon Blood Hill which used to have dark red grass growing all over was now a scene of whiteness.


 The lofty hill also had surrendered to the power of ten year’s blizzard, appearing weak as a baby.


 Roar Roar Roar....


 Enormous figures that were as tall as thirty feet, appeared and disappeared in the blizzard. These were monsters that only appeared during the blizzard — snow monsters.


 These snow monsters were stronger the larger their size.


 A thirty feet tall snow monster could battle a rank three Gu Master. Forty feet tall had the strength of a rank four Gu Master. And fifty feet tall had the terrifying power of a rank five Gu Master.


 Following the blizzard, the snow monsters began to devastate the whole of Northern Plains.


 They slowly converged together and attacked several surviving areas of Northern Plains, bringing destruction to the dying humans and living beings.


 But there is a weakness to everything, snow monsters were snowmen’s prey.


 Snowmen could rapidly propagate by devouring snow monsters’ meat and blood, even prolonging their lifespan.


 Hei Bai and Hei Cheng stood on the summit of the Demon Blood Hill for a while.


 Their black robes were exceptionally conspicuous in the white snowy land.


 Beside them were corpses of hundreds of snow monsters. Unless snow monsters that had reached the height of sixty feet appeared, even in great numbers they could only be trash throwing away their lives when fighting Gu Immortals.


 Hei Bai and Hei Cheng had already waited for a long time now.


 Suddenly, Hei Bai’s expression shook as he got a response, his sharp gaze looking at his left.


 There, maelstroms of wind and snow started to form in the air.


 Within a blink of an eye, they turned one by one into whole giant hands formed from wind and snow — flying snow hand.


 After the enormous flying snow hands condensed completely, they grabbed at Hei Bai and Hei Cheng.


 "Haha, we have been waiting for you." Hei Bai laughed brightly and flicked his finger repeatedly, sending out large numbers of rank five Gu worms.


 Hei Cheng also made his move.


 The enormous flying snow hands grabbed Gu worms and soon each of them clenched tightly. The snow hands crumbled apart while the Gu worms inside disappeared without a trace, captured tightly by a power that took them into Imperial Court blessed land.


 Hei tribe’s two Gu Immortals did not resist in the slightest and let the Gu worms be taken by the flying snow hands.


 Such a situation lasted for a whole hour before all the rank five Gu worms were captured away. Hei Bai and Hei Cheng only then stopped, looking at each other with a smile before flying away rapidly, disappearing into the horizon in a blink of an eye.


 "Support has arrived!" After some time, Hei Lou Lan got a response, his gaze burned as he gazed above at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 At the peak of the sacred palace, an aurora was shaking.


 The sixty-eighth floor was still condensing with the hundredth round already being formed before. The still not formed sixty-eighth floor was only in its embryonic stage, the aurora around it continually shook like liquid, holding the large numbers of Gu worms captured just before from outside the blessed land.


 A part of these Gu worms were wild Gu whereas a portion came from Hei Cheng and Hei Bai, two Gu Immortals.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building chose the strongest among them to form the ninety-ninth round, ninety-eighth round....


 Hei Lou Lan carefully sensed it for a while before slightly frowning: "The two from Hei tribes have already made their move but that Xue Song Zi is still biding his time, hmph!"


 He had bribed Xue Song Zi to reach an agreement. One of the contents of the agreement was Xue Song Zi help him at a designated time period.


 However, Xue Song Zi was not showing any signs of movement at present.


 Hei Lou Lan was displeased, immediately sending a letter through a Gu worm.


 Soon, he received the reply.


 In the letter, Xue Song Zi complained about how the two Gu Immortals from Hei tribe were pressuring him these days and how his snowman business had taken a dive, already running at a loss. He also added how he had already supported Hei Lou Lan with many rank five Gu for wooden chicken Gu some time ago. And it was beyond his power to send support now.


 "Lies!" Hei Lou Lan was furious, almost pinching this letter Gu to death, "There is indeed no one good in the demonic path, they all are treacherous and sly bastards."


 But soon, Hei Lou Lan’s anger subsided.


 Truthfully, he had predicted this.


 After all, he was only a mortal while Xue Song Zi was a lofty Gu Immortal. A mortal dealing with a Gu Immortal was like an ant negotiating with an elephant.


 The two were simply not at the same level. If the Gu Immortal refused to acknowledge and reneged back on the promise, the mortal could do nothing about it.


 Hei Lou Lan was secretly worried.


 The sixty-eighth floor was in the process of condensing and the longer the time went by, the weaker the effect of a Gu Immortal’s support would be.


 "It seems, I need to first obtain wooden chicken Gu to make Xue Song Zi help me!" Hei Lou Lan sneered, immediately sending an order to convene everyone.


 Wooden chicken Gu was on the thirty-ninth floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 For months now, Hei Lou Lan’s efforts had been concentrated on this floor. He also had Xue Song Zi’s help, thus the progress was very smooth, succeeding in pushing to the last round.


 Wooden chicken Gu was exactly the reward for this final round.


 This last round; it was difficult in a sense, but it was also very simple.


 What it tested was patience in putting in effort over a long period of time.


 Hei Lou Lan had personally led people and attempted the round for forty to fifty times altogether, now already having grasped its details. Every time, he would progress slightly and the accumulation of such progress gave shocking results. He was only a paper-thin distance away from success.


 "This is good too. Grasping this thirty-ninth floor would raise the morale for when we tackle the sixty-eighth floor." Hei Lou Lan thought for a while and immediately took action.


 The next day, he mustered large numbers of people, convening all the Gu Masters in the sacred palace, and held a pep rally.


 That very evening, he led everyone and successfully broke through the hundredth round, obtaining rank six Immortal Gu Wooden Chicken.


 Just like Hei Lou Lan expected, the breakthrough of the round raised morale and fighting spirit greatly, sweeping away the haze of Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s defeat.


 With Immortal Gu Wooden Chicken, Hei Lou Lan’s confidence rose greatly and he used it to lure Xue Song Zi into helping him.


 Seven days later, the sixty-eighth floor had completely taken form.


 Hei Lou Lan impatiently led everyone to charge into the floor.


 However, after arriving at the floor, he did not tackle the rounds anxiously, instead commanding the Gu Masters to spread out.


 Over a hundred refinement path Gu Masters were included in the troops.


 These people were all carefully selected and their loyalty could be trusted. Although they had not attained master level, they were elites.


 The refinement path Gu Masters formed a round formation upon which Hei Lou Lan slowly walked into the center.


 He sat down cross-legged and took out the two-edge owner token.


 The two-edge owner token slowly flew into the air and at the same time, Hei Lou Lan’s body also began to let out grey light.


 The light rays were sharp as needles, piercing into the air.


 Not only Hei Lou Lan, the remaining refinement path Gu Masters also let out sharp grey radiance.


 These needle sharp light rays continued to strengthen, becoming thicker and longer, flooding the whole round formation.


 The individual needle sharp rays started to touch each other, instantly linking together. A giant grey radiance slowly stretched out from the round formation, directly piercing into the two-edge owner token which was floating in the air.


 Outside the round formation were large numbers of Gu Masters spectating this while guarding against emergencies.


 "What are they doing?" A young Gu Master asked in confusion.


 An aged senior beside him patted his shoulder: "Hehe, this is the ability of super tribes! Kid, watch properly, the next scene will make your eyes open and jaw fall down."


 As he was saying this, the owner token suddenly shook.


 The tremor was weak, but following the dissemination of the giant sharp grey radiance, the scope of the tremor quickly increased.


 By the time this tremor spread to the round formation, it had already become a heavy tremor.


 The grey light rays condensed in the round formation like a light lake. From this heavy tremor, the lake suddenly erupted with dazzling light, forcing everyone to narrow their eyes.


 The grey light shone on every corner of the first round’s area.


 Just like the melting of snow, the world in the round gradually started turning transparent before completely dissipating.


 It was like a cover had been lifted, and as if the second layer underneath was revealed, Hei Lou Lan and the group arrived at the second round.


 "This is?!"


 "We actually passed the round without even making a move?"


 After a moment of silence, many young Gu Masters started making a big fuss.


 That young Gu Master from just before had eyes wide open and his jaw hanging down: "What in the world is this method?"


 The aged Gu Master beside replied with satisfaction: "This is a refinement path killer move that all super tribes have — Grey Meltdown. It can be used to rapidly pass rounds in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Kid, the scope of your vision should have expanded, right?"


 The young Gu Master whose vision was expanded, nodded his head nonstop and praised: "Amazing! Truly an amazing method! But, what do they need us for with such a method in their disposal?"


 The aged Gu Master’s smile turned forced: "This method is not effective every time. Some rounds can be crossed with this method, while some cannot."


 "Tsk tsk, this trick is quite interesting..." In Fang Yuan’s mind, Mo Yao revealed her body.


 Her posture was enchanting and her eyes had a hint of seduction. She mumbled to herself in an analytical way: "This should be digging into the hibernating will of Giant Sun’s control, attacking with coordination from both outside and inside. The Gu Masters outside the blessed land would release Gu at certain places, and these Gu worms would be absorbed into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, refined into the rounds. But Giant Sun’s will is hibernating, so the speed in refining the Gu worms has become slower. At best, they could only be considered half-refined."


 "The so-called killer move grey meltdown uses the owner token to connect with the half-refined Gu worms. As such, the core of the round will be directly refined. The round will naturally not be able to continue anymore and switch to the next round."


 "To do this, the crucial key is time. The state of the half-refined Gu won’t continue for long. Even if Giant Sun’s will is hibernating, as long as there is sufficient time, it will completely refine these Gu worms. In the case that these Gu worms are refined, the Gu Masters tackling the round cannot induce any reaction and the chance to forcibly refine them would be thoroughly lost."


 "Hehehe, you are indeed a refinement path grandmaster, being able to analyze so thoroughly with just a glance." Fang Yuan laughed in his mind, not stinting on his praise towards Mo Yao.


 To speak bluntly, this method was fighting with Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to refine the Gu worms.


 If Giant Sun’s will was awake, the Gu worms would be refined instantly, not leaving behind any opportunity.


 But it was hibernating now, the refinement had become slow and as such, there was a loophole that could be used.


 Fang Yuan was from the future, thus he knew this clearly.


 In his previous life, after central continent’s Gu Immortals had broken through Imperial Court blessed land, they had shown this method in the image clips they had disseminated everywhere.


 But this method could only be used as support.


 What central continent’s Gu Immortals truly relied on was still the glass owner token.


 This secondary owner token could be considered a divine treasure! Who knew how much energy and resources central continent’s forces had to spend for it, and now it was in Fang Yuan’s possession, raised to six edges.


 Taking advantage of everyone concentrating on the second round, Fang Yuan secretly took out the six-edge owner token.


 He stroked the six edges of the owner token and sighed, muttering inwardly: "Such a long time of planning and now it is finally time for the plan to begin in full. Flying bear strength Gu with my flying bear phantom Gu, isn’t that what it should be? Hehe, I also think so."


 With that and a thought in his mind, he instantly grasped control over this floor!



***
Chapter 595: Green vines blocking the round, Fang Yuan’s backstab


***





 Chapter 595: Green vines blocking the round, Fang Yuan’s backstab


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hei Lou Lan gazed ahead at the troops making slow progress in the dense jungle.


 The intense battle had already lasted for over six hours.


 This was the second round; the weather here was hot and damp, and the terrain was a vast ancient rainforest.


 To cross this round, Gu Masters needed to traverse through the whole jungle and reach a stone palace at the other side.


 However, this jungle could not be taken lightly.


 There might not be any beasts in the jungle but it was full of green vines.


 These green vines were coiled around tall trees and piled up on the damp ground. Every green vine had the thickness of a king-sized bowl and length of seventy to eighty feet in the minimum.


 The common green vines among these were called green snake vines which had snake scales growing all over their surface. And when Gu Masters neared them, the vines would suddenly move and coil around the Gu Masters, constricting them to death.


 In every one hundred paces of the rainforest, there were about a thousand green snake vines, filling the whole area.


 The difficulty in progressing forward was thus extremely high.


 The whole journey was filled with green snake vines attacking from all sides; some shot down from sky, some creeped through the ground and some ambushed from under the ground, causing the group to struggle and not be able to defend properly.


 The group’s progress was met with attacks from the green vines at all times, seemingly like they were among an ocean of green vines.


 The green vine had powerful attacks and quick speed. Even more dangerous were the wood path Gu worms that lived on their bodies. It was precisely because of these Gu worms that the group had suffered huge casualties.


 "Reporting, we have discovered a green snake vine king ahead. Currently, Lord Ye Lui Sang is already in a fight with it." After a while of moving forward, an investigative Gu Master returned from the front group to report to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded, still continuing with his slow movement.


 In every group of green snake vines, there was a green snake vine king which had the battle strength of a rank four Gu Master.


 However, Ye Lui Sang was a rank five peak stage expert, the current tribe leader of the super force Ye Lui tribe, and the fire path he cultivated subdued wood path Gu worms completely. There was also the fire path support type Immortal Gu on him, taking care of a green snake vine king was a cinch.


 Sure enough, after a while, the report of victory came from ahead: "Lord Ye Lui Sang has eliminated the green snake vine king and has now retreated from the front lines. Lord Chang Shan Yin has switched with him and is leading the wolf group to open the path."


 "Okay." Hei Lou Lan lightly replied.


 Wolves were good at offense and not at defense, and were not a good match for the vines. But Chang Shan Yin had defense specialized wolves like turtleback wolves. He also had vermillion fire wolves upon which lived fire path Gu worms. In this situation, they were a sharp weapon to cut open the path.


 ’Wolf King is truly powerful, he can even be said to have the number one battle strength. Especially when he also has the flying bear phantom Immortal Gu, a mere minor round cannot obstruct him.’ Hei Lou Lan pondered while walking.


 ’Flying bear phantom Gu and flying bear strength Gu, if the two are paired up, that would be perfect. Hmph, I will first make Chang Shan Yin pour in his utmost effort for me and when the time is ripe, I must make him hand over that flying bear phantom Gu! As long as I become a Gu Immortal, wouldn’t a mere Wolf King be mine to toy with?"


 ’This second round seemingly tests the Gu Master’s strength in doing prolonged battles, but more than that, it is actually testing investigative ability. In this jungle, there are not only the green snake vine groups, but also green dragon vine groups. Green dragon vines are dozens of times more terrifying than green snake vines, they are mutated beings among plants! The path we took avoided these green dragon vines as much as possible. There are only one or two territories of green dragon vines in this path, and presumably there will be one or two tough battles, and that will be the greatest difficulty of this round."


 Hei Lou Lan felt proud: ’We are getting closer to the finish line, at this speed, we will cross this round in an hour!"


 He had just thought of this when suddenly a change occurred.


 Swish swish....


 The green snake vines around the group suddenly penetrated the air with terrifying speed, even producing sonic booms!


 The offense of the vines had suddenly increased by dozens of times.


 The previous battles were the ones where the Gu Masters fought with the green snake vines nearby while the vines outside the range stayed still.


 But now, the green vines within a hundred li, no, a thousand li, were engaging in the battle, surging out crazily like a tsunami as they pounced towards the Gu Masters.


 The Gu Masters were caught unprepared, immediately suffering heavy losses. Countless Gu Masters were killed within a few moments of time.


 "How could this happen? The green snake vines are rioting all of a sudden!" The experts shouted in fright.


 "Someone, save me quickly!" Surrounding Gu Masters were wantonly constricted and twisted apart by the green vine group.


 "I command all troops to attack, hold them off no matter the consumption! If we can’t hold them back, it will be our death!!" Hei Lou Lan shouted and rose to the air, attempting to control the situation.


 Soon, a hundred or so green dragon vines rose to the sky, charging towards him.


 Hei Lou Lan gave a shout of fury and used his dark path abilities, killing twenty to thirty green dragon vines instantly before moving towards the ground.


 But the ground was also not safe, countless green snake vines and green dragon vines broke through the soil, trapping the entirety of the troops.


 "How can this be? The scouting had been done properly, how could we encounter a green dragon vine group here?" The corners of Hei Lou Lan’s eyes were threatening to tear as he could not make sense of this no matter what!


 Green vines were strongly territorial. But as long as one does not encroach upon their territory, they would remain still and not take the initiative to attack.


 These green vine groups, however, had completely gone crazy, pouncing upon the Gu Masters like they had killed their father.


 Green vines possessed strong vitality and even if they were cut into five to six parts, these five to six parts could still attack before dying. Hei Lou Lan even saw many green dragon vines struggling free from their root systems, and flying out to attack.


 ’This, how is this possible? What the hell is happening?!’ Hei Lou Lan could not make sense of it no matter how he thought. By cutting off their own roots, these green dragon vines were looking for their own death.


 All living things possessed survival instinct.


 How deep a hatred was it for them to erupt in such bitter suicidal attacks?


 The large army was broken apart, each fighting for themselves while slowly starting to retreat bit by bit; in a moment, many youths lost their lives.


 "Could it be this second round is actually a giant trap?! This is too strange, this is only the second round, how could its difficulty be so high?!" Hei Lou Lan was dumbstruck, a huge doubt rising in his heart.


 This was indeed a huge trap.


 But the one who laid this trap was not Eighty-Eight True Yang Building but the one in control of this floor - Fang Yuan.


 He had been patient, ordering the green vines everywhere in this round to stealthily move here. He then accepted the command to participate in the front line and switched with others from time to time, intentionally lowering the speed of progress to stall for time.


 When large numbers of green vines had gathered, Fang Yuan immediately ordered a surprise attack without any hesitation.


 The Gu Masters suffered disastrous losses because of the ambush!


 Fang Yuan was an enslavement path master; the green vines which had lower intelligence than beasts, coordinated together under his control, and disregarded their own lives to burst out with a hundred times their normal strength!


 Especially for the experts like Hei Lou Lan, Ye Lui Sang and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he had paid even more attention and mobilized green dragon vines which were comparable to mutated beasts, to obstruct them.


 "Retreat, retreat quickly."


 "There are green vines everywhere around us, if we continue on, the casualties will become even more severe!"


 "Lord Hei tribe leader, my tribe leader requests to retreat!"


 Several large tribes hurriedly sent their representatives.


 Anyone could see they had landed into an ambush by the green vine groups. How could the green vines become so sinister? Right now, no one had the time to tackle this issue.


 Hei Lou Lan fiercely gnashed his teeth, his face showed a struggling expression several times before he squeezed out a word: "Retreat!"


 He also knew the situation was already out of control, the green vines were charging without fearing death and had already led the formation to turn chaotic. And the experts were not able to fight properly for the fear of hurting their own men.


 If they suffered such serious casualties in the second round, then how could Hei Lou Lan have the power to seize the Immortal Gu in the last round?


 Retreat was naturally a wise move, but it would depend on whether Fang Yuan would allow it.


 He was in control of this floor, sealing the exit and entrance was only a small thing.


 Soon, everyone made a terrifying discovery - they could not leave!


 This discovery was huge blow on the morale.


 The whole army seemed to be about to crumble apart.


 At the crucial moment, Hei Lou Lan felt the situation going awry and stood up, his voice spreading everywhere: "All of you, persevere. I will use the killer move grey meltdown to forcibly cross this round. If we persevere, we will win, we will survive!!"


 The despairing Gu Masters heard these words and felt like they were drowning men who had found a life saving straw.


 The morale that had fallen to the bottom did not crumble in the end and instead stabilized.


 Everyone again started fighting, opening a path and forming a tight and connected formation.


 Under the heavy protection from all the troops, Hei Lou Lan led a group of refinement path Gu Masters to form a round formation and began to use the killer move grey meltdown.


 "Lord, if we forcibly activate it, we will probably lose thirty percent of our men." An old refinement path Gu Master who was familiar with the inside information advised Hei Lou Lan with a pale face.


 The killer move grey meltdown naturally had its limitations.


 This killer move relied on the coordination of the inside and outside; this required the reward of the round to be Gu worms deliberately provided by either Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals or Xue Song Zi.


 But Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would not coordinate, it only chose the suitable Gu worms from those absorbed and refined them to form the rounds.


 The first round’s reward were Gu worms that came from Hei Bai. Thus, Hei Lou Lan could use the killer move grey meltdown to exploit Giant Sun’s will still not having fully refined the Gu worms, to forcibly refine them. Like this, he would get the reward and pass the round.


 But the second round’s Gu worm reward was wild Gu. Hei Lou Lan was unable to connect with these wild Gu and the killer move grey meltdown could not be used.


 The second round could only in accordance with this be completed by going through its requirement.


 But the current situation was critical, Hei Lou Lan was left without a better option but to forcibly activate killer move grey meltdown to skip through the second round and connect to the Gu worm reward of the third round.


 The third round’s Gu worm reward came from Xue Song Zi. The Gu worm was only half-refined, thus still contained most of Xue Song Zi’s will.


 As Hei Lou Lan was working together with Xue Song Zi, Xue Song Zi’s will approved him. He could thus use grey meltdown to connect to the third round’s reward and refine it.


 As such, the third round would be passed. And when the third round is crossed, the second round would have no foundation, collapsing apart. Because when Eighty-Eight True Yang Building condensed each floor, it would first form the hundredth round, then ninety-ninth round, ninety-eighth round....


 However, if Hei Lou Lan did so, the killer move grey meltdown’s power would increase by several times, far surpassing the amount these refinement path Gu Masters could bear.


 Whether it was success or failure, a portion of the refinement path Gu Masters would not be able to bear it and die.


 "Tens of refinement path Gu Masters dying is better than the whole army dying!" Hei Lou Lan gritted his teeth, his eyes filled with chilly and cruel light. The situation had forced him to choose the lesser of the two evils.


 The old Gu Master did not say any more and retreated back to the formation.



***
Chapter 596: Preparations from long ago, Mo Yao’s shock and suspicion


***





 Chapter 596: Preparations from long ago, Mo Yao’s shock and suspicion


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The refinement path Gu Masters had solemn expressions while quickly moving into formation. Grey rays of light gradually blossomed and merged into one.


 Under everyone’s expectant gaze, Hei Lou Lan waved his hand and threw the two-edge owner token into the air.


 The owner token floated in midair, and the giant grey radiance which had been condensed in the round formation shot towards the owner token.


 The grey radiance was so dazzling that one could not look at it directly.


 "Haha, this is the moment." Fang Yuan had been observing this from the outside, and sent a thought at this time.


 The two-edge owner token immediately disappeared, landing in his hand the next moment.


 He was in control of this floor, teleporting a small owner token was as simple as breathing.


 Without the owner token, the grey radiance immediately collapsed and the killer move grey meltdown forcibly ended; the refinement path Gu Masters in the round formation gave a frightened howl, puffing out blood, with almost all of them dying from the backlash in that instant.


 Spurt.


 Hei Lou Lan, who was in the center of the formation was no exception to this, spurting out a mouthful of blood and retreating back several large steps like he had received a heavy impact.


 "My owner token!" He lost his self control and howled with an extremely shocked, angered and doubtful expression.


 Everyone was also stupefied by this change.


 Sun Shi Han was baffled, Tang Miao Ming covered her mouth and Pei Yan Fei was also despondent.


 Even Mo Yao’s will was raving in Fang Yuan’s mind: "Brat, what did you do? His owner token has no more than two edges now. Adding in your six edges, it is only eight edges! What are you in such a hurry for? Wouldn’t it be good if you had waited for his owner token to rise to four edges?!"


 "You don’t know shit." Fang Yuan sneered and under the cover of his large sleeve, calmly put away the two-edge owner token.


 The whole process happened under the bystanders’ gazes, but it was completed in total secret without incurring any suspicion.


 "This, what the hell happened!" Ye Lui Sang rushed towards Hei Lou Lan with a fretful expression and asked, "Where is the owner token?"


 "I... how would I know!!" Hei Lou Lan’s eyes seemed to shoot out flames of anger, his voice raised an octave higher as he burst out with foul language, "What the f*ck happened?!"


 In the past records of history, there had never been a situation where the owner token suddenly disappeared!


 Grey meltdown had been used so many times by all the large forces and the winners in the past, how could it suddenly fade away in Hei Lou Lan’s hand?


 "Damn it, how do we go on without the owner token?" Fang Yuan also hurried over at this moment, his brows were furrowed into a knot and he had a genuine and heavily anxious expression, making others sympathize with him.


 The killer move which everyone had placed high hopes on failed at the crucial moment. The two-edge owner token was also inexplicably lost.


 The green vines’ offensive was becoming more fierce like a flash flood, not giving anyone the time for a breather.


 Morale had fallen to the abyss and many started fleeing in disorder.


 "It’s over, we are done for." Xi Xue mumbled.


 "Will I die in this place? Is this the final ending?" Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed bitterly. In this recent period, he was being tormented by his conscience and his body looked extremely weak and thin.


 However, the next moment, someone shouted in joy: "We can leave, someone left! We can leave!!"


 Fang Yuan did not want to get rid of all these people in one go and left a lifeline, allowing the Gu Masters to freely enter and exit this floor.


 If Hei tribe was completely annihilated, he would definitely attract the all-out revenge of Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals.


 Moreover, Fang Yuan still required Tai Bai Yun Sheng to refine landscape as before Gu.


 Therefore the collapsed and despairing army started retreating.


 "I am actually alive!"


 "This time was too terrifying, I don’t want to enter there again."


 "Boo hoo hoo....father, you died so miserably."


 The plaza around the True Yang Building became a scene of gloomy misery.


 Hei Lou Lan had convened a large army and entered the tower with grand and vigorous momentum, but such a change while leaving the tower was beyond the expectations of almost everyone.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression was ashen as he glanced at the plaza before leaving without any words.


 Hei tribesmen followed behind him, silent and heads lowered.


 Ye Lui Sang heaved a long sigh and shook his head, leaving the plaza.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a complex expression as he looked at Hei Lou Lan’s receding figure: "After this expedition, it will probably be difficult to form a presentable party within a short period of time."


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was wrong.


 The very next day, Hei Lou Lan again formed a large army and attacked the second round.


 So what if he lost the owner token?


 Even if he could not use grey meltdown, he could use brute force to pass the round!


 Hei Lou Lan had deceived two great Gu Immortals in his pledge to take revenge; he could no longer turn back.


 He must force himself to continue on!


 However, during the night of the defeat, Fang Yuan had quietly entered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 "You are too impatient, you now only have eight edges. What can you do now!" Mo Yao sneered in his mind.


 Fang Yuan walked slowly along the secret treasury corridor while gently touching the crystal wall, looking on as treasure after treasure swept past his gaze.


 He had a slight smile on his face, replying calmly to Mo Yao’s will: "You are an impressive refinement path grandmaster, a fairy of Spirit Affinity House, just speak clearly if you want to ask, why probe so superficially?"


 Mo Yao heard this and immediately changed her expression, smiling coquettishly: "Young man, looks like you already have a plan..."


 "That goes without saying." Fang Yuan’s steps paused and he lightly stroked the right crystal wall, taking out a treasure stored within.


 Ever since he had refined the guest halt stele, he could take out any treasures around this distance.


 Fang Yuan walked a few steps further and took out three Gu worms on top of that.


 He then moved to the left crystal wall and took out the objects within.


 As this went on, Fang Yuan had taken out tens of Gu recipes, over a hundred Gu worms, all kinds of information on inheritances and over twenty documents on cultivation insights.


 Fang Yuan kept around eighty of the Gu worms outside while sending the rest into storage Gu worms.


 Mo Yao had observed the whole process quietly, getting more curious as time went on. These Gu worms that Fang Yuan left out here did not match together, she really could not tell what he was doing.


 The video of central continent’s Gu Immortals attacking Imperial Court blessed land in his previous life appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 There were altogether eleven Gu Immortals who attacked Imperial Court blessed land, men and women, each with extraordinary presence.


 A female immortal was the leader, a domineering aura lingered around her which pressured people; other Gu Immortals were cautious and respectful towards her.


 She was known as Fairy Black Moon. A half-mask covered her nose, mouth and cheeks, only revealing the upper half of her face which showed her strong contours, sharp and long brows, bright eyes and a heroic aura. A dark gold armor covered her whole body, bringing a heavy feeling of suppression on any that looked at it.


 Fang Yuan’s current actions were replicating Fairy Black Moon’s actions to the smallest details.


 The treasures he took out were actually of great background. Countless years back, central continent’s Gu Immortals sent outstanding Gu Masters to infiltrate into northern plains; the Gu Masters would pass some rounds with high grade evaluation, entering the treasure room and arranging these treasures here.


 The whole process consumed close to a millenium.


 Fang Yuan walked past the guest halt stele, and walked over three hundred steps into the long crystal corridor before stopping.


 "It is here." He looked around him and after confirming it, began to put the Gu worms he had taken earlier into the crystal wall. Whether it was left or right, top or under his feet, they were placed in a certain pattern.


 As for the original treasures within the crystal wall, Fang Yuan took some, left some and shifted the position of some.


 "This, could it be...." Mo Yao was bewildered; she had been watching carefully and had gradually inferred some clues with her refinement path grandmaster attainment.


 In the range of tens of steps, after Fang Yuan’s adjustments, the Gu worms in the crystal wall had ingeniously formed a formation.


 "Right, this is precisely the refinement path killer move grey meltdown. No, to be even more exact, this killer move originates from grey meltdown but its effects are much stronger!" Fang Yuan chuckled.


 "What in the world are you trying to do?" Mo Yao asked.


 Fang Yuan’s gazed eerily, a confident smile appearing on his face: "Just watch."


 He then sent out several Gu worms which floated in the air.


 The Gu worms in the surrounding walls started to shake slightly one by one.


 Dust seemed to rise up in the air.


 The dust gradually became denser till it formed a thick grey fog.


 The grey fog kept on accumulating and soon entirely submerged Fang Yuan; he could not even see his own hands.


 Fang Yuan stood within the grey fog with his eyes closed and his right hand clutching the six-edge owner token, as he tried to carefully sense something.


 Suddenly, he opened his eyes and shouted: "Come back, Fixed Immortal Travel!"


 Rumble!


 The crystal corridor shook strongly and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had a sudden tremor.


 The twenty-first floor where seventeen rounds still remained, disintegrated into nothingness.


 The rewards for the seventeen rounds penetrated through space and appeared before Fang Yuan.


 Among them, one Gu worm was dispelling a rank six aura, shining with a green gem-like luster, and flying elegantly like a green jade butterfly.


 Its powerful presence pushed the rest of the Gu worms to the side.


 What else could it be but Fixed Immortal Travel?


 "Immortal Gu! This is Fixed Immortal Travel?!" Mo Yao blurted out.


 Fang Yuan stored the other rewards into storage Gu worms while the Immortal Gu Fixed Immortal Travel was left outside, sitting on his shoulder.


 Immortal Gu Fixed Immortal Travel was a rank six Gu and at its peak state, his mortal aperture could not store it.


 Fang Yuan had not stored flying bear phantom Gu either, instead directly holding it in his pocket.


 "There is one more." Fang Yuan licked his lips in excitement.


 Another explosive sound rang out.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building shook greatly, the twelve remaining rounds of the thirty-fourth floor were immediately passed!


 The rewards appeared in front of Fang Yuan out of thin air and one Gu among them, an Immortal Gu that looked like nothing special, just like a lump of earth, it was —


 "Immortal Gu Gruel Mud!" Mo Yao’s will blurted out the name.


 Fang Yuan laughed and stored the other rewards while putting the Gruel Mud into his pouch.


 Back then, he had buried Fixed Immortal Travel and Gruel Mud deep under the ground, waiting for this precise moment.


 When Eighty-Eight True Yang Building condensed, it plundered the whole of Northern Plains. This was the arrangement of an Immortal Venerable, his might extended up into the heavens and down into the abyss, nothing could stop his overwhelming force.


 Immortal Gu Wooden Chicken had escaped the pursuit of Xue Song Zi and Hei Bai, but was still captured by Eighty-Eight True Yang Building in the end.


 The wild Immortal Gu ended up like that while Fang Yuan’s meticulously buried Immortal Gu did not even have the will to resist, and were naturally collected by Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 After the capture, they were placed separately as the last rewards for the twenty-first and thirty-fourth floor. But due to Giant Sun’s will being in hibernation, the two Immortal Gu had all along been in a half-refined state, just as Fang Yuan had planned for.


 "Brat, who in the world are you? Hmph, this is not a small arrangement. You were actually able to mobilize two Immortal Gu. Tell me, which region are you from, which force sent you here?" Mo Yao was unable to hold back after she saw this, and began to ask questions after questions.



***
Chapter 597: True Inheritance Secluded Domain, Unexpected Event


***





 Chapter 597: True Inheritance Secluded Domain, Unexpected Event


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The appearance of two great Immortal Gu was way out of her expectations, Mo Yao was very surprised.


 What was even more scary was, Fang Yuan had made ample preparations!


 The Gu worms he used were originally treasures kept inside the crystal walls. His killer move was even more perfect than grey meltdown, and had stronger effect.


 To get to this point, it was not something a single person could achieve, in fact, this could not be achieved with merely decades of set up. Huge amounts of strength and effort needed to be invested, at least hundreds of years of infiltration in order to hide all the Gu worms inside the crystal walls, and to prevent the Gu worms from being taken away by people, they needed to prepare several of each Gu.


 All in all, this was not something a person or an ordinary force could accomplish, it had to be a super force with Gu Immortals at least!


 Against Mo Yao’s suspicion, Fang Yuan smiled lightly and did not speak.


 All these were the set up of central continent’s Gu Immortals. But Mo Yao had died long ago, her will was slumbering within Water Pavilion and was unaware of the changes in the outside world.


 Fang Yuan was someone who had been reborn, he had a huge advantage, using the Gu Immortals’ set up, he could accomplish all of this successfully!


 To speak the truth, he should thank those central continent Gu Immortals who went around to distribute the footage.


 Without the guidance of this clip, Fang Yuan would not be so sure of the inside information of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 His method was inherently the same as Hei Lou Lan’s, but Fang Yuan was sensing his own Immortal Gu, while Hei Lou Lan was sensing other people’s mortal Gu.


 Refining an Immortal Gu was at least a hundred times as difficult as refining a mortal Gu, thus, Fang Yuan was not in such a rush for time unlike Hei Lou Lan. The two Immortal Gu were constantly in a state of half-refinement.


 Most importantly, the refinement path killer move that Fang Yuan activated was the revised version of grey meltdown that central continent’s Gu Immortals had painstakingly researched in, it had an amazing effect, freeing the Gu Master and saving them the trouble of facing backlash as Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would be the one enduring the pressure.


 At the same time, he had to thank all of the Gu Masters who charged through the rounds enthusiastically. If the rounds were intact, Fang Yuan would need to traverse a hundred rounds to communicate with the Immortal Gu, it would be filled with difficulty.


 But there were only seventeen rounds left on the twenty-first floor, and the thirty-fourth floor had even fewer rounds, at twelve.


 After Fang Yuan successfully took the two Immortal Gu, these two floors were passed automatically.


 He took out the two owner tokens, the glass owner token was still at six-edges, after all it was a cheat item and was not authentic.


 Meanwhile, the owner token snatched from Hei Lou Lan had turned from two-edges to four-edges.


 Combining the two, they were — ten-edges!


 Ten-edges, that meant that Fang Yuan had met the minimum requirements to receive an Immortal Venerable Inheritance.


 "Immortal Venerable Inheritance..." Fang Yuan chuckled, according to what was shown in the footage, he combined the two owner tokens and created the ten-edge owner token.


 Swoosh.


 The next moment, he vanished on the spot.


 The scenery before him changed drastically, when Fang Yuan finally reacted, he found himself in an area of void.


 The surroundings were pure darkness, there was neither heaven or earth, Fang Yuan was floating silently in the air.


 Several traces of green or red starlight shone from far away.


 "This is Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s true inheritance secluded domain, to think that after so many years, I can come here again!" Mo Yao’s will was surprisingly dejected and downcast, as she muttered to herself.


 "Eh? You’ve been here before?" Fang Yuan’s heart jumped.


 "Back then... hmph, I’m not going to talk about it. It is your greatest fortune to be able to come here! Although with ten-edges, you can only receive the lowest grade ordinary true inheritance. But this will not hinder you from gaining some knowledge and experience. What you are going to see will surely broaden your vision, you will never forget it!" In just a moment, Mo Yao’s will went back to normal.


 Fang Yuan laughed, Mo Yao’s arrogant tone did not make him angry, in fact he nodded in agreement: "Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, I cannot compare to him yet! Today, this will indeed hugely broaden my vision."


 Saying this, he waved his hands like he was swimming in water, moving his body forward slowly.


 In the video from central continent in his previous life, there were many details omitted during this period.


 Central continent’s Gu Immortals invested more heavily than Fang Yuan, they used more than ten Immortal Gu to raise the owner token to forty-three edges.


 They gained a lot, but all of the gains were concealed, such an act was no doubt a defensive measure to prevent attracting the greed of the viewers. This, however, increased Fang Yuan’s interest and anticipation towards Giant Sun’s true inheritances.


 He followed after a blood red starlight, getting closer to it.


 As he got closer, the starlight became brighter, and eventually, Fang Yuan stopped before a round circular light.


 This lump of red starlight was the size of a bowl, silently floating around.


 "This is an ordinary true inheritance, if you want to understand the contents, you just need to let your consciousness enter it." Mo Yao advised at the appropriate timing.


 Fang Yuan was carefully navigating with his mind, as images flashed before him.


 A grand and huge ancient forest!


 Ancient and tall trees, beasts at the size of mountains!


 "Hahaha!" A person with a broad shoulder and thin waist was laughing with his head facing up.


 His image was blurred, but his skin was covered in rainbow colors, as ancient totems of every description were carved on it, his dominating presence pervaded heaven and earth!


 He stepped on the grey clouds and treaded strong winds, his purple hair was fluttering as there were seemingly flames burning within his double pupil eyes.


 Fang Yuan saw this and his heart was pounding, he could feel difficulty breathing. He recognised this person immediately: "This is one of the three Demon Venerables of the olden antiquity era, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable! He is facing the immemorial desolate beast — Primordial Ash Owl! Strange, why is there a Demon Venerable’s item within Giant Sun’s inheritances?"


 "What’s so strange about this? Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was the venerable of an era, the supreme ruler of heaven and earth, the invincible being in the universe. He searched the entire world and obtained an item of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, placing it inside his building for his descendants, this is very normal." Mo Yao said.


 Immemorial desolate beast, overlords that had existed within heaven and earth since the immemorial era, they had rank eight Gu Immortal battle strength.


 This primordial ash owl had a bird head and beast body, it had two pairs of golden pupils and a dragon’s horn on its head. Its muscular body was covered in thick rainbow feathers, its bestial aura could overwhelm the world.


 Its limbs moved quickly, and could easily destroy mountains and rivers. With one growl, its voice could travel ten thousand li, causing ripples in the air of the entire world.


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable praised: "Good beast!"


 The primordial ash owl had intelligence that could rival men, it got angry upon hearing that, shooting out thunder like that of the heavens from its mouth, the blue thunderbolt shot out and pierced ten thousand li into the sky, instantly arriving before Reckless Savage Demon Venerable.


 Fang Yuan’s expression changed, the magnitude of the lightning and thunder was beyond his imagination! Right now he was like an ant, but even if it was his Gu Immortal self from his past life, he could not survive for three breaths’ time from this!


 But Reckless Savage Demon Venerable did not move at all, he allowed the frenzied thunderbolt to hit his body directly.


 From within the electricity, his bronze colored body was intact, shining brightly. His muscles were like stone blocks, and all the totems on his body were like living beings, as all sorts of fierce beasts were roaming on his body.


 From within the exploding lightning plasma, Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s face showed an expression of enjoyment. He laughed heartily as he punched with his right fist.


 Bam — !


 Immediately, heaven and earth changed colors, as winds and clouds moved violently.


 The lightning vanished slowly, mountains were trembling, and forests were weeping.


 With just one punch, the intense winds blew like an apocalypse, the clouds in the sky vanished, the heavens were stripped bare, and permeating sunlight dispelled all darkness!


 Just one punch.


 With the intensity of the force that repelled ghosts and deities, the primordial ash owl was crying out pitifully!


 It was an immemorial desolate beast, an overlord of a region, it was untamable and wild earlier, giving off a strong aura, but the next moment, its bones were crushed to bits as its rainbow feathers floated in the air, its golden pupils were full of fear and it laid on the ground, like a dead dog.


 Fang Yuan was completely moved, this was the first time he had seen the attack of a venerable.


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, with the prowess of rank nine, he was truly invincible in all heaven and earth!


 "Nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-ninth ash owl." Reckless Savage Demon Venerable said plainly, opening his palm and grabbing the air.


 The next moment, the primordial ash owl was held by a formless strength. It was like a chicken that was grabbed by a butcher, it was helpless and was shrieking for help.


 "Transform." Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s body shuddered, he expanded along with the wind, becoming a giant in an instant!


 What a true giant.


 He was as tall as heaven and earth, as if he could grab the sun if he wished. No tribulations could move him, as he could barely be held by the universe itself!


 The giant slowly opened his mouth, as the primordial ash owl struggled intensely, and yet to no avail as it was sent into the giant’s mouth.


 The giant swallowed in one mouthful, chewing several times with a sound as if a mountain collapsed, lightning striking everywhere, it was loud as thunder.


 With a gulp, the giant sent the primordial ash owl into its stomach.


 He actually ate an immemorial desolate beast, a rank eight level existence, just like that.


 The prowess of Reckless Savage, it was truly terrifying!


 After eating this rank eight desolate beast, the giant patted his stomach, the sound was loud as thunder but his expression was like he did not have enough.


 And on his belly, there was a new totem, in the form of the primordial ash owl, but among the innumerable totems on his body, it was not eye catching.


 The giant seemed to have sensed something as he suddenly turned around and looked straight at Fang Yuan!


 Urgh!


 Fang Yuan fell on the ground like he had suffered a huge blow, vomiting out a mouthful of blood in the process.


 His soul was trembling intensely, a strong sense of dizziness assaulted him, only recovering after a long time.


 Gasp, gasp, gasp...


 He breathed roughly, barely opening his eyes.


 His eyes could not take it either, as two streams of bloody tears flowed out, flowing from his face towards the ground.


 But thankfully, this place did not restrict Gu worms, such an injury could be easily healed with Gu worms.


 "This is the test of the inheritance?" Fang Yuan healed himself as he asked.


 "Hehehe, what sort of test is this?" In his mind, Mo Yao was gloating, replying in an arrogant tone: "This inheritance has a trace of Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s will within it, only Gu Immortals could withstand it. But after getting this inheritance, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already modified it such that mortals could endure it. You owe it to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s mercy that you are still alive."


 Fang Yuan snorted coldly: "His mercy is only towards his bloodline descendants, what does that have to do with me? Anyway, Giant Sun true inheritances are not so easy to obtain, there is great danger inside."


 "That is of course the case. But you have already survived this test, and remember that this true inheritance is only an ordinary true inheritance. With the ten-edge owner token, you already have the authority to inherit it." Mo Yao said.


 As expected, when Fang Yuan’s mind entered, the red light lump opened its ’doors’, as Reckless Savage Demon Venerable’s figure did not appear again.


 "Primordial ash owl transformation..." Fang Yuan realized now that this was a transformation path killer move. This killer move could allow a Gu Immortal to transform into the primordial ash owl, gaining a huge boost in strength.


 Reckless Savage Demon Venerable was the progenitor of strength path, but he was also the creator of transformation path.


 His strength could shake heaven and earth, he was the fiercest venerable out of the ten. At the same time, he could transform into countless fierce beasts, having an endless number of transformations, and he could even revive from a drop of blood.


 Fang Yuan did not hesitate, he let go of the red light lump and allowed it to fly away from him.


 Although the true inheritance was precious, it did not suit him currently.


 Fang Yuan was very calm, and held even more expectations.


 To think that within Giant Sun’s true inheritances, there would be something involving Reckless Savage Demon Venerable, and this particular inheritance was only the lowest grade ordinary true inheritance.


 He could not imagine what other ordinary true inheritances there could be. As for the even greater unparalleled true inheritance, what would they be?


 He moved his arms, and swam towards another area within this silent and dark void.



***
Chapter 598


***





 Chapter 598: Three Olds, Three True Inheritances, Using Will Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan worked hard to swim towards a jade light.


 This lump of jade light was harder to get closer to compared to the red light from before.


 It was flying slowly, continuously twisting and turning, as Fang Yuan chased after it for a while before managing to grab it.


 It was also as large as a bowl, and Fang Yuan’s consciousness carefully entered it.


 An unspeakable force of vibration spread from the jade green light into Fang Yuan’s body.


 “Be careful, this is Old Immortal Kong Jue’s item!” In his mind, Mo Yao’s will recognised this item and warned.


 “Don’t worry, it cannot escape!” Fang Yuan’s tone was certain, he grabbed onto this light lump tightly.


 “Idiot, I am not referring to that. Quickly let go.” Mo Yao said this, but it was already too late.


 The mystical vibration spread from within the jade light, all the way into Fang Yuan’s aperture.


 Fang Yuan’s aperture started vibrating.


 In his ninety percent filled aperture sea, waves were crashing violently.


 Swish swish swish...


 The huge waves crashed on the surrounding aperture walls, the rank five peak stage crystal clear walls were starting to develop cracks from the pressure of the waves.


 Fang Yuan was shocked!


 This true inheritance’s test was very peculiar, it was hard to defend against, it actually directly affected the Gu Master’s aperture.


 “Lad, quickly cut off your arms using Gu worms. Only by making a sacrifice can you save your life!” Mo Yao’s will shouted in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “Cut off my arms?” Fang Yuan’s expression sank, sweat was forming on his forehead.


 He tried letting go of it but this lump of jade light gave off an extremely strong suction force, keeping Fang Yuan’s hands tightly attached to it.


 Fang Yuan could not get free from it, and the vibrations in his aperture were getting stronger.


 “I got it!” In the moment of crisis, Fang Yuan had an inspiration as he quickly moved the primeval essence in his second aperture into his first aperture.


 The vibration moved into the second aperture through the primeval essence.


 The second aperture also started vibrating uncontrollably, but this way, the two apertures were enduring this together, and the first aperture’s crisis was soothed to a great extent.


 Mo Yao gasped.


 As the jade light became dim and the vibrations vanished, it seemed that Fang Yuan had passed the test.


 “What is going on, you have two apertures?” Mo Yao said.


 With two apertures enduring the test together, although the aperture walls were cracked, they did not break.


 “Lad, you hid this very deeply, you actually have two apertures! Second aperture... to think that the rumors that had been going around have been confirmed by you.” Mo Yao said with deep emotions.


 Fang Yuan was not willing to talk about this, he asked instead: “You mentioned Old Immortal Kong Jue earlier, is it that refinement path supreme grandmaster from the olden antiquity era?”


 “That’s right, it’s him. Refinement path supreme grandmaster... even throughout human history, since ancient times, there had only been three. Future generations called them the ‘Three Olds’. They were the remote antiquity era’s Old Eccentric Tian Nan, olden antiquity era’s Old Immortal Kong Jue, and medieval antiquity era’s refinement path supreme grandmaster Long Hair Ancestor.”


 Mo Yao continued recounting: “Among them, Old Eccentric Tian Nan had a weird personality, he tried to refine the sky and ended up losing his life. Old Immortal Kong Jue had the deepest research in apertures, he created the <>, and helped the ten extreme physiques to become immortals. Before him, there had never been any cases where a person of the ten extreme physiques rose to become an immortal. As for Long Hair Ancestor, he had the longest lifespan and refined the most Immortal Gu. Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was refined by him. In fact, there were rumors that he could refine lifespan Gu, causing Old Ancestor Giant Sun to attack Lang Ya blessed land, although there were no results from that.”


 Mo Yao talked about many famous pieces of information.


 Three old beings, three supreme refinement grandmasters, each of them was a legend.


 They were the three peaks of refinement path in human history, even rank nine venerables could not mask their glory and reputation.


 “Old Immortal Kong Jue’s inheritance tests the fated person’s aperture. You actually had two apertures, you managed to get through luckily. Look, this inheritance is very good, it will be a huge help to you.” Mo Yao continued.


 Fang Yuan’s consciousness went in again.


 This inheritance was known as the ‘immortal ascension vital information’, it recorded Old Immortal Kong Jue’s understanding of the immortal ascension process of all the different paths of Gu Masters, all the difficulties they might face and how to deal with those difficulties, it listed the most crucial points for rising to immortal.


 Fang Yuan assessed in his heart: “Although this is not a Gu recipe or an Immortal Gu, it has a huge value in terms of theoretical guidance. If Gu Masters get it, it will not only help themselves but even allow them to understand other paths, it is truly an important treasure.”


 “This immortal ascension vital information dates back to long ago, it might not be useful for the currently trending paths. After all, these years of development have caused the rise of many new paths, it is no longer as dull and simple as back in the olden antiquity era. What I want to remind you is, the essence of this inheritance is not the immortal ascension vital information itself, but Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s notes when he read through it. His assessment is like the summary of the most important points, it gets right to the point and is truly worth more than a thousand gold.” Mo Yao gave another shocking revelation.


 Old Immortal Kong Jue was a refinement path supreme grandmaster on par with Long Hair Ancestor.


 His research, along with the Immortal Venerable’s notes, truly has immense value.


 When a Gu Master reads it, it will greatly increase the chances of them successfully rising to immortal. In addition, using the perspective of an Immortal Venerable, they can develop in the right direction, their Gu Immortal journey would be guided and they could avoid many pitfalls along the way.


 This inheritance had really shocking attraction. Especially for geniuses like Fang Yuan who desired to take one more step and was not satisfied with being a mortal.


 But Fang Yuan did not choose it.


 He had his previous life’s experiences, he could repeat his run on the blood path.


 He had other motives for coming into the true inheritance space.


 Thus, Fang Yuan let go and allowed the jade lump to fly away from him, at a speed faster than the red light as it went into an unknown zone.


 “You are really giving it up? When you think about this in the future, don’t regret it.” In his mind, Mo Yao sighed.


 “Regret? Hehe, there is no such word in my life.” Fang Yuan laughed lightly, continuing his search.


 He swam in the darkness for a while, discovering the third light lump.


 This light lump was shining with a grey light, its speed was even faster than the first two light lumps, it was like a shooting star. As it flew in the space, there was a frost colored tail trailing behind it.


 Fang Yuan tried to get close to it, but Mo Yao said: “Actually, you don’t have to take such a risk every time, since you have already collected many wisdom path Gu worms, why don’t you display their true value?”


 “Oh? What do you mean?” Fang Yuan’s speed did not get any slower.


 “Lad, thank me well, the move I’m going to teach you will allow you to avoid the test of the true inheritance and search for the content of the true inheritance directly.”


 Mo Yao’s method was not very complex.


 After Fang Yuan found the true inheritance light lump, the first step was for his consciousness to enter the lump, and that would trigger the test of the inheritance.


 Mo Yao’s advice was, to use wisdom path Gu worms to create wills. By injecting this will into the true inheritance, he would wait for a while before recalling it.


 This way, he would be able to avoid intimate contact with the true inheritance, it was a opportunist method.


 “Wisdom path has thought, will, and emotion. The so called mind is made up of heart sense and divine sense. When your mind enters, your thoughts are exploring and interacting. Thoughts are like water droplets, they are the easiest to create, and also the most fragile. Because the numbers are huge, the droplets will merged into a river and enter to do the investigation. During this process, the Gu Master’s mind has to continue creating them without any pauses. As for will, they are superior to thoughts, like an ice cube. They have greater defense but are harder to create. They can however, move independently, and recalled when needed.” Mo Yao explained.


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 “Lad, at this point in time, why are you hesitating? Hehehe, I know you have been collecting information on wisdom path, and also purchasing those wisdom path Gu worms. Your special will Gu, deliberate will Gu, play will Gu, keep will Gu, and new will Gu are all useless now, when will you use them?” Mo Yao laughed alluringly.


 Pausing for a while, she continued urging: “Right now, you must already be clear: My will is residing in your mind, it is already deeply connected to you. When you use these Gu to create wills, they would be pure and flawless, I cannot infiltrate them. Haven’t you been wary of me? This method has a huge advantage, you can use it to avoid those true inheritance tests and check the secrets of the unparalleled inheritances. Unparalleled inheritance, they have much greater value than ordinary inheritances.”


 “What are you...” Fang Yuan’s gaze was hesitant.


 All along, he had never been so outspoken about his situation with Mo Yao. To think that Mo Yao would talk about it openly like this now.


 What was her true intention? Was it really like what she said, she only wanted to return the rank seven Immortal Gu house Water Pavilion back to Spirit Affinity House?


 Mo Yao’s honest expression created ripples in Fang Yuan’s heart.


 Maybe he was too vigilant, and was too wary of Mo Yao? But wills were not like thoughts, thoughts were simple and were not good at deception. A land spirit formed from obsessions only spoke the truth.


 But wills were different. They were the product of many thoughts fusing together, they were much more complex than thoughts. Thus, they could lie to others.


 Fang Yuan shook his head, sending these chaotic pieces of information out of his mind, now was not the time to think about this.


 Honestly speaking, Mo Yao’s words were truly useful in Fang Yuan’s viewpoint, he was successfully convinced to attempt it.


 Fang Yuan took out the wisdom path Gu worms that he had bought.


 He had the land spirit little Hu Immortal and could connect to treasure yellow heaven at any time. Standing on the foundation of a Gu Immortal, it was extremely easy for him to purchase mortal Gu.


 Right now, the eight wisdom path Gu worms in his hands could produce wills, but they were all different.


 Special will Gu could produce special wills, it could only be activated under special circumstances.


 Deliberate will Gu could create deliberate wills, when such a will is produced, it would be like carvings on a steel board, extremely difficult to get rid of compared to other wills.


 Play will Gu, creates playful wills. It is the will that is most capable of creating ’emotions’.


 There are also keep will Gu, new will Gu, battle intent Gu and others...


 What was worth mentioning was that these wisdom path Gu worms could produce different types of wills that were effective against other wills.


 For example, special will Gu can produce special wills, but can also devour special wills. Deliberate will Gu can create deliberate wills, they were hard to get rid of but if one uses the right methods and finds the deliberate will Gu, it can be easily removed.


 Why did Fang Yuan buy these Gu worms?


 It was because of this.


 He wanted to deal with Mo Yao’s mysterious will. But he had already bought so many of these Gu, and discovered that none could deal with Mo Yao’s will.


 With the current situation, choosing which will Gu to use was not important.


 He casually chose the special will Gu, injecting primeval essence as a will was formed.


 The appearance of the will was similar to Fang Yuan, he looked like a youth with dark eerie eyes, but different from the main body, his face was more manly and had a more decisive expression.


 “Wills can only reside within the soul, if you want to send this will out, you will need a small soul worm.” Mo Yao reminded.


 Small soul Gu was a rank one Gu in soul path, it was very common but was the foundation of soul path. Many higher rank soul path Gu worms were refined step by step with it as the foundation.


 Mo Yao’s reminder was redundant.


 Before she finished speaking, Fang Yuan summoned a Gu worm.


 It had no solid body, it was palm sized and looked like a butterfly, flickering like light and shadow. If someone grabbed it, they would not be able to catch its hollow body.


 It was the rank two big soul worm.


 Fang Yuan patted it lightly, sending his special will into the big soul worm’s body. Next, he used the big soul worm and made it fly to the closest lump of green white true inheritance light lump.


 The big soul worm’s speed was much faster than him moving alone.


 In just a short moment, it entered the true inheritance light lump and a while later, the big soul worm with a tattered body flew back while wavering.


 Fang Yuan retrieved his will and looked.


 This third true inheritance was also an ordinary true inheritance, but to some Gu Masters, or even Gu Immortals, it had much greater value than the first two true inheritances!


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral More valuable than tips for ascending to rank 6 hmm...



***
Chapter 599 - Longevity, Hard, Hard, Hard


***





 599 Longevity, Hard, Hard, Hard


 Translator:ChibiGeneral | Editor: ChibiGeneral The third true inheritance had huge value, because it talked about the method of extending lifespan.


 The saying goes: Better to live a bad life than have a good death.


 Unless there were special reasons, there was nobody who wanted to stop living or not live longer.


 Gu Masters, although they could cultivate, and reaching rank six would improve the essence of their life, they could not gain lifespan directly.


 Ever since the way of Gu had developed, countless talents had tried all sorts of methods to create a method to extend their own lifespan.


 Like First Gen Gu Yue on Qing Mao mountain who chose to become a zombie. Or the demonic path Gu Master in southern border Century Boy, using the return to childhood Gu on himself to maintain a child’s appearance and reduce the speed of the loss of his lifeforce.


 These were only mortal methods, Gu Immortals had even more mystical methods.


 This third inheritance was a lifespan increasing method targeted at Gu Immortals. The person who created it was none other than Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 A lifespan increasing method created by an Immortal Venerable! One could imagine the value of this true inheritance!


 According to the content, on a certain year, month, and day, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had an inspiration, and it created a brilliant idea.


 He named this immortal art — Possession.


 The core was a rank six possession Immortal Gu! Other than that, there were about three thousand rank five mortal Gu of all kinds.


 “To think that possession Immortal Gu’s origin is actually here.” Fang Yuan looked at this with a palpitating heart, in his previous life, during the chaotic battle of the five regions, possession Immortal Gu had been extremely well-known, many high ranking Gu Immortals managed to extend their lifespan and that changed the situation of the five regions battle.


 Although possession Immortal Gu was rank six, it was a crucial Gu worm that could change the very structure of the world!


 In an instant, Fang Yuan had a sudden urge — this is the origin of the possession Immortal Gu, as long as he took it and grasped the origin, in the future during the five region battle, he would be able to sell this possession Immortal Gu and gain a terrifying profit!


 Especially with his previous life’s memories, he knew who had the greatest need for this possession Immortal Gu, as long as he planned properly, the benefits were unthinkable!


 But soon, Fang Yuan calmed down.


 The special will on the big soul worm sent even more information.


 This true inheritance was only an empty shell, the possession Immortal Gu inside along with the three thousand mortal Gu had all been taken away by someone already.


 Inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, there were eighty-eight true inheritances that were set up by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 But after so many years, a portion of them had already been taken by people. Mo Yao had once said, during her time, when she explored Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, out of the eighty-eight true inheritances, only fifty-three were left.


 Mo Yao was an expert from ten thousand years ago, as Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s rounds were hard to pass, for every ten years of the Imperial Court contest, there were very few occasions in which a winner reached ten-edges. But even so, after so many years, there were some capable individuals who managed to enter the true inheritance secluded domain.


 The number of true inheritances left now was definitely smaller than fifty-three.


 “Eh? This is...” While communicating with the special will on the big soul worm, Fang Yuan’s pupils expanded suddenly.


 Although the true inheritance was taken away, Fang Yuan’s special will still made some shocking discoveries.


 “Using the soul to take over a body, it is nothing but a struggle at death’s door, death is still unavoidable. To extend one’s life, lifespan Gu is the best option. The road of a Gu Immortal is filled with calamities and tribulations, it is hard for the body to resist them, and it is hard for the soul to exist independently, the maintenance of longevity means the defiance of heaven... it is hard, hard, hard!”


 Inside the true inheritance, there was such a paragraph.


 These words directly criticized Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s method of possession, the tone was simply too arrogant! After looking at multitudes of lifespan extending methods, lifespan Gu still remained as the best choice. The final three ‘hard’ words, were truly filled with emotions.


 Finally, the person who wrote this also left his name — Spectral Soul Demon Venerable!


 Seeing this name, one would feel that it was only natural for the criticism to exist.


 Spectral Soul Demon Venerable and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had the same status, they were both rank nine Gu Masters. But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was an Immortal Venerable during the medieval antiquity era, while Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was a Demon Venerable who appeared after Giant Sun.


 Two hundred thousand years after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s demise, the demonic path venerable Spectral Soul who had the greatest nature for murder was born. Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had such a huge reputation, when Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was invincible in the world, he naturally found his way into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it was nothing strange.


 “Don’t tell me possession Immortal Gu was taken by Spectral Soul Demon Venerable? No, the possibility is very slim. Spectral Soul Demon Venerable was the creator of soul path, he was the greatest expert in terms of souls, not even Giant Sun Immortal Venerable could match him in that. From the words that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable left behind, he had no interest in the possession method at all. He wanted to exist alongside heaven and earth, but he as one person was facing increasing difficulties one after another, seeing that a predecessor had also searched for a longevity method, he felt some deep emotions and left behind these words.” Fang Yuan analyzed.


 Even rank nine venerables invincible in the universe during their time could not resist the flow of time.


 Time was the greatest enemies of heroes and beauties.


 Lifespan Gu was hard to find, their location was fixed, and they were produced in limited supply, only heaven and earth could create them naturally.


 The rank nine venerables searched the lands, using up all of the lifespan Gu, but failed to find new lifespan Gu, thus they can only find new ways to extend their lives.


 The number one people in this world, behind their invincible authority, there was the sadness and anxiety towards their limited lifespan.


 Thus, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s possession technique made Spectral Soul Demon Venerable lament about the difficulty of longevity.


 “Even Immortal Venerables or Demon Venerables, such invincible beings, cannot escape the fate of death. Sigh... the wheel of fortune goes round and round, they may rule for generation after generation, but after their primes they will inevitably break down, and those at rock bottom can have their fortunes reverse. In this world, can there be any eternal existences?” In his mind, Mo Yao had a heavy emotion as she sighed deeply.


 But this was not what Fang Yuan thought.


 He had an eerie gaze: “The Great Dao of heaven and earth focuses on the balance of all beings, and the restraints they place on each other. But when a Gu Master cultivates, they search all over the world and gather resources, using them to promote the growth of oneself, thus this is really the path that defies the way of heaven. Maybe this is why tribulations and calamities occur. But precisely so, eternal life that surpasses longevity is the goal that is worth my pursuit!”


 Thinking so, there was a fire burning in his heart, becoming brighter and hotter!


 Immortal Venerables and Demon Venerables could only have a long life, but his goal was the greater level of eternal life! This was a realm that venerables could not reach.


 Using a phrase from Fang Yuan’s previous world, that would be ‘competing against heaven, competing against earth, competing against humans, the joy is endless!’


 Water can only produce beautiful waves when they hit on rocks, people can only feel the joy in life when they engage in competition.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he was only rank six, close to seven.


 Towards the rank nine existences, he had never looked up to them, he only felt a strong aspiration in his heart.


 Here, he saw another side of the venerables: fatigue, weakness, helplessness. These made his fighting spirit surge to another level!


 The true inheritance ahead of him was empty, it was not worth wasting time for.


 Fang Yuan continued searching.


 Next, he found two ordinary inheritances, they were all involving wisdom path.


 These two true inheritances had two rank six Immortal Gu respectively.


 One was ‘false emotion fake will Gu’, and the other was ‘loving affection Gu.”


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s wisdom path attainment was very profound, this was a well known fact. Especially in terms of emotion Gu, he had expanded it and created many new Gu recipes.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created a harem and collected beauties, making girls all over the world fall for him, this showed the power of his emotion Gu.


 These two inheritances were not what Fang Yuan wanted, he chose to let go.


 “Strange, didn’t you say that there were not only ordinary true inheritances, but also unparalleled inheritances in this secluded domain? After searching for such a long time, why haven’t I found one?” Fang Yuan was confused and asked Mo Yao.


 During this period, Mo Yao had not said a word, she seemed to have taken a blow from the possession immortal art, her fighting spirit had dwindled and she had hidden in Fang Yuan’s mind without showing herself.


 Hearing Fang Yuan’s words, she showed her figure and said plainly: “Hmph, how long has it been, you are already impatient? Back in my day, I searched for a whole three months. The secluded domain is extremely huge, and all the inheritances are moving around, there are only a few unparalleled true inheritances, it is normal that you have not found one. Have some patience, lad.”


 Fang Yuan asked again: “Actually, you came here before, what good inheritances did you find, give me some details about it.”


 This was his true question.


 “Hmph, I saw many inheritances of course, but here, the true inheritances fly around random with no pattern, there is no use in telling you, you can only rely on your luck to search. Heh, beware of the time, the more inheritances you come into contact with, or the longer you stay here, the faster these true inheritances fly, and the more dangerous your situation becomes. Back then, with my Gu Immortal realm, I could only stay for three months, and nearly died here.”


 As Mo Yao said this, her tone was filled with lingering fear.


 “Even you almost died here?” Fang Yuan saw the main point in her words.


 “Lad, you are a mortal, you are too weak. I estimate that you can only check eight true inheritances, and can stay for at most a month. Right now, you have already seen five inheritances, you have to be careful!” Mo Yao vaguely reminded him.


 “What was it that threatened the life of a grand Gu Immortal like yourself?” Fang Yuan asked.


 But Mo Yao only smiled tenderly, saying, “If you are fated for it, you will know when you experience it,” before concealing herself.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned slightly grim.


 He had always held a suspicion.


 In the video in his previous life, there were eleven Gu Immortals from central continent, but after they entered the true inheritance secluded domain, after the omitted parts, there were only nine of them who reappeared, all with injuries.


 Does that mean, the two missing had died in the secluded domain?


 Sometimes, having this Mo Yao’s will was advantageous.


 Fang Yuan had gotten Mo Yao’s reminder and became more careful, slowly investigating.


 Three days later, he got close to the sixth true inheritance, and used the special will Gu and big soul worm to obtain the information inside the true inheritance.


 This inheritance came from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, it was similar to the third inheritance in that they were both lifespan extending immortal arts.


 It involved a new path that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had created from researching Ren Zu, he called it ‘yin-yang path’.


 To use this method, two Gu Immortals, one male and one female, have to cooperate and copulate, to achieve the result of one of their lifespans increasing.


 But there was a flaw.


 If one gains lifespan, the other must lose the same amount.


 In other words, it was transferring the lifespan of one person to another.


 This inheritance had also been taken by others already.


 The popularity of lifespan extending methods could be seen clearly here.


 “This is the sixth true inheritance.” Fang Yuan muttered, thinking of Mo Yao’s reminder.


 According to Fang Yuan’s endurance, he could see eight true inheritances at most, beyond this number, a huge crisis would descend upon him.


 If he wanted to obtain a true inheritance, Fang Yuan needed to be careful now.


 After all, he only had two chances left, and at the same time he needed to be wary of the inheritance being emptied out already.


 Thirteen days later, Fang Yuan found the seventh true inheritance.


 This true inheritance light lump was the size of a washing basin, it was shining brightly in white light and had a stronger aura compared to ordinary inheritances.


 “Lad, this will broaden your vision, this is an unparalleled true inheritance!” In his mind, Mo Yao said.


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral TRANSLATOR Longevity through yin-yang path ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) No wonder it’s hard hard hard.



***
Chapter 600 - Supreme True Inheritance!


***





 



 



 “Unparalleled true inheritance!” Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened upon looking at the lump of burning white light in the distance.


 He quickly took out special will Gu and a big soul worm. He condensed a will and moved it into the big soul worm, looking as it flew towards the true inheritance light lump.


 “Unparalleled true inheritances far surpass ordinary true inheritances, I want to see what is so different about it.” Fang Yuan was waiting expectantly.


 But an unexpected thing happened.


 As the big soul worm approached closer to the true inheritance light lump, Fang Yuan sensed his connection with the big soul worm was weakening.


 When the big soul worm had not even reached three hundred steps from the light lump, the connection between it and Fang Yuan had thoroughly broken.


 “This... What is this situation?” Fang Yuan was startled, looking at the unparalleled true inheritance flying away leisurely in its original orbit. And the big soul worm he had released showed no signs of movement, being completely still. Saying it was dead was also not appropriate, but no matter how Fang Yuan commanded it, it quietly hovered without the slightest bit of response.


 “Eh? This unparalleled true inheritance is not simple, be careful.” Mo Yao’s will also gave a sound of surprise and warned Fang Yuan.


 “What is going on?” Fang Yuan curiously and cautiously approached the big soul worm, picking it up for examination.


 There was no signs of injury on the big soul worm, but the will that had been instilled into it was completely gone.


 Big soul worm was a rank two Gu; and its wild will was removed after being refined by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s will occupied its body, thus he could maneuver it like moving his fingers.


 But right now, Fang Yuan’s will that was in it, refined into special will by using special will Gu, had inexplicably disintegrated with not even a trace remaining.


 The big soul worm had become completely ownerless, anyone would be able to send a trace of their will and instantly refine it.


 This was also the reason why Fang Yuan could not command it regardless of what he did.


 The previous several times, Fang Yuan had exploited special will to probe out true inheritances, ingeniously avoiding the test of the true inheritance. This method had been proved successful time and time again, he had never expected it to fail before even verifying the unparalleled true inheritance.


 What was this unparalleled true inheritance hiding that could completely clear Fang Yuan’s will?


 “Ah, I remember! So it was this.” Just as Fang Yuan was hesitating, Mo Yao suddenly spoke up.


 She laughed coquettishly: “Kid, should I say it is your good luck or bad luck? There are not many unparalleled true inheritances but there are not few either, and what you are encountering now is the most special among them.”


 “Please advise me.” Fang Yuan’s expression turned calm.


 “I saw this true inheritance before and it also left behind a deep impression on me. Back then, even I had to expend a lot of effort to approach it. Hehehe, inside it is a rank seven Immortal Gu Giant Sun Immortal Venerable personally refined, called human qi Gu. Its ability is mysterious and could even be said to be strange, even I had to spend a lot to investigate it clearly.” Mo Yao sighed.


 While Mo Yao was alive, she had been a rank seven Gu Immortal, a fairy of Spirit Affinity House with awe-inspiring reputation.


 However, she had to pay a considerable price to approach this true inheritance. Fang Yuan was only a mortal now, it was natural for him to not even be able to approach it.


 “Human qi Gu...” Fang Yuan pondered over this crucial name.


 He had a realization and asked: “Could it have some relationship with the three elements of immortal ascension?”


 “Lad, your guess is correct.” Mo Yao sighed and explained, “In the advancement to Gu Immortal, the three qi of heaven, earth and human are particularly crucial. When advancing into a Gu Immortal, you would need to completely shatter your aperture and take in the heaven qi and earth qi. The more heaven qi and earth qi you can take in, the higher your chance of succeeding. But heaven qi and earth qi cannot be accumulated limitlessly, they need to be on an equal level with human qi.”


 “And human qi is the sum of the Gu Master’s own accumulation. The Gu Master’s battle strength, toughness of their physical body, the depth of their soul, familiarity with Gu worms, understanding of heaven and earth, awareness of their own nature as well as luck, talent, aptitude, fortuitous encounters, insights and so on would transform into human qi when advancing to Gu Immortal.”


 “The more the Gu Master has accumulated, the more man qi they would have. The more man qi there is, the more heaven and earth qi they can take in, and the higher their chance of advancing to Gu Immortal. And this man qi Gu’s purpose is to take in the man qi of other people, purify them and add it to oneself when advancing to Gu Immortal, thereby greatly raising the chance of the breakthrough, as well as deepening the foundation and the potential of Gu Immortals.”


 Mo Yao’s words greatly broadened Fang Yuan’s vision.


 He could not help but praise: “There is actually such an Immortal Gu, created with such an idea! Terrific!”


 In human history, Gu Immortals had always been in extremely few numbers. The difficulty of advancing to a Gu Immortal, among numerous famous rank five Gu Masters, there might only be one who could successfully advance.


 Among the crucial keys of advancing to a Gu Immortal, one was at the top – the Gu Master’s accumulation.


 Many Gu Masters don’t have deep accumulation; the man qi they could condense when advancing to Gu Immortal would be very little but the amount of heaven and earth qi instead appears in very high amounts. As such, the balance would not be reached, heaven and earth qi would suppress and swallow the man qi, finally the Gu Master would be assimilated by heaven and earth and perish.


 But if there was man qi Immortal Gu, this difficult test would be eliminated.


 By collecting other’s man qi, purifying them and gathering it into one’s body; even if the accumulation is not enough, it would not matter.


 One could say, with man qi Immortal Gu, the chances of advancing to Gu Immortal would increase to the extreme, raising the numbers of Gu Immortals.


 And raising the numbers of Gu Immortals would mean a distinct increase in a region’s strength.


 No doubt, this was a Gu that could change the battle situation of the five regions! As long as the news was leaked, all super forces would fanatically rush over like ducks.


 However, man qi Immortal Gu was too strong, it was at rank seven, higher than the Spring Autumn Cicada currently.


 Fang Yuan had a mortal body, he could not endure the might of man qi Immortal Gu.


 His will had been devoured by the Immortal Gu before it was even able to approach it, purified into a negligible amount of man qi and stored.


 If not for Mo Yao giving the information, Fang Yuan would still be in the dark and unknowing of what happened.


 “Man qi Gu is definitely good, but it does not suit me.” Fang Yuan regretfully glanced one final time at the burning white light lump and sighed, shaking his head before leaving in another direction without the least bit of reluctance.


 Man qi Gu’s realm was too high, Fang Yuan simply did not have the qualifications to control it.


 Man is the spirit of all living beings; Gu are the essence of heaven and earth. To Gu Masters, Gu were tools. But man qi Immortal Gu was too strong; if it was an ice blade, Fang Yuan was an infant, he would be frozen by the cold aura let out by the ice blade before he even approached it.


 “The most crucial point is that I cannot use man qi Immortal Gu. I need to breakthrough from mortal to advance to Gu Immortal, before that I simply cannot handle man qi Gu. And if I become a Gu Immortal, what would I need man qi Gu for?” Helping others?”


 Man qi Immortal Gu was not suitable for the lone Fang Yuan. Only those super forces would need it.


 Unless Fang Yuan formed his own force.


 He slowly flew around in the true inheritance secluded domain.


 Fang Yuan gradually comprehended something and said after a moment of silence: “Mo Yao, I realized the danger you spoke of.”


 “Hehehe.” Mo Yao smiled, not surprised, “When Gu Masters enter the true inheritance secluded domain, every time they come in contact with a true inheritance or the longer the time they stay here, the faster these true inheritances would move around. Thus, urging the Gu Masters to quickly choose a true inheritance. By the end, the true inheritances would move as fast as meteors, Gu Masters simply would not be able to capture them. Because of this, the Gu Masters could lose their lives at any minute.”


 Pausing a while, Mo Yao continued: “And the danger to life originates from the true inheritances. You saw the unparalleled true inheritance just before. Your will had not even neared it before it was refined into man qi by man qi Immortal Gu. Think about it, if it crashes into you with the speed of a meteor, you won’t have any time to dodge, what will happen then?”


 Fang Yuan lightly snorted.


 He could completely imagine that scene.


 If a mortal body was struck by the burning white light lump, no matter their physical body, soul or will, everything would probably disintegrate and be refined into man qi.


 “Like I said before, you are too weak, only at the mortal realm. Even the tests of the ordinary true inheritances are a difficult hurdle to you. Unparalleled true inheritances are even more troublesome. Let me tell you, there is a higher level of inheritance above unparalleled true inheritance – Supreme True Inheritance.” Mo Yao revealed a sensational piece of information.


 “Supreme true inheritance?!”


 “In this whole true inheritance secluded domain, there are only three supreme true inheritances.” Mo Yao sighed with deep emotions, seemingly immersed in the depths of her memory, “It is simply impossible for a mortal to receive these three supreme true inheritances. The difficulty of an unparalleled true inheritance is already extremely high, moreover Imperial Court blessed land prohibits the entry of Gu Immortals. This is also the reason for Eighty-Eight True Yang Building being able to stand tall for so long, among the eighty-eight true inheritances, there are still over half remaining.”


 Fang Yuan carefully pondered and approved of Mo Yao’s words.


 Entering true inheritance secluded domain was extremely difficult, and the opportunity was very uncertain. First of all, one needed to be the winner of the Imperial Court contest held every ten years. Secondly, they needed to complete at least ten floors of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Finally, after entering, they still needed to successfully pass the test of the true inheritance.


 In other words, every ten years, among the many heroes of northern plains, there would only be one who would rise above others and take control of the owner token.


 Simply relying on the owner token was still not enough, the winner must have a strong force which should not be exhausted too greatly in the Imperial Court contest, and also should have enough experts beside him. His force should have enough talents in all fields and involving a wide range of paths, only then could he hope to pass ten floors.


 After fortunately being able to enter true inheritance secluded domain, the tests of the true inheritances would further wipe away a batch of these winners.


 The tests were very difficult, even Fang Yuan, a reborn old monster, almost suffered a setback, let alone these people.


 What was more absurd was that even if they passed the test, would that true inheritance be coincidentally suitable for them?


 Not necessarily.


 Those who could reach this step were usually dragons among dragons, phoenixes among phoenixes, heroes among heroes, with all three aspects of aptitude, talent and fortuitous encounters. Such characters would have extremely high aspirations, and would naturally think about it a lot and look through more options.


 As such, by the time they could no longer stay within true inheritance secluded domain, it would be too late for regret.


 Who is to say they might not die here?


 “The true inheritances’ flying speed is getting faster, you have one more chance left. No matter which true inheritance it is, take it quickly and leave... eh?! Not good, leave!” Just as she was persuading him, Mo Yao’s tone suddenly changed and let out a startled cry.


 Fang Yuan turned his head around to take a glance and saw a true inheritance, the size of an adult man, blossoming with all kinds of mysterious colors, whizzing towards him. In the dark secluded domain, it had a very long dazzling and burning tail trailing behind it.


 A light lump the size of a large bowl was an ordinary true inheritance.


 A basin sized light lump was an unparalleled true inheritance.


 Then what was a light lump the size of an adult?


 Fang Yuan instantly thought of the name – Supreme True Inheritance!


 In the whole true inheritance secluded domain, only three supreme true inheritances existed, and now, one was heading towards Fang Yuan!



***
Chapter 601 - Profiting from the situation


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Supreme true inheritance!” Fang Yuan’s pupils enlarged and his gaze burned brightly.


 When the true inheritance light lump was still a thousand steps away, Fang Yuan felt its surging aura.


 This was a feeling which ordinary true inheritances and even unparalleled true inheritances did not have.


 Under the effect of this aura, thoughts started to gather in Fang Yuan’s mind; countless thoughts emerged out of thin air and his memories flashed past continuously.


 If his mind was like a deep pond during normal times, then right now, the rapidly increasing thoughts were like a huge waterfall crashing down into this deep pond.


 Thoughts surged madly, creating waves after waves!


 This feeling was incomparably wonderful, and Fang Yuan was not able to find an accurate word to describe it.


 The memories buried deep within his mind started to emerge one after another, the dust on them removed as they realistically and vividly appeared in his mind.


 Great numbers of inspirational lights flashed past and all sorts of lively ideas emerged in Fang Yuan’s mind. Some problems and doubts regarding cultivation were being instantly solved under the inspirational lights.


 An extremely strong self-confidence involuntarily arose in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 This was an indescribably wonderful feeling, as if everything was within his control, as if there were no problems he could not solve.....


 This was a special ‘power’ that people could not help but be deeply addicted to.


 “Lad, wake up quickly, I also know how intoxicating this feeling is, but if you don’t want to die, don’t lose yourself in it! Look at yourself quickly!” Mo Yao shouted.


 This voice awakened Fang Yuan, and when he looked at himself, he was pale with horror!


 In just a short moment, his body had become weak and exhausted, his glossy forehead now had wrinkles, his strong arms gave a feeling of being old and decayed and were turning even more weak.


 If not for Mo Yao’s reminder, Fang Yuan might have lost himself in that wonderful feeling and overlooked the changes to his body.


 “This Gu is...?!” Fang Yuan thought of an incomparably shocking answer, and at the same time, used his movement Gu to quickly retreat!


 True inheritance secluded domain did not prohibit the use of Gu worms.


 The supreme true inheritance also was not chasing Fang Yuan and just continued to fly on its path.


 Fang Yuan rapidly pulled distance with it before fearfully looking at this supreme true inheritance that was flying far away, cutting open the dark space.


 “This is only the aura of a supreme true inheritance and it almost made me lose myself and die. How difficult would its test be?” Fang Yuan exclaimed in shock.


 He could not even get near human qi Gu, an unparalleled true inheritance. There was no need to speak of supreme true inheritance; let alone approaching it, just by nearing it a little, the aura it leaked out almost took his life.


 Just like Mo Yao said, Fang Yuan as a mortal was too weak!


 This inheritance was definitely a great thing but he did not have the strength to bear it. It was like a bee picking honey, if the honey was as big as a fist, the bee would instead drown to death.


 “The Immortal Gu of this supreme true inheritance, could it be... that legendary Gu?” Fang Yuan spoke with almost eighty percent certainty. But this answer was too shocking, making him somewhat unable to believe it.


 “Hehehe.” Mo Yao laughed, “Lad, your guess is correct. Even I did not dare to believe it back then, but the truth is right before your eyes, there is no choice but to believe it! Right, the Immortal Gu contained in this supreme true inheritance is the rank nine Gu of legend, wisdom Gu!”


 Wisdom Gu!


 It was recorded in <>.


 This was a rank nine Immortal Gu which could give endless wisdom to the Gu Master!


 But the price to use it was extremely high.


 The legends of Ren Zu clearly recorded that Ren Zu and Desolate Ancient Moon had to give their middle age to it to obtain its help.


 In other words, using wisdom Gu meant using up lifespan!


 Fang Yuan had not even approached it, but his lifespan had been worn down rapidly; wrinkles appeared and his body aged in just a short period of time.


 In regards to Fang Yuan, wisdom Gu was a true death god!


 “I really don’t know how Giant Sun Immortal Venerable obtained it back then and even more, what heaven defying methods did he use to seal it here. No wonder Giant Sun Immortal Venerable thought up all kinds of methods to extend lifespan, he must have used wisdom Gu a lot.” Fang Yuan was deeply moved.


 Mo Yao instead sighed: “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable probably used wisdom Gu for one reason – to extend lifespan. Unfortunately, the more wisdom Gu was used, the shorter his lifespan became, and in the end, he did not obtain the solution he wanted as well.”


 According to the historical records, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable lived for over eight thousand years before dying.


 Eight thousand years was already a result on the middle to upper level among rank nine venerables. Primordial Origin Immortal Venerable who had the longest lifespan, lived for twenty-five thousand years. The one with the shortest lifespan was Red Lotus Demon Venerable who only lived for three thousand years.


 Other venerables generally had a lifespan of around seven thousand years.


 “There are three supreme true inheritances in true inheritance secluded domain. Tell me, what are the other two like? I really want to experience them.” Fang Yuan’s eyes let out an indescribable radiance.


 Mo Yao felt something wrong with his tone, and quickly persuaded: “Lad, don’t have stupid thoughts, pick up an ordinary true inheritance quickly and leave! You have the ten-edge owner token and can only take away an ordinary true inheritance anyway. Even if you pass the test of an unparalleled true inheritance, you cannot take them. Don’t even mention supreme true inheritances, your weak body that can be blown away by the wind cannot even endure their aura!”


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “Your words make me even more interested to see them! This opportunity is extremely rare, I am afraid I won’t get another chance if I miss it this time.”


 “Brat, have you gone mad? Do you not know you lost at least two years of your lifespan just a few moments ago! If you continue squandering time like this, and the true inheritances start flying with the speed of a meteor, you won’t be able to get anything, and you might even lose your life!” Mo Yao was anxious.


 Fang Yuan kept on laughing without being moved.


 He continued to wander, detouring far away when he saw ordinary true inheritances and unparalleled true inheritances, with not even a bit of intention to take them.


 Mo Yao’s will became more anxious: “You lunatic! Heavens, what in the world are you thinking in your brain? You are letting so many true inheritances go away just to broaden your horizons? You idiot, if you die, what should I do? What about Water Pavilion?”


 “If I die, this will of yours will also not be able to survive, but you can rest easy, you still have a will left in Water Pavilion. You can wait for a fated person and entrust this precious task upon them.” Fang Yuan unhurriedly replied.


 Mo Yao tried to persuade him again, but Fang Yuan was adamant in doing things his own way.


 He kept on exploring non-stop, and after several days, the true inheritances were moving faster; Fang Yuan went into dangerous situations every now and then.


 Several times, he faced the danger of losing his life, but narrowly managed to escape in the end.


 Mo Yao had been trying to persuade him the whole time, the anxiety making her go mad: “Lad, I surrender, you are truly stubborn! Alright, you don’t have to continue, I will tell you about the other two supreme true inheritances.”


 “The first is a luck path inheritance founded by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, using his unique luck path attainment, he was able to become invincible in the world! Second is the control rights of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. This tower was refined by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Long Hair Ancestor; it can plunder the Gu worms of a region, there would be endless Gu cultivation resources for one who obtains it!”


 She was truly anxious.


 Normally, she might not necessarily be in the mood to provide such inside details to Fang Yuan even if he asked. Now, however, she revealed it, afraid Fang Yuan would continue acting foolishly.


 But what she was afraid of happened.


 Fang Yuan chuckled and as if he had not heard anything, continued to wander.


 Several days later, the true inheritances’ flying speed was already as fast as birds. It was extremely easy for Fang Yuan to evade one or two, but true inheritance secluded domain seemed to be shrinking and all sizes of true inheritances had to fly in the narrowing space. The long tails of all sorts of colorful lights they dragged were almost interweaving a thinly spread light web. Fang Yuan could only survive moving through the cracks of it.


 At this stage, Fang Yuan was using all his concentration and did not dare to relax for even a moment, for a moment of carelessness would lead to the tragedy of his death.


 “Leave quickly. You can’t even take away ordinary true inheritances now. As long as you continue to stay here, the danger will increase by each second. Sigh, you have actually gone crazy in such a crucial moment!” Mo Yao was getting dispirited from all the persuading.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was burning, suddenly asking: “Tell me, is there a possibility I can find an opportunity to reap benefits when two true inheritances collide?”


 Mo Yao was stunned upon listening to this.


 But soon, she shouted in a shrill voice: “You fool, you idiot! Would the grand Giant Sun Immortal Venerable commit such a clear mistake? So you were thinking like that, I overestimated you! I overestimated you too much! You have clearly become a victim of your own ingenuity, how could there be such an obvious loophole for you to exploit? You have thought too wishfully, you are too naive!”


 “Eh, so it was just my wishful thinking.” Fang Yuan chuckled, his expression undisturbed as he continued to explore.


 Actually, he had already known this, but intentionally said it to provoke Mo Yao.


 “Why are you still not leaving? Are you looking to die?!” Mo Yao was provoked and was completely driven mad by Fang Yuan.


 “Whether I die or not is my matter, it is none of your concern. You have already died, why is a dead person making such a din?” Fang Yuan indifferently ridiculed her; his expression still tranquil as if the one in danger was not him.


 “Damn it! Scoundrel! Idiot!” Mo Yao’s face flushed with rage and started hurling out curses.


 Rumble...


 Right at this time, an explosion suddenly occurred a great distance away.


 Fang Yuan gazed at the source of the sound, seeing two true inheritances colliding which then sprang towards different directions.


 Fang Yuan was dumbstruck.


 He had not expected his nonsensical words to come true, true inheritances actually collided!


 Especially when one of the inheritances seemed to be a supreme true inheritance!!


 Mo Yao was also dumbstruck.


 “How is this possible?” Her voice rose an octave higher into an ear-piercing sound that had no demeanor of a refinement path grandmaster, “Back then, when I explored this place, why did not I encounter such a good thing?!”


 But soon, her eyes opened wide, coming to a realization: “So it was like that! That is the luck path supreme true inheritance, back then I did all I could to open up a crack in it to obtain the fortune rivalling heaven Gu, but in the end it flew away. I could only use the other inheritances I obtained to settle for the second best option, refining calamity beckoning Gu!”


 Mo Yao had created a crack in this supreme true inheritance, because it was no longer in a perfect state, the original balance was tilted, allowing true inheritances to collide into one another.


 Boom!


 Another sound of a collision.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes opened wide, this collision seemed to have caused a Gu to fly out from the luck path supreme true inheritance?


 Fang Yuan was stumped: “What is that?”


 Mo Yao was also stupefied before shouting: “That is a luck path Gu worm, what are being dazed for, aren’t you going to take it?”


 Fang Yuan, however, hesitated: “If I try to take this Gu, wouldn’t I be met with the luck path true inheritance’s test?”


 Luck path true inheritance was a supreme true inheritance, Fang Yuan would never be able to endure its test.


 “What damned test! The collision has enlarged the crack in the true inheritance light lump, it is breaking down. Take it and leave quickly, if you don’t leave now, you are going to die here!” Mo Yao shouted.


 Fang Yuan chuckled and moved forward, dodging here and there, before being able to approach with great difficulty and pick up that Gu worm.


 This was a rank five mortal Gu and not an Immortal Gu.


 “Lad, you are still not leaving?!” Mo Yao was almost howling by now.


 “Haha, what’s the rush.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, but did not leave, instead staying within true inheritance secluded domain, observing everywhere.


 “Looking at the time, with the current chaos, it is almost ready.” he mumbled.


 “Lad, what did you say?”


 Mo Yao had just spoken when Fang Yuan sprinkled many Gu worms which activated together to form a whirlpool.


 The whirlpool let out a majestic force of attraction, absorbing all the true inheritance lights.


 Several breaths later, the whirlpool slowed down and crumbled with a loud sound, revealing a door.


 “All according to plan!” Fang Yuan threw himself in without hesitation.


 The next moment.


 He saw the land spirit!



***
Chapter 602 - Frost Jade Peacock


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The scene before one’s eyes was that of a grand and elegant white jade hall.


 Four huge pillars were holding up the roof, on the ground, light casted shadows on a person.


 Be it the walls, pillars, or roof, they were pure and white as snow, they were all created using white jade stones.


 At the center of the hall, there was an elevated area with twenty-three steps of stairs.


 On the elevated area, there was a green copper divine bird statue. The divine bird was looking up, and spreading its wings, but there were countless black chains, each with the size of an ancient tree, coiling around the divine bird’s body, tangling around its long neck, its slim legs, and even piercing through its feathers and lodging itself into its body.


 The divine bird’s eyes were sharp as daggers, it was frowning and had its mouth wide open, almost as if screaming out loud. Its expression was very moving, it looked so real with delicate details, and there was an indomitable spirit of resistance oozing from it, this spirit could leave a firm impression after a single gaze.


 Fang Yuan appeared on the stairs, looking at the tall and huge green copper divine bird statue covering his vision, his dark pupils seemed to have flames burning within.


 “This, this, this!” The sudden turn of events shocked Mo Yao to the point of stuttering.


 She gulped as she pointed her finger, shouting: “This is actually the Frost Jade Peacock, Imperial Court blessed land’s land spirit!!”


 “Ah, what’s there to be surprised about?” Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a smile, he said: “Imperial Court blessed land originally had a land spirit, otherwise it would not have recognised Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and made him its master. The land spirit is formed by the combination of an obsession and the blessed land’s heavenly power, to get rid of the land spirit, you will have to deal with the entire blessed land. If the land spirit dies, the blessed land will be destroyed. If the blessed land is destroyed, the land spirit will die too. Currently Imperial Court blessed land is still in good shape, it means the land spirit is still alive.”


 His words made Mo Yao shout in anger: “You bastard, such obvious reasoning, how could I not know this!”


 Mo Yao had done all she could to research Eighty-Eight True Yang Building for her lover Bo Qing, in an attempt to get the fortune rivalling heaven Gu, and help Bo Qing advance to rank nine.


 Eventually, although she succeeded in entering the true inheritance secluded domain, because of her insufficient power she could not obtain fortune rivalling heaven Gu. Instead she had to settle for something else, using her inheritance information and her own foundation as a refinement grandmaster to refine the calamity beckoning Gu.


 Because of this, she understood the value of the land spirit of Imperial Court blessed land extremely clearly!


 Back then, when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was not rank nine, he had won in the competition for Imperial Court blessed land’s inheritance, and became the owner of Imperial Court blessed land.


 When he became rank nine and was invincible in the world, he had the superior grotto-heaven, Longevity Heaven, and thus Imperial Court blessed land became one of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s multiple residences within the world.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable created Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and set it up within Imperial Court blessed land.


 This formed a relationship — if one was targeting Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, they would need to first enter Imperial Court blessed land. Imperial Court blessed land thus became a protective shell for Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 After Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangement, this shell had been exerting great use, in that Gu Immortals could not enter.


 But in this setup, there was a huge flaw, any Gu Immortal could see it clearly!


 That was the existence of the land spirit of Imperial Court blessed land!


 This flaw did not exist when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was still alive. Because Giant Sun was the master of the land spirit, the land spirit would obey and do whatever he told it to do.


 But after Giant Sun Immortal Venerable died, Imperial Court blessed land became ownerless. As long as one could meet the land spirit’s expectations, anyone could become Imperial Court blessed land’s new owner.


 And Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was situated inside Imperial Court blessed land, thus whoever controlled Imperial Court blessed land would have Eighty-Eight True Yang Building in their grasp.


 As long as one was a Gu Immortal, they would understand this from just a small amount of thinking.


 In Mo Yao’s lifetime, when researching Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, she had spent a huge amount of time and effort in this field.


 But eventually, she made no progress.


 All the hard work and effort she put into this resulted in nothing.


 What sort of person was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, how could he be unaware of this loophole? He dealt with this perfectly, sealing the land spirit deep within, and in Mo Yao’s eventual exploration, she could not even find a single feather of the land spirit.


 “To think that the land spirit was hidden inside the true inheritance secluded domain! Only when the true inheritances fly at a certain speed would this loophole appear, and allow for the possibility of opening this gateway!” Mo Yao’s heart was shaken, at this moment, she understood what had happened.


 The more she thought about it, the more she viewed Fang Yuan with a new and higher level of respect.


 “This lad, I underestimated him! What sort of background does he have, he actually knew this method of entry?” Mo Yao was shocked and curious.


 Fang Yuan’s performance was very shocking, it greatly exceeded her expectations.


 What she did not know was, this was inside the video from central continent’s Gu Immortals in Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 In fact, the deep research of central continent’s Gu Immortals was actually built upon the foundation of Mo Yao’s findings.


 Mo Yao was an impressive refinement grandmaster, for her lover, she researched the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and charged in alone. After she died, the previous research material that she left behind was in the hands of Spirit Affinity House.


 For the ten thousand years after that, generations after generations of geniuses within Spirit Affinity House continued their research on it. At the same time, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had been corroded by the power of time, showing more and more loopholes over the years, becoming easier to exploit.


 But Spirit Affinity House knew that to take down this juicy meat called Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it was not something a super force could do alone. Thus, Spirit Affinity House secretly worked with several other central continent sects and planned this for thousands of years.


 Spirit Affinity House took the lead as they controlled the most important research materials from beginning to end. Later, good preparation would be the key to success, when central continent’s Gu Immortals attacked, the group was led by Spirit Affinity House’s fairy of that generation, Black Moon.


 As he walked up the stairs, Fang Yuan arrived at the foot of the green copper divine bird.


 This tall statue was Imperial Court blessed land’s land spirit, Frost Jade Peacock!


 Except that it was sealed tightly by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, and could not move. Since hundreds of thousands of years ago, throughout the ages, it had been standing here without any movement.


 As they got closer, Mo Yao had a discovery: “Heh, lad, your plan will be hard to execute. The green paste on the Frost Jade Peacock’s body is created by the rank seven Immortal Gu Earth Prison. The black chains that are coiling around its body are made from the rank seven Immortal Gu Earth Net... Eh!”


 While saying this, Mo Yao thought of something and her words stopped.


 At once, in Fang Yuan’s mind, she was staring with her eyes wide open, like she had seen a ghost.


 Because she had suddenly remembered: Not long ago, Fang Yuan summoned two Immortal Gu, one of them was Gruel Mud!


 Earth prison Gu, earth net Gu, although they were rank seven Immortal Gu and were higher than Gruel Mud by one rank.


 But they were one time expenditure Gu, they vanished after one use.


 The two rank seven Immortal Gu worked together to seal the land spirit, but after hundreds of thousands of years of corrosion from time, this strength had weakened greatly.


 And Gruel Mud was a direct counter to this strength!


 “Hahaha, it seems you have already thought about it, you are not too stupid.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily as he took out the gruel mud Immortal Gu from his pocket.


 Although this Gu was rank six, because it was an expenditure type Gu, it was comparatively easier to use, there was no need to inject immortal essence into it, he just needed to squeeze it.


 Fang Yuan squeezed lightly and it shattered.


 The Gu worm burst and oozed out a brown-green light that was like liquid.


 The light followed Fang Yuan’s will and flew up, fusing into the divine bird statue.


 Throughout the process, Mo Yao watched in a daze, unable to say a word.


 After the light fused into the statue, a slight tremor occured, but this tremor was simply too light, it was almost like an illusion.


 But soon, this tremor became larger.


 The entire divine bird statue starting shaking. Cracks were forming on the green paste covering the divine bird statue, next, the chains starting colliding with one another, making a loud and sharp noise.


 “Su... success?! Don’t tell me, after hundreds of thousands of years of wear and tear, the powers of the two Immortal Gu were used up?” Mo Yao muttered to herself, she had a complex expression, there were disbelief, surprise, suspicion, and denial...


 But afterwards, the tremors became smaller.


 The divine bird statue became silent, and the chains stopped clashing, the entire white jade hall became quiet once again.


 Mo Yao was deeply disappointed, she sighed: “Failed in the end! There was the difference of a rank, plus this was the setup of an Immortal Venerable.”


 “Hehehe.” But at this point, Fang Yuan laughed lightly: “Mo Yao, look at the divine bird’s head?”


 Mo Yao’s will looked over and was shocked: “The green paste on the land spirit’s head is slowly melting! That’s right, this is the gruel mud Immortal Gu’s real effect, I was too caught up with the commotion and got carried away, I lost my bearings and did not think of this. Hehe, laughable, how laughable.”


 Mo Yao suddenly shook her head and sighed, immediately afterwards her expression had vanished completely, restoring the demeanour of a legendary Gu Immortal, a refinement grandmaster.


 Actually, she could not help but briefly lose her cool.


 In her life, she had paid too huge of a price for Imperial Court blessed land, for Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Right now, earth prison Gu and earth net Gu, the powers of these two Immortal Gu, although corroded mostly by the power of time, they still had a portion remaining.


 Although gruel mud Immortal Gu was effective against them, it was only rank six, it was still very difficult to get rid of the remaining power.


 But don’t forget about the existence of the land spirit!


 The tremors earlier were due to the land spirit.


 It was the one which exerted strength, causing the two Immortal Gu to divert the majority of their power to suppress it, allowing the gruel mud Immortal Gu’s power to sneak in.


 As the green paste melted, it turned into gruel mud on the white jade floor, the green-black mud was a great contrast to the white tiles on the ground.


 Drop by drop, they fell on the ground.


 The Frost Jade Peacock’s head was released, but after getting to its neck, the speed of melting greatly reduced.


 Evidently, earth prison and earth net Gu’s remaining power reacted and started to resist Gruel Mud, causing the efficiency to reduce greatly.


 “Heh, just like in the video in my previous life, it is exactly the same.” Fang Yuan laughed as he looked at the land spirit, Frost Jade Peacock: “Oh Imperial Court land spirit, look down at your feet, I was the one who released you. How does it feel to breathe again after hundreds of thousands of years? As long as you recognise me as your master, I will help you to regain freedom!”


 Frost Jade Peacock’s angry expression was still fixed on its face, hearing Fang Yuan’s words, it laughed arrogantly: “I am one with the blessed land, all the things that happened in the blessed land for the last hundreds of thousands of years are clear in my heart. If you want to be my new owner, you will need to fulfill one condition.”


 Hundreds of thousands of years ago, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s fulfilled this land spirit’s request and became Imperial Court blessed land’s owner.


 Today, Fang Yuan was facing this request as well.


 At this point, the video in his previous life had no more value. Fang Yuan laughed as his eyes shone, asking —


 “What condition?”



***
Chapter 603 - Sleepless Night


***





 



 



 “No, don’t abandon me...”


 “Save me, save me, benefactor!”


 The voices were reverberating in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s ears, he opened his eyes suddenly and sat up on his bed.


 Huff, huff...


 He was panting, with his body covered in sticky sweat, it was very uncomfortable.


 Another nightmare!


 Under the dim light, this rank five peak stage expert’s face showed an old and weary expression befitting his age.


 In the silent room, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s breathing sounds became softer, as his frown slowly eased.


 Sitting on his bed, he fell into deep silence, like he was in a daze, there was an extreme fatigue hidden in his gaze.


 Ever since he failed the round, he had been in deep guilt and self-blame for causing Gao Yang and Zhu Zai to be sacrificed due to his own greed.


 Almost every night, he had the same nightmare.


 In the nightmare, blood was pouring everywhere, the smell was overbearing. All sorts of ugly blood beasts bared their claws and fangs as he was encircled, facing Gao Yang and Zhu Zai’s pleas.


 They called him benefactor, they asked him to save them.


 But every time, even though Tai Bai Yun Sheng had an aperture full of primeval essence, he would be unable to move, watching Gao Yang and Zhu Zai get surrounded by blood beasts and eventually consumed, leaving behind their pale white bones.


 Throughout the process, Gao Yang and Zhu Zai would sometimes beg him, sometimes they would protect him, or curse furiously, or taunt him.


 Eventually, when they turn into pale white skeletons, lying in the pool of blood, they would still say with their remaining skulls—


 “I believe in Lord Tai Bai, he is so kind and righteous, he will definitely never abandon us!”


 “Mm, I believe in him too! Even if I die, I will believe...”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was in pain, he felt sadness, helplessness, and regret!


 Especially at the end, he would kneel on the ground helplessly in his dream, letting the blood dye his white hair red as he cried profusely.


 He felt that he was no longer Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 This experience made him reevaluate himself.


 But every time he examined, it resulted in a severe negative answer.


 Sometimes when he looked in the mirror, he felt that he was looking at a stranger!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not the only person who had a sleepless night.


 It was late at night.


 Imperial Court blessed land’s night was dazzling with silver light, shining on the land.


 Hei Lou Lan looked out of the window, above the sacred palace, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was still forming new floors, the dazzling aurora was shining brightly in the sky, creating a beautiful scenery.


 “Damn it! The owner token went missing, what in the world happened?” Thinking back to the time when he challenged the round, Hei Lou Lan gritted his teeth, he clenched his fists as his eyes shone with ruthlessness, ready to devour people with one glance.


 Throughout history, there had never been any Lord of the Imperial Court who lost their owner token, but this had to happen to Hei Lou Lan.


 “Forget it! So what if I don’t have the owner token, so what if I cannot use the Grey Meltdown killer move? Whatever the difficulties, they cannot stop me from getting the strength path Immortal Gu! Mother, if you can watch this from the afterlife, see how I take revenge for you!”


 Fang Yuan was slowly walking in the sacred palace’s garden.


 His expression was not nice, he had a grim look on his face.


 In the flower garden, there was a jade fountain and a stone bridge, with flowers blooming and flourishing like it was spring, this beautiful environment was not something he could currently enjoy.


 Right after coming out of the white jade hall, Fang Yuan was feeling vexed about the matter of subduing Imperial Court land spirit.


 In his mind, Mo Yao’s will chuckled: “Hehehe, to think that Imperial Court blessed land’s condition for ownership was like that. Lad, with your gloomy personality, it will not be easy for you to find a woman that you love, while she also has to be deeply in love with you.”


 Not long ago, Fang Yuan faced Imperial Court land spirit Frost Jade Peacock, and was told the condition to become the owner of Imperial Court — true love!


 To make the Frost Jade Peacock willingly submit to a master, and obey every command, one person was not enough, it had to be a Gu Master couple who were deeply in love.


 It was very easy for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to fulfill this condition.


 But for Fang Yuan, it was filled with difficulty.


 Not mentioning the other parts, just requiring Fang Yuan to be truly in love with a certain woman was a near impossible matter.


 “If this was in my previous life, I would be able to fulfill it. But now...” Fang Yuan took a few steps and stopped at the stone bridge, he rested on the railing and looked at the jade lake below the bridge, laughing coldly.


 The lake was like a mirror, under the radiance of the silvery night sky, it was a dazzling sight.


 What he did in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building that night was really a scary experience, but that was over now.


 At this moment, he was basking in the beautiful scenery around the sacred palace, compared to the dangerous predicament he was in earlier, this truly felt like a dream or illusion.


 “Life is like a dream, like morning dew and nocturnal flower, like the shadow of a bubble...” Fang Yuan muttered, going into a daze.


 The light breeze caused ripples on the surface of the lake.


 Among the ripples, a blurry image of a woman’s figure seemed to appear in Fang Yuan’s absent-minded gaze.


 That was the woman he had buried deep in his memories.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he had faced disaster and was a destitute wanderer, during the lowest time of his life, he had met her, the world’s encounters were just so amazing, and the toying of fate was simply cruel and merciless.


 “If we are talking about true love... why am I thinking of her?” Fang Yuan’s fingers which were holding the railing exerted force unknowingly.


 He frowned suddenly, and his gaze turned ice cold, the woman’s figure silently vanished, and the surface of the lake appeared before him once again.


 Fang Yuan fell into deep thought.


 The current situation was not looking good!


 Frost Jade Peacock was formed from the obsession of the blessed land’s original owner, although it was arrogant, it would acknowledge true love.


 But it was near impossible for Fang Yuan to meet its requirements.


 If he could not subdue the land spirit, then Fang Yuan’s plan for taking over Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would fail completely, he would have to stop here.


 “No wonder the central continent Gu Immortals in my previous life chose to destroy Imperial Court blessed land, and destroy Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Gu Immortals have lots of deep secrets and often have extreme personalities, it is harder for them to experience true love than mortals.”


 “After using Gruel Mud, even though the melting is slow, the land spirit’s seal is getting weaker. After being sealed for hundreds of thousands of years, the land spirit is filled with hatred and desires freedom badly, it will definitely try to break the seal. Although Giant Sun’s will is still slumbering, when the seal melts to a certain degree, or if the land spirit continues to resist, it will definitely awaken!”


 This was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s will!


 When an Immortal Venerable rages, blood would flow like a river, all beings would mourn. But the land spirit has the territorial advantage, as long as the blessed land remains intact, it would have a continual source of strength.


 When the two contest, it would be scarier than deities fighting. At that point, those who were mortals like Fang Yuan would suffer.


 Especially when Fang Yuan was the culprit who released the land spirit, if he was targeted by Giant Sun’s will, he would face a terrible end, there was no way out!


 Fang Yuan’s original plan was like this.


 First, he would enter northern plains and make his way into Imperial Court blessed land.


 He achieved this flawlessly, using his previous life’s memories, he killed the Wolf King Chang Shan Yin who was at his last breath, taking over his identity and becoming a higher-up of Hei tribe army. Next, he hid within the alliance army and got into Imperial Court blessed land.


 The second step was to get into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and gain the most benefits for himself. Using the video from the central continent Gu Immortals in his previous life, he would subdue the land spirit and without alerting the Immortal Venerable’s will, he would become the new owner of Imperial Court blessed land.


 The third step, after becoming the owner of the Imperial Court, he would not be in a rush to take down Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, instead he would hide in the background and develop in secret.


 Within Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, there was an Immortal Venerable’s will, it was not easy to deal with. Imperial Court blessed land was a sacred place in the hearts of northern plains’ Gu Masters, it could not be defiled or tainted.


 If he was discovered, Fang Yuan would face the assault of the entirety of northern plains!


 Such frightening power, even if Fang Yuan escaped to other places, it would be pointless. There would not be a single super force that would protect him from the pressure of the whole of northern plains’ forces.


 Unless it was during the chaotic five regions battle, when no one had the spare energy to bother with him, and when all five regions suffer setbacks, Fang Yuan would survive even if he was exposed.


 After becoming the land spirit’s owner, Fang Yuan would order the land spirit to stay inside the white jade hall, while cooperating with Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s operations.


 This way, everything would progress smoothly.


 First, he could use Imperial Court blessed land’s strength to deal with the Gu Immortal Tai Bai Yun Sheng. This way, he would have a greater chance of success, and regardless of how their battle end up, Fang Yuan would not lose. Even if he failed to take the Immortal Gu Landscape as Before, Fang Yuan would not be in any mortal danger due to the land spirit’s protection.


 Secondly, Fang Yuan could use Fixed Immortal Travel to move between Hu Immortal blessed land and Imperial Court blessed land freely. Hu Immortal blessed land was being covetously eyed by Immortal Crane Sect, and every once in a while, there would be an earthly calamity, it would be the centre of many struggles and not the ideal place to cultivate peacefully.


 By becoming the owner of Imperial Court blessed land, he could use Hu Immortal blessed land as his cover and Imperial Court blessed land as his true base. While cultivating, he could scheme against Immortal Crane Sect to gain the most benefits. If it failed, he could discard Hu Immortal blessed land and retreat into Imperial Court blessed land.


 Imperial Court blessed land was protected by an Immortal Venerable’s setup, it was hard for wisdom path Gu Immortals to make deductions involving it. Moreover, Fang Yuan would continue to fix and repair the loopholes in the future, thus it would be much safer than Hu Immortal blessed land!


 Thirdly, Fang Yuan would own this precious resource, every time True Yang Building opens up, he could collect all these vast amounts of resources including Immortal Gu without putting himself in danger. When the time comes, he would do what he did in his previous life, subduing a blood path Gu worm and becoming a blood path Gu Immortal. It would be slow and steady, safe and sound.


 But though the plan was perfect, reality was not.


 Fang Yuan put in his best effort, but he was stuck at the second step.


 Unable to become the land spirit’s owner, he could not borrow its strength, as a mortal, there was nothing much he could do.


 The situation was progressively getting worse, Giant Sun’s will was definitely going to awaken. If Fang Yuan wanted to escape, he could use hole earth Gu and connect to Hu Immortal blessed land to flee. But he could not bring these few Immortal Gu with him!


 Moreover, even if he obtained landscape as before Immortal Gu, how would he quickly and safely return to Hu Immortal blessed land?


 Without the land spirit’s help, as a mortal, Fang Yuan could not do that.


 “At present, the plan can only be to first think of every possible method to convince the land spirit. If I am on its side, we can deal with Giant Sun’s will together, and I might be able to borrow some of its strength. Sigh... I really do not want to use that final method.”



***
Chapter 604 - Luck Inspection Gu


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Half a month later.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The wind scythe birds were densely packed together, a great number of them engulfed the sky as they charged towards the alliance army.


 These wind scythe birds had beaks as sharp as swords, their wings were curved and razor-edged, like that of a scythe. They flew extremely fast, leaving behind afterimages in the air, and had no fear when they charged towards their enemies.


 “Kill, kill, kill!” Hei Lou Lan shouted, the black smoke around his body was rolling, creating multiple black tentacles as they one after another captured the surrounding wind scythe birds and devoured them.


 The battle of the army fighting against the wind scythe birds had been ongoing for an hour, with both sides suffering heavy casualties.


 The floor was littered with bird corpses, but there were also many dead Gu Masters.


 “Ahhhhh...” Hei Lou Lan screamed, he was going berserk from fighting, stretching out his right hand.


 His right arm was in a claw shape, as a dark spiral was formed, it rotated in the air and converged at the center of his right claw.


 In the blink of an eye, thousands of dark streams gathered like they were flowing into the sea, into Hei Lou Lan’s right claw like a black light ball.


 The light ball was dark and mysterious, it spun on its own and gave out a thunder like sound.


 “Go!” Hei Lou Lan’s eyes suddenly opened wide as he shouted, using all his strength to point his claw at the sky.


 He grabbed the round ball of black light like he was lifting heavy weight, his movement was very slow and strenuous.


 Following this movement, the light ball slowly flew into the air.


 In the air, it rapidly expanded, in a few breaths’ time, it expanded to the size of a mountain.


 At once, the black light ball occupied the sky covering half the alliance army’s surface area.


 Countless wind scythe birds were engulfed by it, melting and corroding, not even their bones were left intact.


 The entire process was silent and strangely overbearing, people’s hearts were turning cold from seeing this.


 This was Hei Lou Lan’s signature killer move — Dark Vortex!


 After lasting for six breaths’ time, the vortex killed tens of thousands of wind scythe birds.


 The numbers of the wind scythe birds were too huge, and because they gathered above the alliance army, they were a terrifying threat.


 After the dark vortex vanished, a huge clear hole appeared in the sky, but soon, the wind scythe birds flooded in like a tide, covering up the hole again. Above the alliance army, there were countless wind scythe birds again.


 This was the twenty-fifth round of the sixty-eighth floor of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The numbers of wind scythe birds were too great, among them were large numbers of bird kings, their assault was too powerful.


 Actually, according to their experiences, they knew there had to be an easier way to challenge this round, but Hei Lou Lan directly charged in and mobilized all his strength to overwhelm the birds.


 This attracted the revenge and counterattack of the frenzied wind scythe birds.


 “Hahaha, kill all these damn birds!” At one side, Ye Lui Sang laughed. Hei Lou Lan’s explosive strength triggered his fighting spirit.


 Ye Lui tribe was on the same level as Hei tribe, they were both super forces, having Gu Immortals backing them. Ye Lui Sang and Hei Lou Lan had the same status, they were both the tribe leader of their respective super tribes.


 When he saw Hei Lou Lan’s killer move that killed countless wind scythe birds, he was not willing to hold back anymore.


 “Look at my newly developed killer move — Flame Demon!”


 Ye Lui Sang shouted loudly as his sleeves fluttered, and his primeval essence rushed into the Gu worms in his hands.


 With a loud thud, his body was clad in flames as the flames burst out, all Gu Masters near him moved away.


 Within the radius of a few hundred steps, he was the only person left.


 His body trembled and the flames that could rise to heaven split to form a ten metre bronze ape that was completely made of flames.


 The flaming bronze ape had an ugly appearance, with teeth like a gorilla, strange horns and bulging muscles. This was the flame demon!


 The flame demon rose into the sky, crashing around as all the wind scythe birds that collided with it were ignited, screaming from being burnt alive.


 Along its path, flames were burning, causing a straight line of them to form in the sky. Large numbers of wind scythe birds were roasted, falling to the ground.


 The flame demon rampaged arrogantly, attracting the attention of many birds, it greatly reduced the pressure of the Gu Masters in the grand army.


 “What fire demon, it is nothing much!” Far away, Hei Lou Lan laughed loudly, showing his smug arrogance.


 Ye Lui Sang laughed as well: “Hei tribe leader, take another look!”


 In saying this, his body shook as the flames fell off him, forming another flame demon.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression changed, not just him, even Fang Yuan who was in the army took a serious look. The flame demon had great strength, but to think he had more than one.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building gave lots of opportunities, it was not just Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan who were improving, other Gu Masters were gaining many rewards as well.


 When six flame demons entered the battlefield, the flames on Ye Lui Sang were finally extinguished.


 “Six flame demons, thankfully...” Fang Yuan retracted his gaze.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression soothed as well.


 Ye Lui Sang had true capability, this killer move was really extraordinary, but that was as far as it got. In terms of power, it could only be on par with dark vortex.


 The flame demons rampaged for an hour as their strength fell more and more, eventually perishing among the wind scythe birds.


 But soon after, Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Xi Xue, Pei Yan Fei, Tao You, Gu Guo Long and others attacked, using all their killer moves. The great strength of rank five experts quickly changed the battlefield, tilting the scales of victory towards the alliance army.


 Eventually, they succeeded, getting into the twenty-sixth round.


 “Reporting to lord tribe leader, thirteen tribe leaders have submitted a letter of request, they are asking for a temporarily halt of advancement. They are worried about the huge casualties, they need to rest and recover.” Before Hei Lou Lan had finished probing this round, his attendant Hei Shu had already reported.


 Hei Lou Lan frowned immediately, shouting: “Begrudging already despite such few casualties! These useless bums, they are all useless cowards! Return this request to them, and tell them we will advance no matter what. Whoever dares to escape or run away from the alliance army will have their entire tribe and any related tribes executed, none will be spared!”


 Saying so, he held the letter in his hand and tore it into pieces immediately.


 “Continue advancing, charge!” Hei Lou Lan waved his hand, shouting as he commanded the army.


 He was anxious.


 These days, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would emit a strange tremor every few days.


 Coupled with the disappearance of the owner token, Hei Lou Lan felt that this was not a simple matter, his instincts were telling him that something unthinkable was about to happen.


 To avoid any accidents in the future, he had to quickly get the strength path Immortal Gu now. Only after advancing to a Gu Immortal would he have the strength to control this changing situation.


 The challenge this time lasted until the twenty-eighth round. Only after everyone was unable to continue and the casualties were too heavy did Hei Lou Lan have no choice but to retreat and recuperate.


 ...


 In his room, Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed a bitter smile as he held several east window Gu in his hand.


 These east window Gu contained the cultivation experience of previous generation Gu Masters, among them, most were time path attainment!


 These were all the round rewards obtained from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 “Don’t tell me, this is the arrangement of destiny, for me to advance to Gu Immortal realm?”


 Back then, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had failed in searching for a lifespan Gu, after wasting all his life’s savings, he had to become Hei tribe’s external elder.


 He was a time path Gu master, rank five peak stage, with his sensitivity towards time he knew that he had little time left since a few years ago.


 Although advancing to Gu Immortal realm could allow a Gu Master’s life to improve qualitatively, it could not increase his lifespan. But Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s situation was a little special.


 His time path inheritance was extraordinary, it was a Gu immortal inheritance.


 The core of his inheritance had three Gu, river as before Gu, mountain as before Gu, and man as before Gu.


 The inheritance has theorized long ago: When he becomes an immortal, using the supreme opportunity of the resonance of heaven and earth, he could advance his man as before Gu into an Immortal Gu.


 The mortal man as before Gu could only be used on others.


 Immortal Gu Man As Before, could be used on himself.


 “If I have the man as before Immortal Gu, I can use it on myself and extend my lifespan. Unfortunately, man as before is not like the Spring Autumn Cicada, I cannot save Gao Yang and Zhu Zai. Sigh...”


 Thinking of this, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart was worried, the intense regret and guilt assaulted him once again.


 ...


 Fang Yuan stood at the peak of the tall tower, looking at Hei tribe.


 Luck inspection Gu had been activated for a while, it gave him a different field of vision from others.


 This rank five mortal Gu was the sole, unexpected gain that he obtained inside the true inheritance secluded domain.


 Luck inspection, as the name suggests, could be used to inspect luck. It was an investigative Gu worm.


 In his vision, in the living quarters of Hei tribe, there were countless smoke-like luck strands. But among them, two were extremely thick, like cranes among chickens, even the palace’s rooms could not hide them.


 One came from Hei Lou Lan, his luck was like a huge pillar, with an azure color, it was thick and long. The other came from Tai Bai Yun Sheng, his luck was like the flames burning during sunset, red and bright, it accumulated above the roof of his house, it was like the feeling of dazzling flames.


 “The luck of these two are extremely high, but they are different. Hei Lou Lan’s luck has a lasting feeling. Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s luck is like a pile of old firewood, burning at the last moment. In recent days, I secretly manipulated the rewards and placed many time path attainment experiences as rewards to give them to Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Every time he gets one, the firey red luck above him turns brighter by a bit. The possibility of becoming an immortal also increased slightly.”


 Fang Yuan thought about it for a long time, he sighed in his heart when he thought about the mysterious and unfathomable luck path.


 But he had only obtained a single luck inspection Gu, he did not know the details of the inheritance, it was like opening a new window, towards this new path, he could only explore it slowly.


 He used the luck inspection Gu on himself.


 Fang Yuan’s body was shrouded in black ink-like luck. This luck gathered and formed a huge coffin shape, completely covering his body, they were emitting a dense death energy, the energy of great misfortune.


 Even though Fang Yuan had looked at this many times, his heart always sank when he observed this.


 “My luck is not looking optimistic. But these days, all my talks with the Imperial Court land spirit have had no progress. This land spirit is too arrogant, it only wants to break the seal and regain its freedom. True Yang Building has already shaken thirty-eight times, eventually, Giant Sun’s will would awaken.”


 “Eh?” Fang Yuan gasped, he looked at a group of Gu Masters, they were all shrouded in a black coffin-like luck, heading in the direction of Hei tribe.


 A moment later, they all entered Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s residence.


 Fang Yuan thought about briefly before understanding their intentions.


 “This is a good opportunity for me to understand the meaning of this black coffin luck.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was dark, he gave a deep glance towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s location.



***
Chapter 605 - Pitiful Person (Double chapter)


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “We implore you to help us, old sir Tai Bai!”


 “I am sincerely asking old sir to go forward and plead for us.”


 “The whole of my tribe, our elderly, the weak, the women and children too, the future of all of our tribesmen are in lord’s hands...”


 In the room, a group of Gu Masters were kneeling on the ground, crying profusely or showing a sad expression, they were desperately asking Tai Bai Yun Sheng for help.


 These Gu Masters had rather special identities, they were all the tribe leaders of their respective tribes.


 Lou tribe, Lu tribe, Xi tribe... all of these tribes were middle sized tribes or small sized tribes, during the process of challenging Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, they suffered the greatest numbers of casualties, if this were to continue, they might face the threat of being wiped out for good.


 The previous few times, they had as a group written letters of request, asking to retreat, but they were all harshly rejected by Hei Lou Lan.


 Survival was the number one priority.


 Hei Lou Lan’s oppressive and all out tactics had already severely harmed the survival and development of these small and middle sized tribes.


 But because of the Black Tyrant’s fierce reputation, these tribe leaders did not dare to approach Hei Lou Lan himself. After discussing among themselves, they decided to jointly approach Tai Bai Yun Sheng for help.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the current number one healing master in all of northern plains, he was well known to be kind and merciful, his reputation in northern plains was second to none. Now that he had become Hei tribe’s external elder, he was greatly trusted and depended on by Hei Lou Lan.


 If they could obtain Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s help, their respective tribes might very well gain the precious time to rest and recuperate.


 “Please get up and speak.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng urged them.


 “Old sir, if you do not accept our request, we will not get up!”


 “Please go take a look at our tribes, you will understand our pain and grief then. Our injuries and casualties are simply too great, our women have lost their husbands, our children have lost their parents, and our elderly have lost their children...”


 “Old sir, please go and talk to Lord Hei Lou Lan, if this carries on, our tribe is going to perish for good.”


 “Hmph, we did not die in the Imperial Court contest, but instead, we are facing extermination within Imperial Court blessed land, if word gets out, where would Hei tribe’s reputation go to? This is simply too ironic!”


 The tribe leaders talked one after another, they held a firm attitude and refused to get up from the kneeling position.


 “Sigh...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng heaved a long sigh, he had already been very unhappy with Hei Lou Lan’s actions to begin with.


 There was enough time to go about this slowly, why did he have to be so anxious and rush their advancement?


 Causing such grave and severe casualties, he could not bear to see this in his heart.


 From Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s perspective: Most likely, losing the owner token during the challenge of the second round had triggered Hei Lou Lan. Another reason was that the supreme elders of Hei tribe were pressuring him greatly. Because of this pressure, Hei Lou Lan had no choice but to give it his all in challenging the rounds.


 “My servants, quickly come and serve tea to the tribe leaders.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng instructed his servants.


 He next turned around and consoled the band of tribe leaders: “This old man will do his best to talk to tribe leader Hei Lou Lan, but all I can say is, I will try my best.”


 “Old sir, you are truly a kind person, you are so benevolent.”


 “Gaining old sir’s help, it is truly our tribe’s greatest fortune!”


 “Old sir, this is a letter of request that we have written collectively, we will be waiting for old sir’s good news patiently.”


 All the tribe leaders were filled with gratitude and joy.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng received the letter of request from them and kept it in his pocket, after bidding farewell to the tribe leaders, he came to the grand hall and looked for Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was not settling the administrative matters of the army in the grand hall, instead, he was relaxing in the flower garden.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng hurried over quickly and when he saw Hei Lou Lan, the latter was playing chess in the lake pavilion.


 Hei Lou Lan heard his intentions and first rejected him strictly, but when Tai Bai Yun Sheng urged him with reasoning and kind words, Hei Lou Lan slowly became less strict as he said: “How about this, I can let these tribes rest and recover temporarily, but they must lend out all of their Gu worms. My army will continue to advance, but we cannot reduce our strength just because of their absence! Every Gu worm that they lend will entitle them to one person who can rest, rank two Gu worm will exempt a rank two Gu Master. A rank three Gu worm will exempt a rank three Gu Master, and so on.”


 “Lord tribe leader is wise and merciful, I will thank tribe leader for his magnanimity on behalf of all the different tribes and their tribesmen.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng knew this was the best result he could get, thus he returned and informed all of the tribe leaders about this result.


 The tribe leaders looked at each other as they pondered over this, eventually accepting this condition.


 Gu worms were the foundation and base of a Gu Master. Gu worms that were lent out were easy to get damaged, but it was much better than losing their own lives.


 The casualties that these tribes were facing were simply too severe.


 The next day, Hei Lou Lan ordered the black banner army to go to the respective tribes’ resting area and collect their Gu worms, being late was not an option. He also sent Tai Bai Yun Sheng to control the situation and settle the relevant administrative matters.


 After three days, this matter was finally settled.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng returned and reported to Hei Lou Lan, who invited him to a banquet.


 During the banquet, Hei Lou Lan lifted his wine cup as he said: “Old sir, please have a drink! It was our great fortune that old sir joined our tribe, allowing the army to face much fewer casualties and injuries. Old sir, you revived countless people, you have accomplished great deeds.”


 “I am not worthy of such praise, but we have to try our very best at things, whether we succeed or not is up to heaven. With Longevity Heaven watching us, we can only do our best.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed a look of shame, replying as he raised his cup. Hei Lou Lan’s praise reminded him of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai.


 In truth, every since he returned from the blood hall, every word of praise that he heard felt like an insult, like sarcastic comments that were whipping at his soul.


 But today, after settling this matter, he resolved the conflict between Hei tribe and many small and middle sized tribes, in a way, he saved the lives of many Gu Masters.


 This made him feel slightly better.


 “With Longevity Heaven watching us, we can only do our best...” Hei Lou Lan drank his wine in one gulp, putting it down as he muttered, sighing: “Old sir’s words are very accurate and articulate, it is truly well said. Longevity Heaven is watching us, the road to the future is filled with mystery and unexpected circumstances, as mortals, we can only do our best. Elder Tai Bai had already done his best, I, Hei Lou Lan, should do the same as well!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and suddenly felt that Hei Lou Lan had some additional meaning in his words, he immediately asked: “Lord tribe leader, what do you mean by that?”


 Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily, he was about to speak when Hei Shu came in with a report.


 His body was covered in blood, his expression was respectful and cautious, he came to Hei Lou Lan’s side and said: “Reporting to lord tribe leader, the black banner army has not failed your expectations, we have already settled it appropriately.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt the killing aura around him and had a very ominous feeling, he quickly asked: “What do you mean by settled it appropriately? Hei Shu! What did you guys settle?”


 Hei Shu did not speak, he raised his eyebrows as he gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng a passing glance, showing disdain in his eyes towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s compassionate and benevolent attitude.


 “Hahaha, elder Tai Bai! It is exactly like what you said — we can only do our best! You are doing your best, and I am doing the same! I have to do all I can to break through the rounds, and accomplish the mission given to me by the supreme elder. Tell me, these people ran away in the middle of our task, what crimes have they committed? They were able to develop to this extent because they relied on me. Taking advantages when they can, and hiding when there is trouble, is there such an easy and simple thing in this world? Hmph! If everyone was like that, would my army need to exist anymore? Will there be anyone left who would challenge the rounds with me?” Hei Lou Lan said this with a sharp and resolute tone, his eyes were shining with a ruthless light.


 Saying this, there was no need to mention what the task given to the black banner army was!


 “Hei Lou Lan, you!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng stood up in a flash.


 He stared at Hei Lou Lan with a furious gaze, he showed shock, anger, and even hatred on his face.


 “Insolent!” Hei Shu was unhappy and was about to strike, but Hei Lou Lan stretched out his hand and stopped him.


 “Elder Tai Bai, do not forget your current status.” Hei Lou Lan kept away his ruthless expression and poured another cup of wine indifferently.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng clenched his fists, his body was shivering from pure anger.


 He stared at Hei Lou Lan fixatedly, he wanted to scold him, but no sound came out of his mouth.


 Hei Lou Lan chuckled, pouring a cup of wine for Tai Bai Yun Sheng personally: “Old sir, take a seat, such beautiful and relaxing scenery paired with good wine and food, we should not let it go to waste.”


 “Screw your good wine and food!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng swept his sleeves furiously, with a loud crash, all the wine cups fell onto the floor.


 Hei Lou Lan was unmoved, instead he pointed at the dishes on the table as he laughed loudly: “Elder Tai Bai, this is a banquet to celebrate your success. If not for your support, why would they trust us so much and lend out their Gu? As they did not have their Gu worms with them, my black banner army could quickly swoop in and take them down, easily obliterating them. I have no one but you to thank for this.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and felt like lightning had struck him, he staggered three steps back as his face turned completely pale as paper.


 “Hei Lou Lan, you are really an unscrupulous scoundrel!”


 “Unscrupulous? I cannot believe this, you are saying such naive things? Elder Tai Bai, you were also once the young tribe leader of a tribe, after living for so many years, have you not seen the reality of this world? These so called political affairs have always been dirty.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to rebuke him, but there were no words he could say.


 He snorted coldly, turning around and leaving, walking out of the hall quickly without even turning back once.


 “Lord tribe leader, should I send people to surveil Tai Bai Yun Sheng?” Hei Shu inquired.


 Hei Lou Lan raised his wine cup, his expression was plain, without a bit of nervousness. He glanced at Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s back as he laughed coldly: “Tai Bai Yun Sheng is merely a healing Gu Master, what’s there to be afraid of? His reputation? Hehe, after this matter, who would dare believe in him again? Good deeds go unnoticed, while bad deeds travel a thousand li...”


 Hei Shu heard this and his heart jumped: “Anyone who holds a high political position is an unfathomable schemer indeed!”


 At this point, he could see that Hei Lou Lan’s actions were killing three birds with one stone.


 Firstly, by causing bloodshed in these small and middle tribes, he was creating an example to show the others. Secondly, he could suppress Tai Bai Yun Sheng, making him understand what status he is currently holding. Thirdly, it is to attack Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s reputation, in order to strengthen his own political power.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng walked quickly towards the scene of the incident.


 The slaughter had ended, in order to create more fear in people, Hei Lou Lan did not order his men to clean up the area.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked around, his expression turning white, and his heart was shivering.


 The sacred palace was dyed in blood, corpses were everywhere on the ground.


 Not just strong adult men, there were even the old, the weak, women and children. Some of them had their eyes wide open, dying an indignant death; some of them had their arms and legs chopped off, some were cut in half, it was a gruesome sight; some had messy clothing, their expressions were twisted and in agony, it was evident that they had been humiliated in an inhuman way before they died...


 All of this... all of this...


 “It was all caused by me. If not for me trusting Hei Lou Lan, if not for me trying to mediate the tension between the two... I was too foolish, I was too naive! I did not manage to see Hei Lou Lan’s ugly and evil intentions! All these people, they all died because they placed their trust in me!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s body was shivering, the intense smell of blood was assaulting him, and the scene of a sea of corpses lying on the ground was causing a huge impact on his fragile state of mind.


 His back was hunched, the mild wind blew at him and caused his beard to move slightly, he had deep wrinkles and a dazed expression, his fists were tightly clenched, soundlessly expressing the grief, agony, regret, and self blame that he was feeling deep in his heart!


 Plop.


 He kneeled on the ground weakly, holding himself up with his hands as the blood dyed his palms, his knees, and his pants bright red.


 “Sorry, I am sorry...”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng wept profusely, at once, his face was like an overflowing river.


 “This is a good person... even though there is also darkness in his heart, in the end, there is great terror when one is between life and death. Facing death, which normal person would not lose themselves?” Far away, at a hidden corner, Fang Yuan had been observing this intently and silently.


 He watched the scene unfold with his very own eyes.


 It turned out that the black coffin luck represented a severe disaster that would threaten his life. The extermination of these tribes was the best proof of that.


 Meanwhile, the death energy on his body was more than dozens of times thicker than these tribes’ members, even a hundred times as thick!


 “Hehe, this is so interesting. Luck huh...” Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a cold and arrogant smile, he wanted to see if this so called bad luck could stop him in his steps.


 “In this life, there is no person, any reason, or any difficulties that can affect my determination in moving forward!” His gaze was cold and still as ice, looking towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Who said that kind people will be rewarded?” Thinking of this, Fang Yuan’s cold expression turned into one that had a trace of sarcasm: “Then let me give you a hand.”


 He activated his Gu worms in secret, forming an illusory voice that was untraceable, as the soundwaves entered Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s ears one by one.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s state of mind was close to collapsing, his mind was extremely susceptible to influences.


 At this moment, he could hear a voice, it sounded just like Gao Yang and Zhu Zai.


 “I believe in you! You will definitely save us, isn’t that right?”


 “Old sir, you are our benefactor. We are grateful to you, we are willing to risk our lives in order to come forward and help you!”


 “Ah!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng screamed suddenly, opening his eyes abruptly.


 With his blurred vision due to his tears, he looked at the blood puddle on the ground.


 The blood puddle rippled, as the nightmare that haunted him appeared once again, the image of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai dying from the sea of blood beasts!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s body shuddered, he was still like a statue, but the next moment, he raised his head and screamed with all of his energy.


 “AHHHHHHHHHH!”


 His shrill and hoarse voice resounded in this bloody slaughterhouse.


 “Hehehe, hihihi, hahaha!”


 When his screaming ended, Tai Bai Yun Sheng started laughing like a maniac.


 His laughter contained the feeling of madness, but also anger and sadness, there was also a trace of mockery towards himself, towards the mortal world.


 “Crazy? He’s crazy!”


 “Elder Tai Bai has gone mad!!”


 The surrounding Hei tribe Gu Masters were shouting in shock.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan was curling his lips and smiling, he was a transmigrator, and had also undergone rebirth, his rich life experience had allowed him to grasp the psychology of people to a very precise degree.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a very good person.


 But his subconscious action in the blood hall was akin to betrayal.


 This action created suspicion, doubts, and denial that he felt towards himself in terms of his personal values.


 If a person denied himself, and suspected himself, then he would no doubt fall into a deep abyss of agony.


 Very evidently, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was in great pain, he felt guilt in his heart, almost every night, he was tormented by a similar nightmare.


 For him to accept that he had some kind of despicable and lowly character as a fact, it would be impossible to do so. His entire life revolved around justice and benevolence, he had walked on this road for too long, he wanted to return to it, but he knew that in the deepest part of his heart, this action formed a barrier that he could not cross.


 He was stuck in the abyss of agony, sinking deeper and deeper the more he struggled.


 The tribe leaders’ request towards him was a chance that he had towards salvation, and a redemption for his mistakes.


 If he could really succeed, it was undeniably the best medicine for him to pay for his sins, and he would be able to forgive himself.


 But the truth was, Hei Lou Lan ordered a mass slaughter, not leaving even a single woman or child behind. This in turn caused Tai Bai Yun Sheng to become the biggest assistant in this murder spree.


 His medicine turned into a heart piercing poison, the intense toxins caused him to lose himself, his mental state was close to breaking down.


 At this juncture, Fang Yuan pushed him lightly, finally causing Tai Bai Yun Sheng to explode, breaking from the deepest part of his heart.


 Perhaps only Fang Yuan could understand him at this point.


 To put it in another way, after searching through his soul, Fang Yuan, who had seen Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s entire life, could be said to know him intimately.


 But the cruel reality was, this person was not his kin or his friend, he was an enemy plotting against him.


 Fang Yuan, who was hidden in the darkness listening to Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s laughter, looked on with an expression of appreciation, smiling lightly.


 This was a respectable and pitiful old man, he screamed his lungs out, in his laughter, on his face full of tears, he was questioning himself, he was questioning the cruelty of this mortal world, fate was toying with him and he was helpless to resist.


 “If you deny even yourself, what can you do?” Fang Yuan muttered lightly, his gaze was as deep as night.


 “Go to the blood hall again and try to challenge the round? No, if you are there, your mind will be full of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai’s images. Go seek help? Who can help you now? Hei Lou Lan? It can be assumed that you have just fallen out with him. Or rather, even if you manage to get the lifespan Gu, will you be able to use it with peace of mind?”


 “Hehe, the current you, what options do you possibly have? What choices can you still make? Denying yourself, wallowing in self pity, feeling intense pain and grief, you, a person who is facing a trial of your conscience, what option do you have?”


 In Fang Yuan’s heart, an answer was becoming clearer.


 “Thus, go ahead and make your decision, I hope you will not let me down!” In the darkness, Fang Yuan’s gaze was shining as he looked at the crazy Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was laughing wildly, his voice was bitter like he was wailing.


 He tore his clothes, as tears and mucus were mixing on his face, he did not have the demeanour of a rank five peak state expert at this point.


 He was someone who feared death, but he was also a good person who was pushed into a corner by this cruel and ice cold mortal world.


 In truth, he was more like a —


 Pitiful person.


 Since some time ago, a mild wind had started blowing.


 The wind gradually grew bigger and bigger, as clouds were forming in the sky.


 With Tai Bai Yun Sheng as the center, the surroundings were quietly and rapidly transforming


 Some sort of mystical change had started, heaven and earth were beginning to tremble.


 “You did not disappoint me in the end...” Fang Yuan was extremely excited, he took his leave and vanished without a trace.


 He rapidly travelled far away, retreating.


 Because...


 It was no joke when a Gu Master advances into an immortal.


 Soon, the wind and clouds went wild, as heaven and earth changed!


 The dark and thick black clouds looked like they were about to collapse at any time, destroying the sacred palace.


 In and out of the sacred palace, shouting could be heard everywhere.


 “What is going on?”


 “What in the world is happening?!”


 Countless people did not know what was happening, they fell into a panic.


 “This... could it be?!” Some people with greater knowledge and experience stared at this grand scene with a dumbfounded expression.


 “Go investigate, go investigate! Who is it?!” In the hall, Hei Lou Lan was furiously screaming.


 “Lord, it is Tai Bai Yun Sheng!” Hei Shu was full of sweat as he stumbled his way into the hall and reported this.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression froze, he was as still as a statue for a moment.


 A few breaths later, he reacted and shouted with a twisted expression: “Retreat! Order everyone to leave the sacred palace. Of course, those who wish to die can stay here!”



***
Chapter 606 - Awakening


***





 Chapter 606: Awakening


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The sky turned dark and gloomy, and the wind howled.


 A formless heavenly power slowly lifted Tai Bai Yun Sheng into the air.


 He laughed maniacally, his white beard fluttering in the wind. There were no signs of the usual warmth and benevolence on his face, it was replaced by a crazed and distorted look.


 Everyone in the sacred palace was in panic; Gu Masters fled in a hurry, forming a huge stream of people that was fleeing for life towards the outside.


 Only after running an immense distance, did the crowd anxiously stop.


 Expert Gu Masters moved toward the peaks of hills or directly flew to the sky, and used investigative Gu worms to observe the scene above the sacred palace with different thoughts going through their minds.


 Other Gu Masters also raised their heads to gaze at the floating Tai Bai Yun Sheng with looks of respect, reverence, affection, worry, envy and so on.


 The news of Tai Bai Yun Sheng advancing to Gu Immortal had already spread amongst everyone.


 Advancing to Gu Immortal!


 This was something that most people would not experience in their whole life, and unexpectedly it was happening before everyone’s eyes at this very moment.


 “Inconceivable, Tai Bai Yun Sheng has yet to use any Gu worms but he actually caused such a change in weather!” Looking at the surging clouds and hearing the raging winds, many Gu Masters shouted out in surprise.


 Soon the surprised voices surged into a commotion.


 Because it was not only the weather that had changed, even the ground under their feet was beginning to shake.


 At first, it was only a negligible tremor, but soon vast smoke and dust started to rise from the ground.


 “This is the turbulence of earth qi!”


 “According to the records in the tribe, Gu Masters have to first break their aperture to advance to Gu Immortal! After breaking their aperture, they can attract heaven qi and earth qi!”


 Ye Lui Sang, Hei Lou Lan and some others were from super tribes, and knew a lot more than normal people. At this moment, shock could clearly be seen in their eyes.


 The first step in advancing to Gu Immortal was breaking the aperture.


 Using primeval essence in an all-out assault to completely shatter one’s own aperture. Like this, the sealed aperture that was covered by the crystal wall would turn into a hole in the Gu Master’s body.


 “Just this first step needs extremely great courage. Because there is no turning back after shattering the aperture.” Gu tribe leader Gu Guo Long said with a sigh.


 “Advancement to a Gu Immortal is extremely difficult, with miniscule chances of success! Tai Bai Yun Sheng is too courageous, actually daring to take this step. He truly leaves us in admiration.” Nie tribe leader Nie Ya Qing was deeply moved.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression was complex.


 He knew some inside details, a part of the reason why Tai Bai Yun Sheng was advancing to Gu Immortal was probably due to his actions.


 “I was the one who provoked Tai Bai Yun Sheng, leading to him choosing to take the risk to advance in his crumbling mental state. This is good, although I learnt about immortal ascension from records, I really want to personally observe it. Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s advancement into Gu Immortal will provide a great reference and be helpful to me. It is just that... so be it if he fails, but if he really successfully advances into a Gu Immortal, how should I treat him?”


 Hei Lou Lan immediately frowned at this thought, feeling a headache.


 Fang Yuan observed the scene while sitting on a back of an azure wolf king, surrounded by an azure wolf group.


 “Advancement to Gu Immortal...” His dark gaze had excitement and also showed an expression of recalling the past.


 He again used luck inspection Gu to examine Tai Bai Yun Sheng, the luck on him was now like a raging wildfire, originally it had been like flames with a growing red glow. Now, it was even more flourishing, blazing like an inferno!


 “His luck is blazing, he had successfully advanced into a Gu Immortal in my previous life, that should not be a big problem for him in this life.” Fang Yuan inwardly nodded.


 Unlike Hei Lou Lan with his doubts and hesitation, Fang Yuan already had a plan to face the Gu Immortal Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 He tried to look once more, but the luck inspection Gu actually suffered injuries from the extreme pressure.


 His own eyes also felt a burning pain.


 Fang Yuan immediately stopped the activation, not surprised at all.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already broken his aperture, attracting heaven and earth qi in a huge surrounding range. Using Gu worms in this range will naturally create chain reactions, making the heaven and earth qi surge and trigger a backlash.


 If one was stubborn and forcibly activated their Gu, even an Immortal Gu would be injured and might even die, not to mention mere mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan had not considered using Gu worms at this time to plot against Tai Bai Yun Sheng because of this reason.


 If he rashly made a move in this period, he himself might be implicated.


 In an instant, the dark clouds in the sky surged, and together took the shape of a giant vortex.


 In response to this, yellow-brown dust churned endlessly on the ground, creating a vortex that resembled the formation of a loophole.


 “This Tai Bai Yun Sheng has deep foundation and accumulation, his human qi is so majestic, actually attracting so much heaven and earth qi! This scene is actually more spectacular than when my tribe’s supreme elder advanced.” Ye Lui Sang was endlessly shocked.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had an immortal inheritance and roamed northern plains his whole life, gaining extremely rich experience. By now, he had almost run the course of his entire life, thus his accumulation was incomparably deep.


 The two giant vortexes covered miles of range.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng gazed up and saw the majestic and fierce vortex which looked like a giant beast opening its mouth.


 In comparison, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s body was small, like a tiny insect near a pond.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng still kept on laughing maniacally.


 “Come, come!” He shouted, his body shook with fear and excitement, but also relief. Even if he failed, he would at least be freed from this nightmare.


 Seemingly hearing his shout, the brewing vortex began to slowly rotate.


 In the sky and on the ground, two giant vortexes rotated like a millstone.


 Lightning flashed in the dark and cloudy vortex in the sky, with the thunder rumbling repeatedly. On the ground, the dusty vortex caused purple smoke to ascend with violent explosive sounds.


 Like grinding stone, the dark and cloudy millstone sprinkled down a clear and bright aura. While from the dusty one below, rose a golden aura.


 They were heaven qi and earth qi!


 Heaven qi was clear and moved freely; earth qi was profound and dense.


 And Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s body released a white human qi.


 This human qi was extremely dense and like a cocoon, it formed a large sphere that tightly covered Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Heaven qi was raining down while earth qi was bubbling up, both intertwined in the air with human qi.


 Heaven, earth and human, the three qi converged together and began fusing.


 “First step is breaking the aperture, the second step is taking in the qi.” Hei Lou Lan mumbled.


 “Breaking the aperture is a point of no return, the only possibility of survival is in success and failure means certain doom. And taking in qi tests the nature of the Gu Master and their ability to control it. This step is extremely crucial and is like walking between cliffs on a tightrope. If the balance is even a little off such that the human qi is slightly in excess, it will lead to self-detonation! If heaven qi is slightly more, the Gu Master will dissolve into the sky! If earth qi is slightly more dense, the Gu Master will turn into a fossil and suffocate to death! Difficult, truly hard, truly difficult!” Ye Lui Sang lamented while shaking his head, even as a spectator, his heart shook at this sight.


 One can only move forward when they begin the advancement to a Gu Immortal, there is no going back. The danger is extremely high, thus many rank five peak stage Gu Masters, even if they knew the method to advance to a Gu Immortal, would not choose to take the risk unless as a last resort.


 The expert observes the process while the layman simply enjoys the show.


 Most people only watched the sight while bustling with noise and excitement.


 But the few expert Gu Masters who knew the inside details were dripping with sweat, their hearts palpitating with fear from the sight.


 Fang Yuan was the one with the most experience regarding this.


 The process of charging to Gu Immortal realm and becoming a blood path Gu Immortal in his previous life had left behind an extremely deep impression on him.


 “This second step is extremely difficult, it not only tests the Gu Master’s ability to control the balance, what it tests even more than that is the Gu Master’s nature.” He inwardly sighed.


 Heaven qi and earth qi attacked the body, and the three qi converged; this was the process of a mortal blending with heaven and earth.


 An ordinary person would never have such a moment where they are this intimately close to heaven and earth.


 Heaven and earth were the cornerstones to nurture all living beings, the resonance between heaven qi and earth qi would fill the Gu Master’s mind with the wonders of the Great Dao.


 Experiencing the Great Dao was an extremely rare opportunity and the Gu Master could easily lose themselves in it, not being able to extricate themselves. This could very easily lead to an imbalance between the three qi.


 Even more crucially —


 The higher the amount of heaven qi and earth qi taken in, the higher the chance of advancing to a Gu Immortal. At this crucial time, the Gu Master would often get greedy and take in too much heaven qi and earth qi, leading to an imbalance between the three qi and perishing.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not disappoint Fang Yuan, he persevered and stabilized the situation, controlling the three qi perfectly and progressing slowly.


 “This Tai Bai Yun Sheng probably received an expert’s guidance!”


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng actually accomplished it, the second step could not stump him at all. This man really is not simple...”


 “We need to keep on watching. Being able to do it now does not mean he can maintain the state until the end.”


 Hei Lou Lan and Ye Lui Sang were feeling bewildered.


 Rumble!


 Right at this time, a change occurred.


 As the aurora in the sky shook, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building experienced intense tremors. As its cornerstone, the sacred palace started shaking as well, dust rose and many beautiful courtyards collapsed.


 “What is going on?”


 “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!”


 Everyone shifted their gazes in shock.


 “Hmph, it is here.” Fang Yuan sneered, but was well aware of this.


 Inside the True Yang Building, the land spirit was furious!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng advancing to a Gu Immortal meant he was taking in heaven qi and earth qi. But this world was not the outside world of northern plains, but was Imperial Court blessed land, a small world of its own.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was using up this small world’s heaven qi and earth qi which was akin to weakening Imperial Court blessed land and was basically extracting the source of the land spirit’s strength.


 Could the land spirit not be angry?


 It had been imprisoned for countless years and now finally had the hope of obtaining freedom.


 Although it was formed from an obsession and did not know how to tell lies, but it had intelligence and understood the strategy of concealing itself.


 The land spirit had originally planned to restrain itself, fearing Giant Sun’s will. It would wait till Gruel Mud had corroded the shackles on it to a certain degree before it broke out in one violent move.


 But now that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was charging into Gu Immortal realm, he was not only extracting the strength of the land spirit, but was sure to awaken Giant Sun’s will! The land spirit would then have all its hopes dashed.


 Even more likely, it would be forcibly suppressed by Giant Sun’s will again.


 With no choice, it could only make a quick decision and take advantage of Giant Sun’s will still being in hibernation at the moment, to resist and avoid giving Giant Sun’s will time to be prepared!


 Thus, everyone looked on as the True Yang Building shook, bringing destruction to the fish in the ponds as many structures in the sacred palace collapsed.


 In the True Yang Building, the land spirit Frost Jade Peacock let out a loud cry.


 Its attack was extremely effective as the green paste covering its body immediately melted until below its neck and five to six black chains on its body also broke!


 “Huh?”


 A light mumble, as if just waking up from a dream, echoed out from the depths of the True Yang Building.


 “Who has such guts to awaken me from my slumber?” From the infinite and eerie darkness, a giant will resembling the sun slowly woke up.


 It was originally only a small glimmer, but soon brightened up to the extent that it could pierce through ten layers of the underworld, sweeping past every corner of the True Yang Building.


 Fang Yuan’s will that had refined the guest halt stele simply could not defend itself and was immediately wiped out. The glass owner token he held also started becoming boiling hot!



***
Chapter 607 - Ambushing Giant Sun’s will


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 A will blazing like the sun passed through the glass owner token and attacked Fang Yuan’s mind.


 The will was like a golden flood as it rampaged directly into Fang Yuan’s brain!


 Will was formed from large numbers of specific thoughts, if Giant Sun’s will was allowed to erode his mind, Fang Yuan could very likely turn into a demented amnesiac.


 “This is bad! Quickly throw away that damned owner token!!” Mo Yao’s will appeared in his mind, and screamed.


 She was the will of a Gu Immortal who had reached rank seven before death; her background knowledge of will was much deeper than Fang Yuan’s.


 Her own gains and losses were linked to Fang Yuan, like two locusts tied with a thread.


 The mind was a vital place, Fang Yuan would not want to start a battle in there.


 “No need to worry.” he sneered. He was already prepared so he was not concerned, soon activating the special will Gu.


 The special will Gu received the primeval essence and directly flashed into Fang Yuan’s mind, blocking the will of Giant Sun.


 The golden-like will came to an abrupt stop, completely halted by special will Gu!


 The special will Gu then burst out with a strong absorption force, devouring Giant Sun’s will unceasingly. The small will swallowed the big will, as if an ant swallowing an elephant, but Giant Sun’s will had no ability to resist.


 “This is...” Mo Yao’s will was stumped for a while before coming to a realization, “So Giant Sun’s will was a special will!”


 Wisdom path had developed for a long time since its start at the Remote Antiquity Era, continuing to this day.


 Will was classified under wisdom path and naturally the contents regarding it were plentiful. Not only was will divided into many types, there were also all sorts of effects.


 Back when Fang Yuan had just ventured into it, he had already bought many wisdom path Gu worms. For example, special will Gu, deliberate will Gu, play will Gu, keep will Gu and new will Gu which were specially used to condense special will, deliberate will, play will, keep will and new will.


 These five types of will had their advantages and disadvantages, requiring the Gu Master themselves to choose the appropriate will according to the situation.


 Among them, special will could be arranged in advance and automatically trigger under special conditions.


 To explain this in a simple fashion, let’s take a rat trap as an example. When a rat comes in contact with the trap (fulfilling the special condition), the rat trap will then activate, trapping the rat (the prior setup is triggered, activating the trap).


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable considered dangerous situations occurring in the future, and for the benefit of his descendants, he chose to use the most suitable special will Gu to create a will of himself and placed it in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 As long as the danger reached a certain degree, the special condition would be fulfilled and the special will would trigger Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s prior setup. As for what the activation requirement of this prior setup was, outsiders did not know. Even Fang Yuan who had been reborn was not clear about it.


 But from the video clips in his previous life, he knew Giant Sun’s will was a special will.


 Knowing this made it easier for Fang Yuan.


 Giant Sun’s will was an Immortal Venerable’s will, but it must also follow the laws and Great Dao of the world. The will was condensed by a Gu worm, and similarly could be subdued by the corresponding Gu worm.


 Thus, Giant Sun’s special will was greatly restrained by special will Gu. Within Fang Yuan’s mind, Giant Sun’s will had yet to show its might before it was swallowed by Fang Yuan’s special will Gu.


 After swallowing this will of Giant Sun, special will Gu’s belly immediately bulged like a fatty who had stuffed himself to the limit.


 “Haha, what a great will.” Fang Yuan praised it but was inwardly shocked, ‘That was dangerous! Although it was restrained, it was after all an Immortal Venerable’s will. Even if it was only a strand, it was really not easy to deal with!”


 The glass owner token was a part of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Giant Sun’s will attacked Fang Yuan through this owner token. But if the owner token was compared to a passage, this passage was way too small and could only allow a strand of Giant Sun’s will to pass.


 If the passage was just a bit bigger, the situation would be completely different.


 This strand of will that special will Gu had eaten was simply negligible compared to the Giant Sun’s will in True Yang Building.


 Falling prey to Fang Yuan’s small scheme, Giant Sun’s will could not contain its anger: “Swindler, you dared profane my, Giant Sun’s, honor! I will crush you to pieces!”


 Rumble!


 True Yang Building started shaking, giving off all kinds of lights which infused the sky, a peerless power seemed to manifest, shaking heaven and earth.


 Even though Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had already died and was unable to mobilize Eighty-Eight True Yang Building using just his will, but within Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had left behind a large amount of rank nine yellow apricot immortal essence!


 Wild Gu could directly absorb the primeval essence in the air, but would lose this ability when they are refined and have to absorb the Gu Master’s primeval essence.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was an Immortal Gu House and was under the command of Giant Sun’s will, it could activate by absorbing the immortal essence left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable; it was extremely simple and easy, as if it was natural!


 “Run!” Looking at Eighty-Eight True Yang Building about to show its power, Mo Yao’s will anxiously warned Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was a despicable thief who had refined a part of True Yang Building, and now that Giant Sun’s will had awakened, it classified him as an enemy.


 Fang Yuan did not have Giant Sun’s bloodline, this enmity was too big, Fang Yuan was directly marked down and an unprecedented killing intent was about to befall upon him!


 “There’s no hurry.” Calamity was coming right for him, but Fang Yuan appeared indifferent and relaxed.


 He tightly held the glass owner token.


 This particular token was not simple!


 It was a product created by expending an Immortal Gu using an owner token as the base. It was a crucial key for which central continent’s Gu Immortals and several large forces had prepared with meticulous care over thousands of years.


 “Still causing trouble after death, hmph, what era are we living in now!” Fang Yuan snorted and with no fear sent a thought through the glass owner token, launching an ambush.


 True Yang Building shook intensely, the aurora that filled the sky instantly collapsed by over half. The phantom image that appeared when condensing the floors was like a candle in front of a great wind, as it collapsed and dissipated.


 Everything came to an abrupt stop.


 In True Yang Building, Giant Sun’s will let out a frightening and furious howl as it was besieged and attacked by countless special will Gu.


 These special will Gu were the preparation of central continent’s Gu Immortals which had been accumulated for thousands of years, a trump card specially arranged to deal with Giant Sun’s will.


 Giant Sun’s will’s weakness was thoroughly targeted, like a sheep surrounded by a pack of wolves.


 It had immediately wanted to activate Gu worms to massacre these special will Gu.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was an Immortal Gu House, a solidified killer move formed from many Immortal Gu and mortal Gu. Naturally, it had methods to clean up the enemies.


 But central continent’s Gu Immortals had researched deeply and already calculated this.


 Coordinating with special will Gu’s attack were other shocking methods, actually sealing all of the yellow apricot immortal essence Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind.


 True Yang Building was not able to move without the immortal essence and immediately stopped all actions. Even though Giant Sun’s will was seething with rage, it did not have any method to instantly resolve this, thus landing in a predicament.


 True Yang Building sank into deathly stillness as Fang Yuan put his mind at rest.


 In his previous life, central continent’s Gu Immortals relied on this method to slay Giant Sun’s will and destroy Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 “A pity I am still a mortal and not a Gu Immortal, there is no way for me to reap profits from this.” Fang Yuan felt a slight regret.


 This was Giant Sun’s will, even at its weakest moment, it was not something he could meddle with.


 In truth, even if he advanced into a Gu Immortal, with just one Gu Immortal’s battle strength, the result would not be good. When the central continent Gu Immortals attacked Imperial Court blessed land, they had altogether eleven Gu Immortals, each of them an elite expert, but even then only three were able to return in triumph.


 However, the sacrifices were worth it as they received rich battle spoils.


 True Yang Building was a spiritual symbol of northern plains and when it was suddenly destroyed, the whole of northern plains suffered heavy impact, their morale fell to the abyss and they were forced into retreat continually in battles. If not for the Gu Immortal Ma Hong Yun who repeatedly playing a vital role as a pillar during the most crucial times, northern plains would have already been annexed by central continent.


 As for the current Fang Yuan, he was safe for at least a period of time.


 “What happened to True Yang Building just now?”


 “Could it be the influence of Tai Bai Yun Sheng advancing to a Gu Immortal was too big and even Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was affected?”


 “Imperial Court blessed land prohibits the entry of Gu Immortals, advancing to a Gu Immortal here like Tai Bai Yun Sheng is an extremely rare event. Does this violate the arrangements made by old ancestor Giant Sun back then?”


 True Yang Building’s abnormal changes caused this crowd of people who did not know the truth to be bewildered and start making guesses.


 True Yang Building fell into a deathly stillness and did not show any movement for the moment. Soon, everyone’s gazes were attracted towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng again.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was floating in between the sky and the ground, continually taking in heaven qi and earth qi, combining them with his own human qi.


 The balanced three qi were pouring into the space where his aperture had once been.


 An extremely mysterious transformation was happening to his body.


 Whether it was his physical body or soul, they were both being tempered by heaven and earth qi. The essence of his life itself was elevating to a higher level.


 There were three steps in advancing to a Gu Immortal; the first was breaking the aperture, the second was taking in the qi.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had an intact Gu Immortal inheritance and thus had a clear understanding of the key concerns in the process. So far, he was able to stabilize with no major hindrances.


 But how could advancing to a Gu Immortal only have these obstacles?


 Compared to the majestic heaven qi and the vast earth qi, human qi originated from only Tai Bai Yun Sheng himself.


 Thus, there were endless amounts of heaven qi and earth qi, but human qi was limited in quantity.


 The three qi needed to be in balance, there was no way to take in the surplus heaven qi and earth qi, so they were excluded and left to the side.


 As time passed, these heaven and earth qi accumulated in the sky and on the ground, gathering and condensing, the sheer quantity causing a qualitative change.


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng had too deep of an accumulation, he was able to draw in so much heaven and earth qi. Now the extra heaven and earth qi are condensing into calamity and tribulation!” Ye Lui Sang’s eyes flashed with burning light.


 The deeper the accumulation of the Gu Master, the greater the difficulty in advancing to a Gu Immortal. But if they succeeded, their potential future accomplishment would be that much higher.


 The risk and profits in this were directly proportional.


 Hei Lou Lan watched on tightly without saying a word, putting all his effort in observing and gaining reference.


 Heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, how did they form?


 The scene in front of them was displaying the whole process before everyone’s eyes.


 Golden earth qi continued to become denser and the turbid qi condensed into shape, gradually forming a one-horned great tiger. And the green heaven qi condensed into countless giant green willow leaves. Every willow leaf was the size of a boat.


 The one-horned great tiger was as large as a hill; it raised its head while crouching down, taking a jumping posture.


 The green willow leaves swayed as they spread in the sky, ready to strike.


 “This is the earthly calamity lofty tiger and the heavenly tribulation willow wind!” Fang Yuan’s gaze flashed with a sharp light.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng stopped his crazed laughter, a grave expression filling his face.


 The crowd who were so far from all this could feel the endless power of the earthly calamity and the heavenly tribulation, then what about Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was at the center of this, the target of the earthly calamity and the heavenly tribulation?


 The spectating crowd was silent, the atmosphere turning heavy.


 Imperial Court land spirit, however, laughed loudly: “The opportunity to break free from my captivity has appeared!”



***
Chapter 608 - Giant Sun’s retaliation


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Inside True Yang Building.


 The land spirit was using all of its strength to attack the seal on it.


 Bang bang bang!


 Three soft explosive sounds could be heard consecutively, as three black chains binding it were broken.


 The green paste on it had thoroughly melted from its neck and even to the tips of its two wings, revealing the bright and lively feathers.


 “Little sparrow, you dare!” Giant Sun’s will was bursting with fury.


 “Giant Sun, despite being dead, you actually still imprisoned me for hundreds of thousands of years. Today, I will definitely break out of your damn cage!” Frost Jade Peacock let out a shrill scream, similarly furious.


 Trapped for so many years, unable to even budge, the suffocation and indignance from being in captivity turned into the strength needed to break its seal.


 Giant Sun’s will gave a deep shout, the sun like will suddenly flared up, rushing in all directions like a majestic golden flood.


 Ten thousand special will Gu were already surrounding him in layers after layers. They were like a dam blocking the flood, which was Giant Sun’s will.


 Giant Sun’s special will was completely restrained by the special will Gu. The whole dam held tight without any cracks, but the situation only lasted for a few breaths of time; the special will Gu had already been swallowing Giant Sun’s special will to the limit and started to burst one by one.


 Several breaths later, the ‘dam’ formed by the special will Gu trembled, broke down and shattered apart!


 Giant Sun’s special will might have been subdued but the size of it was extremely large, having originated from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Even after the wear and tear of over hundreds of thousands of years, this was still not something ten thousand special will Gu could suppress.


 Restraint was relative.


 Water could extinguish fire, but if the fire was fierce enough, it could directly evaporate the water pouring on it.


 Giant Sun’s will that was like a sun was extremely grand and large, although there was a lot of consumption when he attacked special will Gu, it was still able to destroy the ten thousand special will Gu in the end.


 Without the besiegement of special will Gu, Giant Sun’s will was like a tied up prisoner who had broken out of the shackles, and immediately tried to control True Yang Building.


 But the next moment, a full fifty thousand special will Gu rushed out and gathered again, forming a new encirclement!


 Central continent’s Gu Immortals had researched very deeply and would never underestimate Giant Sun’s will, thus they had made sufficient preparations. Special will Gu was not an Immortal Gu, its quantity could be piled up.


 Giant Sun’s will who had just obtained freedom was again sealed off, letting out a furious roar.


 He started attacking again, his momentum as vast as a rapidly flowing river, breaking apart the encirclement of special will Gu.


 But soon, the third wave of special will Gu surrounded it. The quantity was even more this time, reaching over a hundred thousand!


 Central continent’s Gu Immortals had spent thousands of years for this; several great super forces had joined hands making large purchases, refining Gu non-stop, and spending an astronomical amount of Gu refinement resources.


 They had paid such an astonishing price and now they were all being used by Fang Yuan, displaying extraordinary effects.


 Being trapped once again, Giant Sun’s will did not shout or roar.


 Giant Sun’s will was the will of an Immortal Venerable and knew how to think.


 When he realized he had fallen into a scheme and the enemy side had made sufficient preparations, he became calm again.


 He began to think and soon discovered a flaw in the encirclement!


 Although Giant Sun’s will was surrounded tightly in all directions by special will Gu with no area neglected, this did not signify there was no flaw in this encirclement.


 These special will Gu were refined by Gu Immortals and refined Gu worms were unable to directly absorb the primeval essence from their surroundings, and there was no supply of primeval essence for them in here.


 Then, where did the primeval essence used to activate these special will Gu come from?


 There were so many special will Gu, and there could even be more, their primeval essence requirement would be gigantic. Giant Sun’s will slightly thought over it and realized — what these special will Gu absorbed was not primeval essence but immortal essence!


 A bead of the lowest grade rank six green grape immortal essence could convert to what was practically an almost unlimited amount of primeval essence!


 Immortal essence was the source of fuel for these special will Gu.


 And these immortal essence were concealed very well; clearly, there were other supporting Gu worms coordinating with special will Gu to form an enormous and hidden Gu formation.


 “So long as I break their connection with the immortal essence, these special will Gu would not be of much threat.” Giant Sun’s will soon thought of this method.


 However, to break the connection between the special will Gu and the immortal essence, he had to fully grasp this Gu formation first.


 Just like how central continent Gu Immortals sealed all the yellow apricot immortal essence left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to suppress Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Giant Sun’s will also had a similar idea.


 On the spot, Giant Sun’s will thought rapidly and soon found over ten clues.


 Following these clues and making deductions, the vague structure of the Gu formation began to gradually become clearer.


 The land spirit naturally would not sit and wait for its death.


 When it had sensed Giant Sun’s will being suppressed, it mustered all its strength to break the seals on it.


 Gruel Mud had terrifying effectiveness against these seals; the green paste on its body was full of cracks and the edges were rapidly melting down. The black shackles on its wings once again consecutively collapsed and four broke apart.


 The land spirit, Frost Jade Peacock, gave a shrill cry, its whole body shook intensely, shaking away most of the green paste on its two wings, shortly afterwards it impatiently unfolded them.


 Cold aura permeated out from all over its spotlessly white body as it raised its head high, appearing noble and beautiful. But it had yet to completely unfold its large wings when they were tightly pulled in by the black chains.


 Its movement came to a sudden stop, the intense pain making it even more furious.


 Although there were only three chains left, they still tightly shackled its freedom.


 “Break them!” Frost Jade Peacock suddenly turned around its elegant neck, its sharp brows flickering with terrifying cold light.


 “Damn it!” Giant Sun’s will who had been thinking intensely, could not help but stop his thoughts as he sensed this situation.


 If the land spirit broke his control, then Eighty-Eight True Yang Building could be thrown out from Imperial Court blessed land at any time.


 Without Imperial Court blessed land’s protection, countless Gu Immortals would start rushing over to loot True Yang Building.


 At that time, it would be the case of an army of ants devouring an elephant; even more yellow apricot immortal essence would not be able to stop the consumption from the dauntless advance of countless Gu Immortals.


 But Giant Sun’s will was powerless to stop the land spirit at this moment.


 He had been making several probing attacks while thinking at the same time, and although there were some results and he was able to recover some methods, they were still very limited and were not enough to suppress the situation.


 ......


 At this moment, outside the True Yang Building....


 Roar!


 Lofty tiger roared and jumped.


 The world trembled as the hill sized lofty tiger jumped into the air. Its enormous and malevolent tiger claws slammed towards the insignificant insect-like Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng gave a light shout as he dodged quickly!


 The tiger claws could not strike him, but the huge wind force from it was still able to make Tai Bai Yun Sheng feel uncomfortable.


 At the same time, the willow winds in the sky fluttered down.


 These willow winds were as large as a canoe, and their descent was graceful, resembling falling leaves. But the movement that felt slow was actually fast, and the destructive power contained within them was terrifying.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was bathed with blood, paying close attention to the movements of the willow winds. Previously, he had carelessly come into contact with three willow winds, but just that had already destroyed all the defensive Gu on him.


 Right now, when he saw the willow winds falling down, he quickly evaded them.


 From the earth, the malevolent tiger pounced up; while from the sky, the willow winds fluttered down one after another. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was already finding it difficult to continue after a while, he was in a sorry state and was facing the danger of losing his life.


 “Sigh, it bodes ill for Tai Bai Yun Sheng!”


 “His accumulation is very robust, but he has not made sufficient preparations to advance to Gu Immortal.”


 “Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng, you can do it!”


 Even Fang Yuan could not help but feel nervous at this scene: “Is Tai Bai Yun Sheng going to fail in advancing to a Gu Immortal in this life?”


 He suddenly had a thought and disregarding the backlash, forcibly activated luck inspection Gu. But the luck on Tai Bai Yun Sheng was still burning and raging like boiling water, and was still blooming.


 But the next moment, a quarter of this flaming luck had suddenly dissipated!


 “What’s going on?” It was the first time Fang Yuan was seeing such a change in luck.


 And right at this time, a light pillar suddenly erupted from True Yang Building.


 The light pillar that was as thick as an ancient tree, charged straight to the sky.


 The willow winds were pierced through by this light pillar, immediately crumbling apart and turning back into clear heaven qi, pure and warm.


 The light pillar swept through repeatedly, shattering most of the willow winds in the sky, before shooting towards the lofty tiger. The lofty tiger dodged while howling in grief, but the light pillar followed it like a shadow, impossible to avoid!


 The earthly calamity lofty tiger continued to decrease in size the more the light pillar touched it, till it vanished into thin air!


 “What’s going on?” Everyone was shocked.


 “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building has made a move! Old ancestor protected lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng!!” Many people cheered.


 But there were also some who scoffed: “Nonsense, Tai Bai Yun Sheng does not have Giant Sun’s bloodline, why would old ancestor protect him?”


 “This! Could it be the workings of the rumored divert disaster Gu?” Ye Lui Sang was endlessly shocked.


 Hei Lou Lan was even more excited: “The luck path’s divert disaster Gu can divert heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, greatly reducing their might, even directly obliterating them! If I can obtain this Immortal Gu...”


 Divert disaster Gu was one of the cornerstones of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. It was also one of the limited methods Giant Sun’s will could mobilize currently.


 Giant Sun’s will’s actions did not stop at this.


 He had forcibly extracted a trace of yellow apricot immortal essence by rampaging multiple times. After activating divert disaster Gu, Giant Sun’s will mobilized the human qi Immortal Gu in true inheritance secluded domain.


 Right under Fang Yuan’s sight, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s burning luck aura suddenly decreased by another quarter.


 Human qi Immortal Gu was activated which similarly let out a ray of of white light.


 This white light, however, directly shone on Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Human qi Immortal Gu could increase the Gu Master’s human qi, raising their future potential after advancing to a Gu Immortal. When Tai Bai Yun Sheng obtained its help, the human qi on him instantly inflated by ten times!


 With the increase in human qi, he naturally needed even more heaven qi and earth qi.


 However, heaven qi and earth qi were drawn out of Imperial Court blessed land.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed heartily, True Yang Building’s help had been out of his expectations, but he still quickly accepted it and absorbed large amounts of heaven qi and earth qi, merging the three elements into one; not only averting danger, his potential had also greatly increased, and his future prospects had turned much better!


 The land spirit Frost Jade Peacock gave a shrill, furious cry.


 Heaven qi and earth qi were extracted in large amounts, causing an intense feeling of weakness to fill its body.


 “Little sparrow, you are still too green.” Giant Sun’s will snorted, he had used all the immortal essence he was able to extract on the most crucial area, acquiring the greatest results, greatly relieving the dangerous situation.


 Giant Sun’s will was after all a will that originated from an Immortal Venerable, its wisdom was extremely high.


 The situation had turned around quickly now and it was advantageous to Giant Sun’s will.


 The weakening of the land spirit gave Giant Sun’s will plenty of time to grasp the Gu formation of the special will Gu surrounding him. Once Giant Sun’s will breaks apart this encirclement, he would regain control of the situation, and it would be extremely easy for him to undo the seal on the immortal essence then.


 As long as the seal on the immortal essence was broken, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would be able to display the supreme might of a rank eight Gu House in all its glory!


 “This is bad, I still underestimated an Immortal Venerable’s will. I have less than half the expected time left.” Fang Yuan was able to understand the situation in True Yang Building through the glass owner token.


 His heart sank: “Now, I can only put my hopes in Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Hopefully, he can quickly become a Gu Immortal and refine landscape as before Gu...”


 ChibiGeneral ChibiGeneral Hopefully he dies immediately after 🙂



***
Chapter 609 - Better to die than not be free


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 At the center of the scene, the three qi were fusing.


 With the help of Giant Sun’s will, the thick qi flows had almost formed a cocoon around Tai Bai Yun Sheng!


 All his injuries were long gone without any trace, his body, soul and consciousness were all being refined to a higher level.


 He looked back on his life, the scenes of the past quickly flashing through his mind.


 The mysteries of the Great Dao circulated in his mind, inspirations came to him without pause, he was obtaining perfect solutions for the difficult problems in cultivation that had restrained him in the past.


 At this moment, heaven and earth were like selfless teachers, imparting all their knowledge to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 However, the mysteries of heaven and earth were too vast and profound, the more Tai Bai Yun Sheng knew, the more he realized his minuteness.


 He had no choice but to focus on his time path, refining and developing his knowledge.


 His understanding towards time path reached the peak of his lifetime!


 Inspiration from nature!


 Man is the spirit of all livings beings, Gu is the essence of heaven and earth. Gu Masters used Gu, refined Gu and raised Gu; this was actually an unending process of learning, exploring and studying the world.


 In the process of advancing to a Gu Immortal, a Gu Master need not use Gu worms to indirectly understand the world, instead it was a direct interaction with heaven and earth.


 This was probably the only chance in one’s whole life before becoming a Gu Immortal to have such a precious opportunity.


 Rank five peak stage was the finishing line of mortal Gu Masters. But rank six Gu Immortals were beyond mortal, becoming a Gu Immortal was only a new starting point.


 At this crucial starting point, every Gu Immortal’s future achievements would be different depending on the potential they accumulated.


 “Such a beautiful experience, but my human qi is not sufficient...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng wished to continue immersing himself in this feeling but could not do so, a regretful expression appearing on his face.


 His human qi was already nearly exhausted, and this was after obtaining the help of human qi Immortal Gu, otherwise the time would have been even shorter.


 The qi cocoon dispersed and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s silhouette was revealed again.


 The three qi had merged and shrunk down to a mass of tri-colored primordial qi, condensed into where Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s aperture had originally been.


 This step signified the completion of the second step in advancing to a Gu Immortal, receiving qi.


 Next was the final step of becoming a Gu Immortal — releasing Gu!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was being extremely serious, as he took out river as before, mountain as before and man as before Gu.


 These three Gu were his core Gu worms and he was exceedingly familiar with them. Moreover, man as before Gu was even his vital Gu.


 “Finally, the most crucial moment...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng first sent his vital Gu to the mass of tri-colored primordial qi in his body.


 BOOM!


 All of a sudden, a mystical sound like that of thunder storm echoed in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s ears, causing his whole body to intensely shake.


 The tri-colored mass of qi was originally merged together and constantly flowing in circulation. But after Man As Before intruded in, it was like it had ignited an explosive; the primordial qi mass immediately exploded loudly.


 There can be no creation without destruction, in death there is new life!


 This moment was when a mortal could ascend to a Gu Immortal!


 The explosive sound was truly mystical, exploding out the marvels of life, exploding out a whole new world!


 The mortal aperture was broken, an immortal aperture was being formed!


 The immortal aperture was like a small world; the sky was azure like crystals and the ground was a desolate wilderness filled with yellow stones.


 It was like a newborn baby and intensely demanded nourishment, erupting at the outside world with an extremely strong force of suction and absorption.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh....


 Heaven qi and earth qi madly poured into Tai Bai Yun Sheng, flowing non-stop into the immortal aperture.


 In the immortal aperture, the ground quickly expanded; two thirds of a thousand square kilometres, four thirds of a thousand, two thousand square kilometres...


 And time flow also rose from the one to one ratio to one to ten, one to twenty....


 The immortal aperture was gradually starting to become unstable from the mad flow of qi.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng then sent in River As Before and Mountain As Before, stabilizing the situation.


 The immortal aperture was expanding continually, and a tributary of the river of time flowed in the darkness, causing the time flow to increase steadily.


 Time passed, Tai Bai Yun Sheng kept on placing Gu worms to maintain the stability of the immortal aperture.


 Three and one third thousand square kilometres, four thousand, four and two thirds of a thousand!


 One to thirty, one to thirty-one, one to thirty-two, one to thirty three!


 The immortal aperture had reached its extreme at this point, as if it had drunk and eaten to its fill, abruptly stopping its growth.


 But the clear heaven qi was still pouring in from the sky, and golden earth qi was still surging up from the ground.


 At this moment, the immortal aperture absorbed heaven qi and earth qi much slower than before. At first, it was drinking in big gulps, while now it was taking slow sips.


 Heaven and earth qi converged into the immortal aperture, green and golden mists and clouds filled the whole immortal aperture.


 The dense qi flow was brewing beads of immortal essence within.


 They were precisely the green grape immortal essence of a rank six Gu Immortal, thirty six of them in total.


 The tribulation clouds in the sky and the calamity dust in the ground, began to gradually dissipate.


 The mist like heaven qi and earth qi in the immortal aperture, however, had yet to dissipate.


 They condensed around Man As Before, River As Before, Mountain As Before and other Gu worms, causing a dense qi cocoon to form over these Gu worms.


 The two qi mixed; heaven and earth interacted.


 Within the qi cocoons, each Gu worm was beginning to ferment mysterious changes.


 “It is time.” A Gu recipe flashed in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mind.


 This Gu recipe was only a theoretical Gu recipe of an Immortal Gu, it was from the old beggar’s Gu Immortal inheritance.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not guarantee whether this theoretical Gu recipe could succeed.


 But he no longer had another option.


 His lifespan was near its end, about to exhaust completely. After advancing to a Gu Immortal, his senses reached a whole new level, especially the sense regarding time had heightened the most, it was precise to within a single breath.


 This novel sensation did not put him in a cheerful mood for long before he fell into silence, feeling oppressed and even afraid.


 Because he could sense that the time he had was truly not much, just like a small puddle under strong sunshine, with his lifespan being the thin layer of water left in the puddle.


 He had planned to get lifespan Gu but it failed because of Fang Yuan’s secret manipulations. The bloody road he had experienced in reaching the great hall even became a knot in his heart.


 Now, his only hope was in man as before Gu.


 According to what the theoretical Gu recipe showed, when man as before Gu was advanced to rank six, it could be used on oneself.


 “Refine!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng gave a soft shout, countless thoughts emerging in his mind.


 These thoughts formed the theoretical Gu recipe which directly poured into the immortal aperture and then into the thick cocoon covering the man as before Gu.


 These heaven and earth qi were the source of all living beings. As the two interacted, they evolved into all things in heaven and earth.


 These two qi were the origin of all living beings and could replace any Gu refinement materials.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s thoughts were like keys that directed the heaven and earth qi in the proper direction.


 The thoughts entered the cocoon and immediately brought upon a violent change.


 Although it could not be compared to the explosion of the three qi in the first step of releasing Gu, its effect was not small either.


 The qi cocoon erupted with devouring force, swallowing the remaining heaven and earth qi in the immortal aperture without pause.


 Whoosh whoosh whoosh....


 The qi flow surged non-stop, forming a screaming gale.


 Man as before Gu turned into the eye of the storm, large amounts of heaven and earth qi poured into it, turning into Gu refinement resources.


 “This it it, this is it....” Tai Bai Yun Sheng mumbled softly in the air, his tone carried gratification and also expectation.


 After so much effort and risk, he was now finally seeing the hope of success.


 Although the process had been filled with inconceivable events.


 If True Yang Building had not made a move, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was sure to fall in the second step.


 As he thought of this, he glanced at the True Yang Building.


 He was not of Giant Sun’s bloodline, but True Yang Building had actually helped him; this was a fact.


 “Did Giant Sun’s will wake up?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng inwardly guessed. He had a Gu Immortal inheritance, his experience and knowledge were not lacking compared to people like Hei Lou Lan and Ye Lui Sang.


 “Giant Sun Immortal Venerable prohibits the entry of Gu Immortals, I have already violated this taboo by advancing into a Gu Immortal here. So, why would Giant Sun’s will still help me?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was puzzled.


 Even with his plentiful experience, he could not anticipate the things occurring in the True Yang Building.


 Within the True Yang Building, Frost Jade Peacock gave shrill cries, the green paste on its body kept on shaking and bouncing, the iron chains also shook, producing clanking sounds when they collided with each other.


 The powers sealing it were melting down from the corrosion of Gruel Mud.


 But Frost Jade Peacock showed no signs of joy, instead it was filled with fear and anxiety.


 Giant sun’s will, however, laughed brightly: “Little sparrow, your struggle is of no use.”


 Through Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Giant Sun’s will was able to exploit some methods to ingeniously strike the Imperial Court land spirit, weakening its strength at its foundation.


 Despite the powers binding Frost Jade Peacock weakening constantly, Giant Sun’s will had already bought some time.


 He had already seen through most of the special will Gu formation that had besieged him.


 How could an Immortal Venerable’s arrangement be so simple?


 As long as Giant Sun’s will was completely free, he naturally had large numbers of methods to choose from like metal path, water path, fire path and so on, to seal the land spirit again.


 “I have slept for too long, but it doesn’t matter. I will first put this disobedient land spirit in its place, then I shall completely eliminate the minute loopholes in True Yang Building; at that time, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building will once again be like an iron bucket, standing tall for hundreds of thousands of years longer!” Giant Sun’s will’s tone was deep and profound.


 “I won’t let you have your way even if I die!!!” After hearing ‘standing tall for hundreds of thousands of years’, all the hairs on Frost Jade Peacock stood on their ends.


 A land spirit was formed from an obsession and the matter of recognizing the master was not a flexible one. Frost Jade Peacock was distinct in this even from other land spirits; it was incomparably proud and would not yield even a little.


 But Frost Jade Peacock did not struggle anymore, instead it strangely lay down dispiritedly. However, its gaze was still sharp as a knife, filled with hatred completely.


 Giant Sun’s will was stupefied before suddenly realizing something as he shouted in rage: “Little sparrow, you dare to do this!”


 Outside the True Yang Building.


 “The tribulation clouds and calamity dust are gradually dispersing, has Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng succeeded in advancing to a Gu Immortal?” Those who did not know the truth felt excited at this sight.


 “I had never expected Tai Bai Yun Sheng to actually reach the third step! Looking at his appearance, the immortal aperture has already formed. I wonder what grade of blessed land he has formed?” Ye Lui Sang mumbled.


 In advancing to a Gu Immortal, after passing the second step, the Gu Master could form an immortal aperture.


 Immortal apertures of rank six and rank seven Gu Immortals were blessed lands; rank eight and rank nine Gu Immortal apertures were grotto-heavens!


 “Blessed lands are divided into three grades, corresponding to large, medium, and small in size; the more heaven, earth and human qi are fused, the higher the grade of the blessed land. Small blessed lands have an area of up to two thousand square kilometres, they can draw in a small tributary of the river of time, and form over ten beads of immortal essence; there are few resources. Medium grade blessed lands can range from two and two thirds to four thousand square kilometres, they can draw in a slightly bigger tributary of the river of time, and form over twenty beads of immortal essence; they have plentiful resources. High grade blessed lands can range from four and two thirds to six thousand square kilometres, and draw in a large tributary of the river of time, the quantity of immortal essence formed surpasses thirty, and there will be plenty of heaven and earth qi remaining which can mutually interact and refine a mortal Gu into an Immortal Gu!”


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze was fixed directly ahead, the relevant information flashing in his mind.


 His brows slightly furrowed, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was able to pass the second step with True Yang Building’s help, reaching the third step. And now, it looked like there was a great chance for him to succeed in becoming a Gu Immortal.


 ‘If Tai Bai Yun Sheng becomes a Gu Immortal, then what stance should I take, how should I treat him?’ Hei Lou Lan pondered over this issue.


 ‘If nothing unexpected happens, Tai Bai Yun Sheng will no doubt obtain a high grade blessed land. However, refining an Immortal Gu carries risk, forming calamities and tribulations in the immortal aperture.’ Fang Yuan’s gaze continuously flickered.


 For a mortal to advance to a Gu Immortal, there naturally were special risks.


 Gu Masters were like this, it applied to Gu worms too.


 Humans took in heaven and earth qi, fusing with human qi, the fusion of the three qi would lead to heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities. Gu worms took in heaven and earth qi, and also would induce calamities and tribulations.


 It was hard for outsiders to interfere in the calamities and tribulations within one’s own blessed land.


 True Yang Building could influence Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but it could not influence the blessed land, the immortal aperture in his body.


 In another words, Tai Bai Yun Sheng could only rely on himself.


 “Huh?” Fang Yuan suddenly looked at the sky.


 Regarding the sky of Imperial Court blessed land, in daytime, golden light glittered, while at night, warm silver radiance shone down.


 But right now, pitch-black scars appeared in the golden sky from which specks of starlight shone down.


 This was the night sky of the outside world of northern plains.


 The whole of Imperial Court blessed land began to tremble.


 Everyone started crying out in surprise and shock.


 The tribulation clouds and calamity dust which had almost dissipated condensed again. Large amounts of heaven and earth qi poured into Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s body non-stop, directly entering his immortal aperture like moths to a fire.


 “What’s going on?!” Hei Lou Lan was dumbstruck.


 “What the hell happened!” Ye Lui Sang held his head, shouting involuntarily.


 “Too much heaven and earth qi were absorbed from Imperial Court blessed land, its foundation was injured, thus it is revealing the outside world, in linking up with northern plains!” Fang Yuan’s mind shook, his gaze moved from Tai Bai Yun Sheng to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 He had guessed the truth.


 Frost Jade Peacock was actually so proud, it would rather die than be suppressed by Giant Sun’s will any longer.


 It lived up to its words!



***
Chapter 610 - The key to victory and loss


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 When a Gu Master advances to an immortal, their aperture will transform into an immortal aperture.


 The immortal aperture is a qualitative evolution of the aperture, it is like the creation of a whole new small world.


 Rank six and seven Gu Immortal apertures were known as ‘blessed lands’. Rank eight and nine Gu Immortal apertures were called ‘grotto-heavens’.


 If a Gu Immortal’s lingering obsession was left behind when they died, it would combine with the heavenly power inside the immortal aperture and become the land spirit.


 Every immortal aperture is unique, it is a part of the Gu Immortal’s body. In some ways, even if a Gu Immortal dies, the land spirit and immortal aperture that they leave behind could still be considered a strange form of life extension for them.


 Precisely because the land spirit is formed from obsession, it is rigid and not flexible.


 In history, there were many such cases. For example, if a Gu Immortal forcefully takes down a blessed land, but did not meet the requirements to become the owner, the land spirit would reject them, in the end, the land spirit may directly self-detonate, causing the Gu Immortal’s efforts to be for nothing.


 Giant Sun’s will forcefully sealed Imperial Court blessed land’s Frost Jade Peacock, this had accumulated hundreds of thousands of years of anger in the latter. Now that he wanted to continue sealing it, Frost Jade Peacock’s resolute heart was finally ignited.


 “What is going on?”


 “Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal ascension caused a loophole to form in the blessed land?”


 “Imperial Court blessed land is currently being exposed to the outside world, this is unbelievable, this has never happened in the past!!”


 “This is bad, I have a very bad feeling. Do you think the blessed land is going to be destroyed?”


 In the blessed land, everyone was shouting in fear, they were panicking and their doubts were spreading.


 In the sky, countless cracks were formed. The sky of the blessed land, which was silver and gold, had lots of cracks now, from these cracks, one could see the starry sky of northern plains.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was still calm as ever.


 “Imperial Court blessed land would not self-destruct so easily.” He muttered in his heart, regarding this he was extremely confident.


 In history, there were many cases of the land spirit suiciding, destroying the blessed land along with them, but that was not going to happen here.


 This was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangement, how could it be broken so easily? This was the hard work of a rank nine Gu Immortal, this set-up covered the entire region of northern plains!


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was the biggest obstacle.


 “If this was in the past, how could the land spirit cause such trouble? Except that now, Giant Sun’s will had just awakened, he was caught off guard and had to waste time to resolve this mess. Meanwhile, the seal that imprisoned the land spirit had weakened drastically because of my gruel mud Immortal Gu, this allowed the land spirit to struggle so violently.”


 In his analysis, Fang Yuan could not help but internally praise Giant Sun’s resolution and methods.


 He had used the chess piece Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and with his limited methods, he managed to fight for precious time and allow the scales of victory to tilt towards himself.


 “However, even though the land spirit cannot self-destruct, it could still do the most basic thing like absorbing its own heaven and earth qi.”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan directed his gaze towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Above Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s head, the scattered tribulation cloud formed once again, and the calamity dust on the ground also started spreading.


 Large amounts of heaven qi and earth qi gushed out, they were about to form a new heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity!


 “This, what is going on? Why are there still heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities?! Wasn’t it over already?” Seeing this, Ye Lui Sang’s eyes were wide open in shock.


 “This is different from what is in the records. There is something strange going on with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, why are there two heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities in a row?” Hei Lou Lan was very confused as well.


 Even they had no idea, not to mention the others.


 Looking at the imposing heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity forming once again, many people were lost for words as they felt very worried regarding Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s situation.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression was ashen.


 “Why is there still a heavenly tribulation forming?! My inheritance did not state that this would happen!” He was shocked and furious.


 Because not just on the outside, at the same time, the immortal aperture inside his body was also forming another heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity!


 When a mortal Gu becomes an Immortal Gu, it is like a Gu Master becoming an immortal, it is a dangerous process to make a qualitative change that defied heaven. When Gu worms were refined into Immortal Gu, they would need to involve heaven and earth qi, this way, the corresponding heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities would form.


 Being faced with trouble both internally and externally, Tai Bai Yun Sheng could neither advance nor retreat, he could not attend to one problem while neglecting the other, his situation was very worrying!


 Fang Yuan used the gruel mud Immortal Gu to awaken the land spirit.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal ascension became a crucial chess piece in the fight between the land spirit and Giant Sun’s will.


 This immortal ascension had already gone out of his control.


 Other than Fang Yuan, everyone else was kept in the dark, they were unaware of the truth.


 Only Fang Yuan knew the land spirit’s intention!


 In a race against time, the land spirit could not compete with Giant Sun’s will, thus it placed its attention on Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 The heaven qi and earth qi were extracted by sacrificing the land spirit’s own foundation. Its intention was to form the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity that would destroy Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 What benefits would the land spirit gain from killing him?


 This would involve the devouring of the immortal aperture.


 Mortal apertures were not easy to devour and combine, but after ascending to immortal, the immortal aperture was a small world. Between worlds, they could be devoured and assimilated, there were great benefits to Gu Immortals.


 On Tian Ti mountain back then, Fang Yuan discarded a portion of Hu Immortal blessed land’s territory, which were quickly taken by the other Gu Immortals. Swallowing other immortal apertures and strengthening one’s own immortal aperture, there was much to gain from this.


 If the land spirit destroyed Tai Bai Yun Sheng, after he dies, his immortal aperture would remain. It would then be absorbed and assimilated by Imperial Court blessed land.


 After devouring the aperture, the blessed land’s foundation would rise, and the land spirit would become much stronger. This would be a great help for it to break through Giant Sun’s seal.


 In the sky, dark clouds were rumbling as lightning and thunder resounded.


 Countless purple lightning bolts formed into balls of lightning.


 On the ground, the calamity dust settled down, exposing the bare earth.


 A crack formed on the ground, it was hundreds of meters wide, exposing red hot flames from within, it resembled a desolate beast opening its bloodthirsty mouth.


 The flames rose up, forming many traces of restraining smoke as they gushed up.


 “Chaotic lightning balls, restraining smoke!” Fang Yuan frowned slightly.


 The chaotic lightning balls not only had great power, they could even ruin the Gu Master’s mind and will, inducing a chaotic effect. Restraining smoke could seal away the environment, as long as the Gu Master was trapped within, they would lose their five senses, like falling into a maze or an abyss, they would not be able to get free.


 Chaotic lightning balls were not fast, but together with the suppression from restraining smoke, they were perfect partners and could unleash the greatest effect!


 Fang Yuan could not help but feel some worry.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s failure was not what Fang Yuan wanted to see.


 Holding the glass owner token in his hand, Fang Yuan tightened his grasp as his gaze turned dark: “Still too weak, too weak! With my current strength, I am very heavily affected by circumstances...”


 Howl, howl, howl!


 The chaotic lightning balls flew through the air, emitting a strange and shrill noise. They sounded like a woman screaming and crying at the same time, it was very painful to the ears.


 At the same time, the restraining smoke was rumbling, surging towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression turned pale.


 The chaotic lightning balls changed their directions randomly, sometimes they traveled right, sometimes left, it was hard to dodge them. Furthermore, there were traces of restraining smoke around him, like he was in the middle of an ancient forest.


 “If I come into contact with the restraining smoke, I’ll be finished! Oh no, the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity in my immortal aperture is also forming, moreover I have already lost my defensive Gu!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng gritted his teeth, his gaze was shining with resolution.


 Risk it!


 His body gave off a shining light, using several movement Gu, his body flew into the air.


 The intense wind blew this old man’s hair towards the back, showing an unrestrained demeanour.


 Shocked screams could be heard coming from the crowd.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng charged towards the tribulation cloud, above him, there were countless chaotic lightning balls, looking from afar, he was like a moth flying towards a fire.


 “Is Tai Bai Yun Sheng seeking death?” Ye Lui Sang frowned deeply.


 “Good!” Hei Lou Lan, however, gave high praise.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes also shone.


 Restraining smoke might seem harmless without any attack power and could only trap enemies, but it held much greater threat than the chaotic lightning balls.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng understood the situation and made the best decision.


 Only to see that after he charged into the thunder cloud, countless lightning balls shot down like fish swimming in water.


 Bam bam bam...


 The lightning balls continued to explode, but it did not affect Tai Bai Yun Sheng at all.


 He flew left and right, trying to find a survival chance in the barrage of attacks, his movement speed was fast at times and slow at others, he had great control over the situation!


 “Amazing! What level of flying attainment is this!”


 “To think that Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng is actually a flying master!!”


 “He hid himself too deeply, I only found out now...”


 Everyone was overjoyed to find out that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a flying master!


 “To think that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was skilled at using cloud path Gu worms.” Ye Lui Sang praised, he was not very surprised at the display of flying.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a healing Gu Master, these years when he roamed northern plains, he had encountered many dangers. He had to have a secret ability in order to survive till now.


 In truth, most healing Gu Masters were either skilled in defense or movement.


 When these Gu Masters were nurtured, they were specially trained in this manner.


 That was because in the battlefield, healing Gu Masters were usually the first to be targeted, many times they could not receive protection from their teammates. Thus, healing Gu Masters needed to have certain ways to protect themselves.


 “As the number one healing Gu Master in northern plains, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is not skilled in defense, with his age, it is no wonder he has such flying attainment.” Hei Lou Lan thought about this and turned his head, looking at the sky far away.


 There, Fang Yuan seated on the azure wolf king’s back, observing Tai Bai Yun Sheng closely.


 Compared to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Chang Shan Yin who was also a flying master was much younger.


 “Little sparrow, you are really enjoying yourself.” In True Yang Building, Giant Sun’s will laughed instead of raging.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was shaking intensely, the aurora was wavering in the sky as a huge pillar of light shot out.


 Immortal Gu — Divert Disaster!


 The light of Divert Disaster shone around Tai Bai Yun Sheng, piercing through the lightning balls and restraining smoke.


 “Old ancestor is really blessing Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he struck once again!” Amidst the shocked screams, there were jealous and envious people too.


 “This is too weird, Tai Bai Yun Sheng is not part of Giant Sun’s bloodline, to think he could receive such blessings as well!” Someone was suspicious.


 “As expected, he struck.” Fang Yuan sighed internally, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already become a crucial factor in the contest between the land spirit and Giant Sun’s will, the land spirit wanted to harm him, while Giant Sun’s will wanted to protect him!



***
Chapter 611 - Landscape As Before


***





 



 



 “Luck inspection Gu!”


 Fang Yuan’s heart moved, quickly sending his primeval essence into the Gu.


 The next moment, his vision changed.


 Luck inspection Gu, a rank five luck path investigative Gu, it could allow him to see luck despite its formlessness.


 Looking at Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s luck now, his previous fiery red luck that was originally burning with a glowing red glow had shrunken by a bit.


 “Earlier, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s will was helping him, thus his luck was being expended. Now that he helped once more, Tai Bai Yun Sheng has only a third of his initial luck left.” Fang Yuan evaluated.


 Looking at his own luck, it was still the black coffin luck, as rich and dense as ink, and even larger than before.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, but quickly snickered to himself, looking at the people in the blessed land.


 The people who were watching Tai Bai Yun Sheng ascend to immortal realm had changes to their luck as well.


 The overwhelming majority of the Gu Masters had unwittingly developed a small layer of black coffin luck.


 Except for Hei Lou Lan, he still had his unchanged profuse azure luck.


 Looking around, Fang Yuan felt his eyes hurting, he quickly stopped using the luck inspection Gu.


 When a Gu Master ascends, there would be endless heaven and earth qi, using Gu worms in such an environment would cause a backlash.


 If he forcefully continued to use them, both he and his Gu worms would suffer injuries, or even face death.


 As his vision returned to normal, Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng again.


 He was swimming in the thunderstorm, flying through the crevices of the clouds, showing off his master level flying attainment.


 His body had no more defensive Gu, he was relying on his movement to evade the chaotic lightning balls, it was like walking on a tightrope, he was in great danger.


 In order to avoid the earthly calamity of restraining smoke, he charged into the thunder clouds, this was a wise decision when weighing the two difficulties, but it was also a helpless choice.


 “If not for the fact that I have green grape immortal essence, and can dilute it to form endless primeval essence, such an insane flying speed would have drained my aperture dry long ago.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was breathing roughly, his hair was in a mess and his body was feeling weak, the situation was getting more dangerous.


 Swoosh!


 Suddenly, a chaotic lightning ball changed directions and charged towards him.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to evade it, but it was too late, he could only stare indignantly with a furious gaze.


 In the moment of crisis, a white light pillar shot over, directly hitting this chaotic lightning ball.


 The lightning ball quickly melted from the ray of light, turning into pure heaven qi.


 Divert disaster Gu!


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s help came once again, saving Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “So close, even though I became a Gu Immortal, I do not have any defenses on me, if I was hit by the chaotic lightning ball, I’d be heavily injured, the consequences are unthinkable!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng swallowed his saliva, feeling some lingering fear.


 After becoming a Gu Immortal, the foundation of his life had been elevated. If he was still a mortal, a chaotic lightning ball could easily kill him. Gu Immortals however, were tougher, even without any defensive Gu, they could endure over a dozen lightning balls without any problems.


 But the thing was, these lightning balls had special effects.


 After being hit, they would cause Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s thoughts to be chaotic, once his mind is in chaos he would not be able to think properly.


 At this crucial moment, as long as Tai Bai Yun Sheng stops in the air for a moment, he would be attacked by countless lightning balls at once.


 If he was hit by these lightning balls consecutively, Tai Bai Yun Sheng would have no chance to gather his thoughts, he would just be drowned under the endless lightning balls.


 “Quickly look, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building saved Tai Bai Yun Sheng once again.”


 “That’s right, this has already happened at least ten times.”


 “With True Yang Building’s help, it seems Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tribulation will succeed without fail!”


 Outside, everyone saw this with amazed and envious expressions.


 “Such intensive assistance, will it really work?” Hei Lou Lan’s eyes were shining brilliantly, he saw the situation with a different perspective.


 In such an environment, when heaven and earth qi were rampaging, usage of any Gu worm would create a huge backlash.


 Divert disaster Gu was no exception.


 In the history of Gu Masters, there were many instances of Gu Immortals helping out during the tribulation, and eventually the backlash destroying their Immortal Gu.


 Except that most people were ignorant and did not know such secrets.


 “Divert disaster Gu is one of the foundational pieces of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it is used for Imperial Court blessed land to divert away disasters. Without it, Imperial Court blessed land would face terrifying earthly calamities and heavenly tributations. Giant Sun’s will would not sacrifice such a precious Gu for Tai Bai Yun Sheng, that means the reinforcement of Giant Sun’s will is limited... What happens now is most crucial, it will depend on Tai Bai Yun Sheng, whether he can quickly survive the calamity and tribulation in the immortal aperture.” Fang Yuan was expressionless as he sat on the azure wolf king’s back, watching with growing tension.


 After all, landscape as before Gu was one of his main goals in coming to northern plains.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s speed started to slow down.


 He was facing troubles both in his aperture and outside of it, the land spirit was causing him harm, while the calamity and tribulation was forming in his own immortal aperture due to his mortal Gu’s ascension.


 This internal threat especially, it was taking away much of his attention, thus his reactions toward the outside world were getting slower.


 Suddenly, his body shook, completely stopping his movements.


 Immediately after, countless chaotic lightning balls flew towards him.


 Divert disaster light pillar was shining brilliantly, it burst out and surrounded Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Now is the most crucial time!” Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan, Ye Lui Sang and others could see clearly that this was it, their eyes were shining.


 At this moment, in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture, bright light exploded, engulfing the entire small world.


 The aura of the Immortal Gu was spewing out like a fountain.


 In that bright light, an Immortal Gu was rising up slowly.


 It looked like a ladybug, it was fist sized and had a jade body. On its round back, there were natural markings, half was of rivers and seas, while the other half was of valleys and mountains.


 “So this Immortal Gu was created by combining River as Before and Mountain as Before. It seems the effect is also the product of River as Before and Mountain as Before, but elevated.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng analyzed.


 This was refined during the resonance of heaven and earth, it was not refined by him personally, thus, he was still unclear towards the effect of Landscape as Before.


 After looking at it for a few breaths’ time, Tai Bai Yun Sheng placed his attention on the most central area of the blessed land.


 Immortal Gu Landscape as Before, it was not part of his goal, only an additional surprise.


 Now at the center of the blessed land, man as before Gu had turned into a huge cocoon, but cracks were starting to develop on it. Dazzling rainbow light was leaking from the cracks.


 Breaking the cocoon and becoming a butterfly!


 As the thick cocoon vanished, a colorful butterfly fluttered into the sky. Wherever it went, rainbow light rained down, trailing behind the butterfly’s path as a curvy rainbow was formed behind it.


 “Success, Immortal Gu Man as Before! Ahahaha...” Seeing this, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was extremely happy, he laughed maniacally.


 So many years of accumulation, so many years of anticipation and worry, so many times he had fallen into grave danger, but at this moment, he obtained a perfect result!


 But his internal threat still remained.


 In the immortal aperture, the azure tribulation cloud was rumbling, forming a huge green scaled snake, the snake had a silver horn on its head, and its body was hundreds of metres long, the snake tail had turned into qi, fusing with the tribulation cloud.


 As for the ground, it started shaking, making loud sounds that resembled thunder, causing pain to the eardrums.


 The newly formed earth burst out with cracks, as lava spewed out of it, the smoke was thick as trees as the surroundings withered.


 “Heavenly tribulation — silver horn green scale python, earthly calamity — molten earth!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart shook, facing both the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity alone at the same time, he felt an immense pressure.


 He placed his hopes on the Immortal Gu Landscape as Before.


 “Come.” He willed, as a bead of green grape immortal essence flew out, fusing into the landscape as before Gu.


 The ladybug-like landscape as before Gu immediately flapped its wings, flying away like a flash of lightning.


 Everywhere it went, in the surroundings, the land returned to spring as the landscape was restored to normal, back to the moment before the earthly calamity struck.


 “Good Gu, good Gu!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart settled, with landscape as before Immortal Gu, he had no fear towards the earthly calamity.


 Hisss—!


 The silver horn green scale python opened its mouth, making a shrill sound.


 It shot out abruptly, its huge body bringing along a draft of wind, as it pounced on the landscape as before Immortal Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was nervous, although Immortal Gu had huge capabilities, those which were not defensive Gu were usually fragile. Landscape as before Gu was the same, if it was destroyed by the silver horn green scale python, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s situation would turn bad.


 Thankfully, landscape as before Gu was born from his aperture during the resonance of heaven and earth, he could control it like moving his limbs.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had deep foundations accumulated in his life, he quickly mobilized landscape as before Immortal Gu and escaped. The silver horn green scale python behind him had attacked dozens of times, it destroyed mountains and rivers, the earth was pierced and rocks were sent flying, as savage winds ravaged the land.


 “Oh no! At this rate...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was concentrating intensely, after a few breaths’ time, sweat started forming on his forehead.


 His eyes were shut tight, his body was still floating in the air, as the chaotic lightning balls crashed towards him.


 But thankfully, due to the divert disaster Immortal Gu’s light pillar, his body was protected.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was unable to care about the outside world since long ago, but he had not forgotten his external threat.


 This terrible situation forced him to cut his losses decisively.


 “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s reinforcement is limited, it might stop anytime. I can only do this... With man as before Immortal Gu in my possession, as long as I have time, there is hope! Cut, cut it off!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted in his heart.


 Abandoning the territories to protect his headquarters, he gave up a portion of his immortal aperture, the sky began to cut apart.


 The blessed land was the foundation and base of a Gu Immortal, cutting off the blessed land was like self-mutilation, it reduced their own strength and potential.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng had no other choice.


 Just like how Fang Yuan survived the earthly calamity back in Hu Immortal blessed land, in order to get rid of the blue charm lightning shadow, he discarded a portion of the blessed land, Tai Bai Yun Sheng also had to make such a sacrifice!


 The blessed land’s sky was shaved off layer by layer.


 Along with the thick tribulation clouds, they were all sent out of his body.


 Outside his body, it was Imperial Court blessed land, Frost Jade Peacock joyfully chirped as it devoured these blessed land fragments, to increase its own strength.


 Giant Sun’s will shouted in anger.


 He was trying to protect Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s life, but the latter was now fueling his enemy’s strength!


 Giant Sun’s will had to protect him, because if Tai Bai Yun Sheng died, his entire immortal aperture would be devoured by Imperial Court blessed land.


 Most importantly, divert disaster Immortal Gu was already full of cracks, if he reinforced Tai Bai Yun Sheng any more, the Gu might get destroyed from the backlash.


 Divert disaster Immortal Gu was one of the foundation pieces of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it could not be lost!


 But if Tai Bai Yun Sheng died, it was similarly disadvantageous for Giant Sun’s will.


 At once, Giant Sun’s will fell into a difficult predicament.



***
Chapter 612 - Hoodwinking the Land Spirit


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The sky in the immortal aperture started to peel off layer by layer, the dense tribulation clouds thinned out along with it. The devastating silver horn green scale python’s body decreased to one-tenth of its original size, its might extremely weakened.


 The situation was taking a turn for the better for Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Success is at hand.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes were filled with tears when he opened them. The situation in the immortal aperture was already stabilizing, and he had the room to pay some attention to the external crisis.


 The light of Divert Disaster was covering him, preventing the calamity and tribulation from touching him; Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt gratitude from the depths of his heart: “This is all thanks to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building helping me, otherwise I would find it difficult to even have a hope of succeeding... Eh!”


 The light of divert disaster suddenly dissipated!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was caught off-guard and was bombarded by the chaotic lightning balls, his mind immediately turning chaotic. He flew around in disorder, knocking into large numbers of chaotic lightning balls as he was unable to act for himself with not even a trace of reason left.


 Everyone was shocked but before they could express it, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building burst out with an absolutely powerful absorption force again, directly capturing the hysterical Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Giant Sun’s will could not sacrifice divert disaster Gu and also could not let Tai Bai Yun Sheng die.


 The best method was, of course, to throw Tai Bai Yun Sheng out of the blessed land. Unfortunately, only Frost Jade Peacock could do that in this situation.


 Helplessly, Giant Sun’s will could only use this inferior method.


 This was indeed an inferior solution.


 Under everyone’s shocked gazes, the tribulation clouds and calamity dust surged explosively, shrouding Eighty-Eight True Yang Building! Countless chaotic lightning balls crashed down like a violent storm; while restraining smoke coiled around the tower like an immemorial giant python, continually seeping inside.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had brought in Tai Bai Yun Sheng, thus becoming the target for the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.


 To protect Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s life, Giant Sun’s will chose to forcefully resist the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity!


 “How could this happen!”


 “Lord Tai Bai Yun Sheng was brought into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!!”


 “How on earth does he deserve such assistance from old ancestor? This is a heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity we are talking about, they are extremely dangerous to True Yang Building!”


 Everyone looked on with stupefied and shocked gazes.


 Under the presence of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, using Gu worms was asking to suffer backlash.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was a rank eight Immortal Gu house; in its essence, it was an integrated body of many Immortal Gu and countless mortal Gu. And now, it was forcefully resisting the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, the pressure on it was already enormous. And because of the force of the backlash, the coordination between the Gu worms had been affected!


 It was clear, this was by no means a wise course of action.


 However, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had become a crucial key in the fight between Giant Sun’s will and Frost Jade Peacock; Giant Sun’s will, forced by the situation, could only settle for such a method.


 Inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Frost Jade Peacock rapidly moved its wings, continuously dodging in between the gigantic trees.


 Five Immortal Gu, with all kinds of flaming tails trailing after them, were pursuing and obstructing it.


 Frost Jade Peacock was not willing to be sealed again and used all its strength to run away, gradually it lost its head and was unable to take the exact path, crashing into countless giant trees on the way.


 Under Giant Sun’s will’s control, True Yang Building was a natural cage that could utilize the strength of any round, while Frost Jade Peacock was the bird in the cage. The giant trees turned into treemen, opening their arms to block it.


 Caaaw—!


 Frost Jade Peacock screamed shrilly as it suffered damage.


 It tore apart the defense line of three old treemen, but its speed lowered greatly by this, and was caught up by a metal path Immortal Gu from behind.


 A golden stream of light rapidly flowed on its body. The golden light condensed into a thick golden shell wherever it touched, firmly covering Frost Jade Peacock.


 Frost Jade Peacock sensed it could not budge in any areas covered by the golden light; it was instantly startled and furious.


 It hurriedly flapped its wings to increase its speed again. But the next moment, it was attacked by the second Immortal Gu.


 An intense sleepiness invaded its mind, causing its eyes to turn hazy as it felt an intense urge to sleep.


 Boom.


 It crashed down head-first onto the ground, unable to fly any longer.


 It had a premonition that its fate was to be sealed again; two rows of tears filled with grief and indignance involuntarily fell down from its eyes.


 “Don’t... even... think...” Frost Jade Peacock mumbled to itself, trying to use all its remaining strength to resist.


 Although there was still the remaining power of Immortal Gu Gruel Mud on its body, the two Immortal Gu sealing it again were not restrained by Gruel Mud.


 “Even if I die, I won’t let you prevail!” Frost Jade Peacock gave off an intense suicidal will, and disregarding everything, it drew out the foundation of Imperial Court blessed land — heaven and earth qi, to intensify the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.


 And it was rapidly weakening.


 Imperial Court blessed land was born from a space path Gu Immortal, thus the blessed land’s territory was vast, far surpassing any at an equivalent level.


 Later, it was developed by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, becoming a top-notch blessed land and also obtaining the ability to transit between day and night; it could be said to be at the doorstep of transforming into a grotto-heaven.


 If it could swallow the time path Gu Immortal Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture, space and time could converge which was the greatest supplement to Imperial Court blessed land. It was extremely likely for there to be a qualitative change which could allow Imperial Court blessed land to advance to a grotto-heaven!


 If that happened, Frost Jade Peacock could break apart most of the arrangements of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Although it could not suppress Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it would have the power to expel it out of the blessed land.


 However, Giant Sun’s will was truly too resolute and would rather suffer the damage from the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity to protect Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s life.


 Frost Jade Peacock was only an obsession left behind after a Gu Immortal’s death, how could it scheme against Giant Sun’s will?


 But it was also because of its obsession, it was brave and unyielding!


 On the verge of being sealed again, it would rather be exterminated, and disregarding the consequences, it drew out large amounts of heaven and earth qi from Imperial Court blessed land.


 These heaven and earth qi were like adding fuel to the fire; as they assimilated into the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, the sky rumbled with lightning, the chaotic lightning balls immediately expanded tenfold in quantity, and the restraining smoke had even more changes, its body inflated and its dark color turned even deeper.


 Crack crack crack!


 Lightning balls rained down like a storm, fiercely striking Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Bursts of explosions sounded out; Eighty-Eight True Yang Building became filled with scars, the eaves of the tower collapsed piece by piece, and a crack even appeared on the outer wall.


 Restraining smoke turned into an even bigger problem, becoming a deadly smoke calamity; it was much more powerful and seeped everywhere on Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s surface, gradually dying it black.


 The pitch-black walls of the building seemed to have eroded for a thousand years, as they started to peel off.


 “The heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity have become stronger!”


 “This is too terrifying, retreat, retreat!”


 “What is happening? Even the wind and snow from the outside world are pouring in!!”


 Everyone started shouting in shock.


 Frost Jade Peacock extracted large amounts of heaven and earth qi, injuring Imperial Court blessed land’s foundation. If Imperial Court blessed land was originally a strong house, now the tiles and bricks were taken out, only leaving behind the framework of the house.


 This caused countless holes to appear in it, connecting to the outside world.


 And the outside world of northern plains was currently experiencing the blizzard of every ten years.


 Divert disaster Gu was dormant, causing Imperial Court blessed land to suffer the invasion of the blizzard calamity as well.


 Imperial Court blessed land was no longer a refuge; large amounts of wind and snow poured in, the temperature quickly dropped as the heavy snowfall flew inside. Although it had not reached the level of forming snow monsters, it was not too far away.


 “Little sparrow, look at what a big mess you have caused.” Giant Sun’s will shouted in annoyance.


 Blessed lands and grotto-heavens would attract all sizes of calamities and tribulations in every set interval of time. The larger their fortune, the stronger the calamities and tribulations.


 The great snow disaster that wreaked havoc over the whole of northern plains every ten years was actually the calamity and tribulation of Imperial Court blessed land.


 Imperial Court blessed land had Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and was also a peak level blessed land with territory that was at the size of a small world; the fortune it contained was gigantic, thus the calamities and tribulations it attracted were extremely terrifying.


 Right now, divert disaster Gu was hibernating, while Imperial Court blessed land had connected outside to northern plains, causing the once in ten years blizzard to return into it.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building could forcibly resist the frenzied attacks of lightning balls, the invasion of the black smoke, but it was unable to contend against the blizzard that could wreak havoc over the whole of northern plains.


 If this situation continued, Imperial Court blessed land would erode and crumble apart due to the snow disaster.


 Frost Jade Peacock did not need Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, but Eighty-Eight True Yang Building needed Imperial Court blessed land.


 There was one way to salvage this situation.


 That was to use divert disaster Gu to eliminate heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities and turn them into heaven qi and earth qi. Making Imperial Court blessed land take in these heaven and earth qi to stabilize its foundation, and close the connection with the outside world of northern plains.


 Giant Sun’s will could take the risk in forcibly activating divert disaster Gu. But to make Imperial Court blessed land take in heaven and earth qi required Frost Jade Peacock’s cooperation.


 “Asking this little sparrow to cooperate is simply an impossible dream!” Even if it was Giant Sun’s will, this was a difficult problem.


 He helplessly thought of the only way —”Unless Frost Jade Peacock acknowledges a pair of new owners...”


 Giant Sun’s will did not know that Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture contained landscape as before Immortal Gu which could conveniently deal with this trouble.


 He thought of another Immortal Gu he had — false emotion fake will Gu!


 The condition for Frost Jade Peacock to acknowledge its owner was a couple who had true love for each other.


 However, nothing was absolute, even the land spirit could be hoodwinked.


 Giant Sun’s will knew as long as he found two candidates to use false emotion fake will Gu on, he could hoodwink the land spirit and make Frost Jade Peacock recognize new owners.


 Once Frost Jade Peacock was controlled, each problem could be easily resolved.


 Moreover, this method was very favorable to Giant Sun’s will.


 If a couple who had true love for each other became the owners of Imperial Court blessed land, what would Giant Sun’s will do if this couple did not obey his commands?


 Instead of that, he would hold onto the initiative if he found two unconnected people to use false emotion fake will Gu on and satisfy the requirement to become the owners.


 Because false emotion fake will Gu contained Giant Sun’s will!


 False emotion fake will Gu was subjected to Giant Sun’s will’s control. Even if the two unconnected people were disloyal in the future, as long as Giant Sun’s will still held false emotion fake will Gu, at worst, he could once again select two new candidates.


 ‘Little sparrow, you are a long way from being able to fight with me.’ Giant Sun’s will was shrewd and wise, inheriting some of the main body’s intelligence; the seemingly desperate situation could not hold him back. With just some thinking, he thought of a way to resolve it.


 He immediately mobilized Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s strength to inspect the candidates.


 Right now in Imperial Court blessed land, everyone was running away from danger here and there, with many casualties appearing.


 The situation was quickly worsening, it was so cold that one’s spit could instantly freeze into a piece of ice. The majestic blizzard was pouring in without any pause, tall and formidable snow monsters started standing up from the depths of the snow, selecting targets to devour.


 But this did not pose any difficulty for Giant Sun’s will.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building could plunder resources from the whole of northern plains, let alone two people that were right in front of it.


 These two people would naturally be those with Giant Sun’s bloodline, Giant Sun’s will soon selected two candidates who satisfied it.


 “Eh?” Hei Lou Lan’s vision rapidly changed, he was at rank five peak stage, but he did not even have the strength to resist as he was absorbed into True Yang Building.


 “Ahhhhh, save me!” Not far away, Ma Hong Yun was still running frantically and did not realize the changes in his surroundings.


 Thud.


 He bumped head first into a giant tree in front.


 “Don’t tell me this kid was running with his eyes closed...” Hei Lou Lan was speechless.



***
Chapter 613 - Identity exposed


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Painful, painful!” Ma Hong Yun rubbed his forehead that had turned red, pouting as he got up from the floor.


 “Eh! What is this place?” He discovered that the blizzard had vanished without a trace, he was surrounded by a spring-like warmth; it was not a world of ice and snow, instead it was a vast ancient forest.


 Around him were gigantic ancient trees, hundreds of metres tall, so thick that even a dozen adults joining hands could not surround it.


 The ancient trees were very tall, and their lush leaves covered the sky; rays of sunlight penetrated through the small gaps, forming a tranquil scene under the shade.


 Compared to the outside world, this was practically a paradise.


 “You are in the center of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.” A voice suddenly echoed within Ma Hong Yun and Hei Lou Lan’s ears.


 “Who is this?” Hei Lou Lan’s pupils contracted.


 Ma Hong Yun cried out in fear: “Ghost!”


 He panicked and subconsciously ran to the side of Hei Lou Lan.


 “Ghost? I am no ghost, if I could become a ghost, my affairs would be much easier to settle. Unfortunately I am merely a remnant will, inferior to even a ghost.”


 Giant Sun’s will gave a sigh, and suddenly in mid-air, golden speckles of light appeared.


 These speckles of light rotated slowly and suddenly condensed, transforming into an imposing body of light and shadow, similar in appearance to Giant Sun.


 “Ah, you are!?” Ma Hong Yun stammered, his finger pointing towards the will of Giant Sun in endless shock.


 Hei Lou Lan’s pupils contracted, as the head of Hei tribe, he knew a lot. His complexion turned solemn and respectful; placing his hands on his chest, he spoke dutifully: “Descendant pays respect to Ancestor Giant Sun!”


 Giant Sun sighed once again, and said: “I know the two of you are feeling confusion within your hearts. To make a long story short, this man broke into True Yang Building, undid the seal on the Frost Jade Peacock land spirit, and thus put Imperial Court blessed land on the brink of crisis.”


 As he said that, the golden speckles condensed into the image of Chang Shan Yin.


 “Ah, it’s Lord Wolf King!” Ma Hong Yun immediately recognized.


 “It was actually him?!” Hei Lou Lan also could not help but cry out.


 But Giant Sun’s will immediately continued: “What you see is not his genuine appearance.”


 As he spoke, the image of Chang Shan Yin changed, gradually turning into Fang Yuan’s true appearance.


 “This is the true face of that person.” Giant Sun’s will spoke.


 Fang Yuan disguised himself as Chang Shan Yin using the human skin Gu. This Gu was a mortal Gu, it was able to deceive people like Hei Lou Lan, but it failed to deceive Giant Sun’s will.


 Even though when Fang Yuan explored the true inheritance secluded domain in secret, Giant Sun’s will was asleep. But within the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, there were many Gu worms that had recorded his actions.


 Seeing the true face of Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan and Ma Hong Yun were unable to recognize him.


 “So it turn out that this Chang Shan Yin was merely a fake! To actually infiltrate Imperial Court blessed land, he is extremely daring!” Hei Lou Lan let out a cold snort, sensing such a huge conspiracy, he could not help but be both startled and furious at once.


 “He not only has guts, but he had also made ample preparations. Looking at the two methods he used to scheme against me, these are not something that one can accomplish on their own, there surely must be a larger force backing him. You two are my descendants; True Yang Building has been infiltrated by outsiders and is in deep trouble, I now need your strength.” Giant Sun’s will spoke.


 Hei Lou Lan and Ma Hong Yun glanced at each other, both expressing their desire to cooperate with Giant Sun’s will.


 Giant Sun’s will spoke concisely, in a short period of time, he was able to give a clear explanation.


 “So it was like this.” Hei Lou Lan came to a realization, and was now able to understand why True Yang Building helped Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 His heart jumped, Giant Sun’s will’s idea was for him to become Imperial Court blessed land’s owner, that involved tremendous benefits.


 “Imperial Court blessed land’s ownership condition is special, the blessed land actually requires two owners. No wonder back then, when Giant Sun Immortal Venerable set up the sacred palace, he made it so that his empress could stay in it. He loved his empress very much, now it seems that the empress also had half the ownership of Imperial Court blessed land.”


 “Using false emotion fake will Gu to deceive the land spirit, this is quite a good idea. But this kid, how could he be selected to become Imperial Court blessed land’s owner alongside me?”


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes sparkled, shooting a glance toward Ma Hong Yun, concealing his deep disdain.


 “Could it be that Ancestor Giant Sun thinks that he is an easier pawn to control?” Hei Lou Lan’s gaze trembled, with Giant Sun’s will present, he did not dare to do anything reckless.


 Differing from Hei Lou Lan, Ma Hong Yun suddenly remembered something and shouted: “Wait a moment! Lady Xiao Yun and my wife Xiao Li are still outside, I do not want to be the owner of the blessed land, quickly let me out, I need to save them!”


 Lady Xiao Yun naturally referred to Zhao Lian Yun.


 His wife Xiao Li was Chang Li. Originally, Chang Biao, in order to coax Ma Ying Jie, allowed his adopted daughter Chang Li to be married off to Ma Hong Yun, consequently turning her into Ma Hong Yun’s wife.


 Giant Sun’s will seemed to have taken a fancy to Ma Hong Yun, he laughed heartily: “Hahaha, caring for beautiful women, you are truly my descendant. Boy, once you become the owner of this blessed land, this will become your domain. Then, you will be able to have all the women you desire.”


 Ma Hong Yun stared blankly, before quickly shouting: “No, it’s very dangerous outside, I have to go and save them both. No matter what this affair is, we can discuss it later. Release me outside, quickly let me go!”


 “Foolish boy, relying on your own strength, you can barely defend yourself, how can you defend other people?” Giant Sun’s will laughed. “Be obedient and stay here, cooperate and become the owner of Imperial Court blessed land. I will be the one to save your women.”


 Giant Sun’s will moved rapidly without delay, starting to act the moment he finished speaking.


 Great numbers of Gu Masters were in the True Yang Building, and almost all of them were Giant Sun’s descendants.


 These were his descendants, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was built for their sake, as an inheritance for his descendants.


 Naturally, not all of his descendants had the aptitude to become Gu Masters, Giant Sun’s will had not made a move to save those.


 Fang Yuan had a panoramic view of this scene.


 “Giant Sun’s will made a move, this time, many people were taken into the building.” Within his mind, Mo Yao’s will spoke.


 Fang Yuan sat still on the back of an azure wolf king, floating at a high altitude in the sky, gazing at the distant sacred palace.


 But it was a huge distance away from his original location.


 The power of the calamities and tribulations getting more fearsome, Fang Yuan, in order to avoid the disaster, could only retreat.


 In the surroundings of the sacred palace, the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities continued to increase in power, the area was already extremely dangerous. This Frost Jade Peacock was putting in a last ditch attempt, even the once in ten years blizzard of the northern plains was attracted over.


 Now the sacred palace had mostly been destroyed, the broken walls scattered in the wind, its former splendor nowhere to be seen.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was in a terrible state, it was wrapped in layers of heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities. Inside it were the chaotic lightning balls and restraining smoke, while outside was the raging blizzard that was getting stronger.


 “Giant Sun’s will has already awakened, he definitely wants you dead, it’s a blessing that he isn’t targeting you now; he absolutely won’t come and save us. We should retreat and return to Water Pavilion. Within Water Pavilion, there is some immortal essence that I have left behind in the past, you can use them to move the Gu House. You can return to central continent, and when you return Water Pavilion to Spirit Affinity House, you will receive more benefits than you can imagine, there is no need for you to take a risk here.” Within his mind, Mo Yao continued to coax him.


 Things had already progressed this far, the entire Imperial Court blessed land had been affected, Giant Sun’s will had already awakened, Water Pavilion was still hidden; while True Yang Building was suppressed by the heaven tribulations and earthly calamities, it was a great opportunity to retreat.


 “Retreat?” Fang Yuan’s eyes were cold and detached, his line of sight turning towards the glass owner token in his hands as he sneered softly.


 He gripped the glass owner token tightly.


 This was a crucial trump card he had not expended yet.


 Central continent Gu Immortals left behind three methods to deal with Giant Sun’s will.


 The first was the Gu formation of special will Gu, effective in dealing with Giant Sun’s will. The second method was a sealing Gu formation, which could temporarily seal the yellow apricot immortal essence left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 The third method was even more hidden but had greater power, it could temporarily expel Giant Sun’s will from the True Yang Building!


 The glass owner token was the key to all three of these methods.


 Now, both the first and second methods were already used, only the third method was left.


 But this third method was much stronger compared with the first two methods, it could be said to be a trump card!


 Especially at this moment.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was wrapped in heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, once Giant Sun’s will gets temporarily separated from the building, he would definitely suffer the fearsome attack of the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities!


 Mo Yao’s plan was indeed mature and stable, but great risks come with great rewards.


 Meanwhile, in True Yang Building.


 Chang Li and Zhao Lian Yun were brought into the building by Giant Sun’s will, appearing in front of Ma Hong Yun.


 “Lady Xiao Yun, my wife Xiao Li!” Ma Hong Yun was jubilant, and dashed towards them.


 “Husband!” Chang Li was happy to have escaped danger, and threw herself into Ma Hong Yun’s arms.


 Zhao Lian Yun also moved quickly towards Ma Hong Yun’s side, her face also full of joy from having returned from death’s door, she lightly kicked Ma Hong Yun’s leg: “Foolish kid, unexpectedly, you were useful for once.”


 “Hahaha, it’s only natural.” Ma Hong Yun loosened his hug and cordially looked towards Giant Sun’s will floating in midair, and expressed his gratitude, “Thank you, old ancestor.”


 Just as he said that, suddenly, a violent tremor occurred.


 For a moment, the entire forest shook.


 “What’s going on?” Chang Li and Zhao Lian Yun both turned pale.


 “Alright, enough nonsense, the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities are getting more and more severe, eventually, even Eighty-Eight True Yang Building will no longer be able to resist. You must become Imperial Court blessed land’s owners as soon as possible.” The complexion of Giant Sun’s will’s changed as he spoke.


 Bam bam bam...


 A group of large treemen moved slowly, each footstep they took sounding like thunder.


 The treemen lowered their waists, opening their branch-like palms, revealing the giant immobilized peacock.


 “This is the land spirit of Imperial Court blessed land, Frost Jade Peacock!” Giant Sun’s will introduced, while at the same time, false emotion fake will Gu flew towards the Frost Jade Peacock.


 Hei Lou Lan and Ma Hong Yun stood before the Frost Jade Peacock, as the false emotion fake will Gu let out a yellow light that resembled a fog, gradually enshrouding Hei Lou Lan, Ma Hong Yun and the Frost Jade Peacock.



***
Chapter 614 - Otherworldly Demon!


***





 Chapter 614: Otherworldly Demon!


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Listen to my instructions. Hold your breath, be calm, be relaxed, and discard any superfluous thoughts...” Giant Sun’s will spoke in a pensive tone.


 Hei Lou Lan closed his eyes and slowed his breathing.


 Zhao Lian Yun and Chang Li stood to the sides and did not dare to speak.


 A light breeze blew, and the tree leaves rustled, creating a tranquil atmosphere.


 Ma Hong Yun looked left and right. Suddenly seeing the Frost Jade Peacock, he was amazed, shouting: “Look quickly, the peacock is alive, it actually shed tears!”


 The tranquil atmosphere was disrupted, and the voice of Giant Sun’s will’s stopped. Hei Lou Lan held his irritation, and angrily opened his eyes. He berated: “Nonsense, of course the land spirit is alive. When the land spirit dies, the blessed land will be finished as well. Why do you care if it is shedding tears or not, quickly follow the instructions!”


 “Oh, oh. So, it’s like this, my bad, my bad.” Ma Hong Yun was shocked by the Black Tyrant’s anger, he nodded quickly.


 “Concentrate, clear your mind, don’t think excessively, this is the best way to display false emotion fake will Gu’s power to its limit.” Giant Sun’s will continued to instruct.


 Hei Lou Lan closed both of his eyes and breathed gently, a light breeze blew, bringing with it the sweet fragrance of vegetation.


 “Wait a moment, wait a moment!” Ma Hong Yun suddenly screamed.


 “You despicable fellow, are you courting death!” Hei Lou Lan clenched his fist, an immense rage was building in his heart, he was outraged and anxious.


 “Old ancestor, I am a man, he is also a man. Creating feelings between the two of us, I... I am unable to accept it!” Ma Hong Yun was afraid of Hei Lou Lan’s terrifying aura, he whispered while being on guard against Hei Lou Lan, pleading with Giant Sun’s will.


 “You scoundrel...” Hei Lou Lan gnashed his teeth and clenched his fist until they made cracking noises, his eyes revealing an ominous glint.


 Were it not for Giant Sun’s will being right by his side, according to his brutal nature, he would have already sent a punch over, blowing Ma Hong Yun’s brains out.


 “Idiot! Saving the blessed land is the most urgent matter right now. So what if you’re both men, just be free and relax, there will not be a problem! I will always support you!!” Zhao Lian Yun called out, she was fearful of Hei Lou Lan, yet simultaneously her eyes showed some unexplainable excitement.


 “That’s right, husband, look at the big picture, I... I do not mind it,” Chang Li spoke softly in agreement.


 Ma Hong Yun rolled his eyes and shouted: “Hey, this does not involve you so you can talk about it casually! Old Ancestor, I have an idea, how about you let me and my wife do it. Our love is genuine and sincere, you can even save up on using the false emotion fake will Gu.”


 Ma Hong Yun was straightforward, not giving much thought to the complex circumstances.


 As far as Giant Sun’s will was concerned, not using false emotion fake will Gu was out of the question.


 Hei Lou Lan’s killing intent burst out, Ma Hong Yun’s proposal greatly encroached on his benefits, his anger was about to explode, almost reaching his limit, but he did not dare to attack in the presence of Giant Sun’s will, he did not dare to flare up.


 As expected, Giant Sun’s will rejected Ma Hong Yun’s proposal: “Boy, you are too young, true love, is it so easy to find? When calamity strikes, all the birds fly in different directions, human couples are also the same. Do you think this young lady truly loves you? Hehehe.”


 The words of Giant Sun’s will made Chang Li’s complexion pale.


 Indeed, Chang Li had never sincerely loved Ma Hong Yun, originally, she was looked upon as a political bargaining chip by Chang Biao and delivered to Ma Tribe, intended to be used to form good bonds with Ma Ying Jie, but in the end, Chang Biao died, and Chang Li lost her backing. She could only accept her fate and stay by Ma Hong Yun’s side.


 Fortunately, Ma Hong Yun could cultivate to rank three, becoming a Ma Tribe elder, the resources he had available to him were incomparable to before, and as he also had Ma Ying Jie’s trust, he could provide Chang Li with a good life.


 Ma Hong Yun was to become one of Imperial Court blessed land’s owners, and since he was close to Chang Li and Zhao Lian Yun, Giant Sun’s will began to investigate them.


 His investigative method was simple, direct, and effective.


 He separated a portion of his will, and ventured into Chang Li and Zhao Lian Yun’s minds, looking over their memories and thoughts.


 With True Yang Building’s support, along with the method of an Immortal Venerable, Chang Li and Zhao Lian Yun were not even aware that, at this time, each of their secrets were rapidly being learned by Giant Sun’s will.


 “Old Ancestor, what do you mean?” Ma Hong Yun pursed his eyebrows, he was foolish and brazen, while Hei Lou Lan did not dare to offend Giant Sun’s will, he dared to ask a direct question.


 Giant Sun’s will laughed: “You are indeed a fool, boy. Your mind isn’t that sharp, but it is excusable, I will now give you a lesson. This little wife of yours approached you with an ulterior motive, her adoptive father deliberately ordered her to come. Even your heroic action of saving this beauty was merely a show.”


 Chang Li’s complexion immediately turned deathly pale and she trembled from head to toe.


 Hei Lou Lan was indifferent, he was already accustomed to these dirty political games.


 “How could that be?” Ma Hong Yun’s eyes widened, unable to believe this.


 Giant Son’s will then said: “And there is also your little female companion, called Zhao Lian Yun. Hehe, she had matured young and gained some wisdom, she was forced by circumstances to had no choice but to be with you. From the very beginning she had looked down on you, only wanting to protect herself... Of course, now that you have grown stronger, she has gradually become dependent on you.”


 Zhao Lian Yun’s heart went cold, her thoughts were exposed on the spot, making her feel extremely unpleasant, as if the clothes on her body had been forcibly stripped off by someone.


 But facing Giant Sun’s will, she did not dare to refute anything. She wasn’t a normal child, she was a transmigrator, the suffering she had experienced in this life had made her aware of the mystery and cruelty of this world.


 “Eh!?” Suddenly, Giant Sun’s will’s words came to a stop, and his image in the air showed an expression of shock and fear with his eyes wide open.


 “To think, to think that!” Giant Sun’s will’s tone changed abruptly, he stared at Zhao Lian Yun with a hateful gaze, causing her to take a few steps back in fear.


 “To think that you are an otherworldly demon! You are actually lurking by Ma Hong Yun’s side! Hehehe, you have such guts, you are really daring. Unfortunately... you met me.” Giant Sun’s will exuded a strong killing intent.


 “Otherworldly demon, what is that?” Hei Lou Lan was astonished, as it was his first time hearing this term despite his status and experience.


 He looked at Zhao Lian Yun but could not see anything extraordinary about her.


 “Old Ancestor, what are you trying to do!” Ma Hong Yun, no matter how stupid, could recognize something was wrong.


 He sprinted to the front of Zhao Lian Yun, spreading both of his arms, protecting her behind his body.


 “Boy, you want to protect an otherworldly demon?” Giant Sun’s will raised his tone, his expression becoming ice-cold.


 “What otherworldly demon! I don’t know any otherworldly demon, I only know she is Lady Xiao Yun, without her help, I would likely have been killed already.” Ma Hong Yun tried his best to defend Zhao Lian Yun.


 Giant Sun’s will shook his head and sneered. He had no interest in explaining, yet for some reason, he had to explain: “Killed? Boy, you are a person destined to become a Gu Immortal. Had she not helped you, there would definitely have been others who would have given you assistance. Otherworldly demons are enemies of the entire world, they are a huge menace! If we let them grow, the consequences would be unthinkable. In the past, there was an otherworldly demon who managed to grow successfully, the five regions were almost destroyed as a result!”


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes widened.


 The words of Giant Sun’s will were too sensational. Listening to his words, it seemed as if the otherworldly demons could rival rank nine venerables.


 How was it possible?


 But the one who said these words was someone Hei Lou Lan had no choice but to believe.


 For a moment, Hei Lou Lan looked Zhao Lian Yun in the eyes, killing intent emerging.


 “No, Lady Xiao Yun is innocent, you must not harm her!” Ma Hong Yun was extremely determined, he wholeheartedly wanted to protect Zhao Lian Yun.


 Zhao Lian Yun was stunned.


 She looked towards Ma Hong Yun’s lonely and powerless back, her eyes glistening with tears.


 She did not know what bullshit otherworldly demons were, but could surmise that perhaps it was related to her own transmigration.


 She forced herself to wipe her tears, the corners of her lips raising into a determined arc.


 Since Ma Hong Yun wholeheartedly defended her, disregarding his own life, she consequently must not implicate Ma Hong Yun!


 She took a step forward, stopping in front of Ma Hong Yun, she looked at Giant Sun’s will, speaking resoundingly: “You want to take my life, come and take it.”


 “Good.” Giant Sun’s will had a ferocious smile, killing intent boiling with no trace of sympathy.


 He was a huge will congealed by special will Gu, the difference between special wills and other wills were that: they could be given a special command by the Gu Master that would be triggered if specific circumstances were met.


 And Giant Sun’s will, during its formation, was given a profound resolve by the main body —— if it discovered an otherworldly demon, no matter the circumstances, killing the otherworldly demon must take priority!


 Giant Sun’s will had to kill Zhao Lian Yun, to have been able to restrain himself until now was already really remarkable.


 “No——! Ma Hong Yun saw the situation going south, he shouted out in a moment of desperation, extending both his arms and hugged Zhao Lian Yun within his bosom.


 “Otherworldly demon, you deserve to die without pity!” Giant Sun’s will sneered, and started to make his move.


 Yet the next moment, his expression became rigid, and shortly after he faced towards the sky and bellowed: “Damn it——!”


 The roaring voice suddenly came to a spontaneous end, and the image of the will abruptly disappeared in mid-air.


 Giant Sun’s will could sense a formidable, hard to resist force, that pulled it outside of the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 “What is going on?”


 “What happened?!”


 No matter if it was Hei Lou Lan or Ma Hong Yun, both stared blankly at the spot, surprised by the turn of events.


 Just a moment ago, Giant Sun’s will was still brilliant and mighty, how could he suddenly disappear?


 Outside the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the golden speckles of the majestic will enveloped the entire True Yang Building.


 Rumble!


 Large amounts of chaotic lightning balls bombarded in succession, the lightning balls could cause one to sink into confusion and in essence attacked wills.


 Giant Sun’s will was restrained by the chaotic lightning balls, in no time the explosions put him in a tough spot, a portion of his will was damaged and destroyed.


 Meanwhile, the restraining smoke took advantage of the situation, swallowing up the pieces of Giant Sun’s will.


 Giant Sun’s will really was too majestic, though the outer shell suffered the bombardment of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, the inner layer desperately tried to enter the building.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang building, presided over by Giant Sun’s will, was now an empty building, although the structure was intact, the Gu worms stopped functioning.


 Like an army of soldiers suddenly losing their commander-in-chief, they can only rely on their instincts to act.


 At this moment, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had become exceptionally fragile.



***
Chapter 615 - We are fellow apprentice brothers!


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “You little pest, I will kill you!”


 Giant Sun’s will was naturally furious at being subjected to such a scheme once again.


 A portion of the majestic will was immediately sent flooding towards the distant Fang Yuan.


 However, this torrential portion of will was weathered down by the chaotic lightning balls and restraining smoke in the inner layer, shrinking by thirty percent. And after being ground down by the outer layer’s blizzard, it decreased by another twenty percent.


 By the time it approached Fang Yuan, it had already been reduced by more than half.


 “This can only last for about fifteen minutes.” Fang Yuan turned a blind eye to the rapidly approaching attack, his mind was cool as ice, as he silently estimated the duration of this third method.


 His thoughts moved while tightly clenching the glass owner token, and the next moment, he teleported inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 This was a feature of the glass owner token.


 Fang Yuan had been able to move in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building without anyone knowing of it, because of this.


 He appeared on an ice mountain, causing the torrential will to strike empty air.


 It was a scene of white, the icy-cold wind brushed past his face.


 Grrr!


 Three-eyed snow rabbits, at the size of adult men, with bulging muscles, drilled out from the depths of the snowy land, surrounding Fang Yuan in a few moments!


 This was the round that Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been transported to in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The snow rabbits kept on appearing endlessly and soon there were tens of thousands of them glaring at Fang Yuan.


 Just based on close-quarter combat capability, these snow rabbits did not lose to wind wolves or turtleback wolves. Under the environment of ice and snow, their battle strength even surpassed ordinary wolves.


 The large numbers of wild Gu living in their body further increased their ferocity.


 One had to spend a lot of time and energy to break through their obstruction.


 But Fang Yuan was in control of the glass owner token and did not need to use such a forceful method.


 His thoughts moved and the glass owner token gave a faint glimmer.


 The crowd of snow rabbits suddenly appeared to be at a loss, their killing intent instantly dissipating.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand and they dispersed in confusion, drilling into the thick snowy ground, and before long, they were gone.


 Fang Yuan was able to control many floors of True Yang Building with the glass owner token. He had intentionally held back before and did not use up the quota completely, saving several uses for later. Right now, he used it and immediately obtained control over this floor.


 Without the obstruction of Giant Sun’s will, he was this round’s true controller and it was very easy for him to disperse these snow rabbits.


 Crack...


 A glacier split open, revealing a tunnel.


 The tunnel directly extended down the inner part of the ice mountain.


 Fang Yuan moved quickly in this tunnel and soon saw Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was sealed inside an ice block, seemingly in a deep sleep.


 He had been bombarded by chaotic lightning balls when he tried to pass the tribulations before, his mind sunk into chaos and he was not able to think. Thus, he was easily absorbed into the tower by Giant Sun’s will.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not of Giant Sun’s bloodline, and moreover was a Gu Immortal, therefore he could not be easily controlled. To prevent him from causing trouble and to seize the moment to handle the land spirit, Giant Sun’s will took advantage of this to seal him here.


 With a thought from Fang Yuan, the ice block dissolved and Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly woke up.


 “Chang Shan Yin...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng gradually regained his consciousness, he glanced around and recalled, before gazing at Fang Yuan.


 Although he found Fang Yuan’s cruel way of doing things very repugnant, he was grateful at this moment: “You saved me?”


 Fang Yuan arrogantly smiled: “If not me, who else could it be? Tai Bai Yun Sheng, do you know you are facing imminent catastrophe?”


 “Imminent catastrophe?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression changed, but he was a famed character and was not scared by Fang Yuan’s frightening words.


 Instead, he slowly stood up and lightly smiled at Fang Yuan: “Please explain.”


 Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng with indignance and explained: “I was ordered by master to infiltrate into True Yang Building and release the seals on the land spirit, to overturn True Yang Building and take control of Imperial Court blessed land! Master gave me a glass owner token which can use three methods to deal with Giant Sun’s will. But something unexpected happened midway, you suddenly advanced to a Gu Immortal and it was used by Giant Sun’s will to weaken the land spirit, leading to the current peril. Did you think you were favored by Giant Sun’s will? Hmph, he was only using you to protect True Yang Building! Now that you have lost your value, you were sealed up, and if not for me saving you, you would definitely fall into the control of Giant Sun’s will, and end up in extreme misery!”


 “What?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s brows furrowed as he revealed a bewildered expression. Fang Yuan’s words not only contained a lot of information but also were very impactful.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng stared at Fang Yuan, his gaze flashing with a bright light as his brows furrowed deeper: “I had been doubting why I suddenly received the help of Giant Sun’s will, but later absorbed into True Yang Building and sealed up for no reason. Your words explain everything. But if so, who are you? Why did you save me? You might have released me from imprisonment, but it doesn’t mean I will believe you unconditionally!”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Who am I? Look carefully!”


 He then took a step back and right in front of Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he used a knife to slowly cut his skin starting from his forehead.


 A bloodstain extended down to his stomach, following the tip of the knife.


 “What are you...?!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked.


 Fang Yuan chuckled, he then held the knife behind his head and cut downwards. Using his hands in turn, he cut down a long wound smoothly.


 The two long wounds soon exuded scarlet blood.


 An intense pain attacked him, but Fang Yuan’s expression did not change.


 Next, he started slicing at his arms, thighs and other crucial areas.


 His hand was steady as a rock during the whole process, his expression was indifferent as if the one being cut was not him but someone else, not expressing even a trace of pain.


 “What are you doing?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt a chill down his spine and took a step back, doubts forming in his mind.


 But the next moment, his pupils shrunk and his shock could not be concealed on his face.


 He saw Fang Yuan clenching his teeth and peeling his skin off like stripping clothes.


 His movement was neat and efficient, there was almost not even an inch of skin remaining on his whole body. Like a blood monster, there was only a terrifying human shape with scarlet muscles and snow white teeth left behind.


 Next, Fang Yuan activated healing Gu.


 Under the emerald light, new tender skin started to grow over his body.


 The skin gradually covered all his body and after the emerald light dispersed, the one before Tai Bai Yun Sheng was Fang Yuan with his real appearance.


 “Ahh! So you were not Chang Shan Yin, but were just disguised as him. You, who are you?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng might have a benevolent character, but he was not foolish; he immediately realized the truth when he saw this scene.


 His heart was filled with extreme trepidation.


 Looking at Fang Yuan in front of him, he saw the appearance of an ordinary youth, but the presence he emitted was beyond ordinary, especially that pair of dark eyes, like an ancient lake with unfathomable depths.


 He was giving off the intense aura of rank five peak stage, his gaze as chilling as a knife’s edge; Tai Bai Yun Sheng had seen countless people and one look at Fang Yuan told him, the latter was a genius character who was lofty, resolute and did not fear any challenges.


 Even in all his life, the number of such people Tai Bai Yun Sheng had seen could be counted with his fingers.


 “Who am I?” Fang Yuan chuckled, the corners of his lips curled up to reveal a smile, his expression was proud and vivid.


 His burning gaze looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, his tone serious, containing an earnestness that made people want to subconsciously believe in them: “My true name is Fang Yuan, I came to northern plains from central continent because of an important assignment from master, we are fellow disciples.”


 “Fang Yuan? Fellow disciple?” Shocked and astonished feelings attacked Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mind: “What do you mean?”


 “Hmph, you don’t even understand the meaning of fellow disciple? It means my master and your benefactor is the same person, our relation is of fellow apprentices!” Fang Yuan’s brows furrowed and his tone revealed some impatience.


 There was no language barrier between Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan, he naturally understood the term, but he was not able to accept the great significance of it at this moment.


 After he heard Fang Yuan’s explanation, an image appeared in his mind.


 It was an image of an old beggar.


 With disheveled purple-red hair, occasionally he was insane, occasionally he was in a stupor, but when he was clear-headed, his gaze revealed one who had experienced vicissitudes over time and an awe-inspiring aura manifested in him.


 When he was young, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had given the old beggar a bowl of water out of kindness.


 When the old beggar became clear-headed, he gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng three Gu Immortal inheritances to choose from. The young Tai Bai Yun Sheng chose the third inheritance in the end.


 This was the most profound memory in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s life and he had never forgotten it in all his life.


 Many times, he had recalled the old beggar’s image.


 It was him who saved the lost Tai Bai Yun Sheng, pulling Tai Bai Yun Sheng from his lowest point. It could even be said the old beggar created Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Without the old beggar’s help, there would not have been the current Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Master...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng mumbled, he had always regarded the old beggar as his supreme benefactor!


 His whole body involuntarily trembled.


 He had tried to scout out the traces of the old beggar, and had never given up on this. But so many years had gone by and he had almost roamed the whole of northern plains without making any progress in his search.


 The old beggar was mysterious; suddenly appearing before disappearing again.


 Now when Tai Bai Yun Sheng suddenly heard of the news of his benefactor, his heart was filled with excitement, joy and naturally was even more in disbelief.


 “Listen well.” Fang Yuan pointed at Tai Bai Yun Sheng and spoke bluntly, “Benefactor’s name is Purple Mountain True Monarch, master has six great disciples. I, Fang Yuan, am ranked at fifth, I cultivate strength and enslavement path, both are from Gu Immortal inheritances.”


 “Purple Mountain True Monarch, Purple Mountain True Monarch...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng pondered over Fang Yuan’s fabricated name like a treasure, his mind involuntarily thinking of the old beggar’s disheveled purple hair.


 “Master doesn’t care about his appearance and likes to wander around, exploring the unknown. Before I came to northern plains, I heard him mention you and how he gave you three choices but you chose the most useless time path inheritance. Hmph, if it had been me, I would definitely choose the first inheritance, that fire path inheritance that could burn seas and mountains, it has such extreme power.” Fang Yuan’s tone was filled with anger, yearning and regret, his expression was sincere and vivid as if this had really happened.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mind shook. He had never mentioned this experience to outsiders. Fang Yuan, however, described the situation back then so accurately!


 He naturally did not know Fang Yuan had once searched his soul to confirm if he had landscape as before Immortal Gu recipe.


 “Then, you, you are my apprentice brother?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s gaze towards Fang Yuan was a whole lot different now.


 “Hmph!” Fang Yuan twitched his mouth in dissatisfaction, “At most, you can only barely qualify as a disciple in name, benefactor has actually taken in many disciples, but they cannot be compared to legacy disciples like me. But according to master’s rule, as long as a disciple in name can advance to a Gu Immortal, they can become his legacy disciple. According to ranking, you are my... uhh... that... fifth senior brother.”


 “Huh?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s brows slightly furrowed.


 “Hmph, what are you being proud for! It is only because of your Gu Immortal identity, that you are ranked ahead of me.” Fang Yuan coldly looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, “Wait till I become a Gu Immortal, with my enslavement and strength path dual cultivation, I will push you down and I will be your fifth senior brother! But looking at your elderly appearance, you clearly don’t have much lifespan. I might not even need to become a Gu Immortal, I just have to wait for you to die of old age.”


 Fang Yuan’s attitude was extremely rude, even revealing obvious resentment.


 This was where the brilliance of his plan lied.


 If he just spoke eloquent words and made a vow, that might not make Tai Bai Yun Sheng believe him too much. But it was because his words contained an attitude of rejection and also deep emotions, that made Tai Bai Yun Sheng quietly put down his guard and gradually choose to believe him.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng might be quite old, but his experience paled in comparison to Fang Yuan who had five hundred years of experience in his previous life.


 Fang Yuan did not openly explain but using just a few words, he made Tai Bai Yun Sheng interpret the whole story himself and see a glance of his master’s origin.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng muttered: “Then, sixth junior brother...”


 Fang Yuan immediately put out his hand: “Don’t call me that, I am not close to you! My task had been going smoothly but it was destroyed by you. Do you know how much time master had spent to make all the arrangements in Imperial Court blessed land? Now, the situation has changed like this, how do I explain it to master? You can just call me Fang Yuan!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not angry at Fang Yuan’s interruption, instead a guilty feeling emerged in his heart; he chuckled and cupped his fists towards Fang Yuan, asking sincerely: “Then... Fang Yuan, things have already reached this point, how should I help you to recoup the losses for master as much as possible?”


 Success.


 “Hehehe, spectacular, this is too spectacular, kid! You are truly insidious, tsk tsk, swindling a Gu Immortal to your side using just a few words!” Mo Yao had all along been observing this, and at this moment, she could not help revealing herself in Fang Yuan’s mind to praise him.


 Fang Yuan sneered inwardly, on the surface however, he showed an unhappy expression: “Heh, after such a long time, you have finally spoken sense! Master has a discerning eye, he did not nurture a thankless wretch. Knowing to repay kindness is a trait we should have. Hmm... the situation right now is very bad, the crucial thing is there is not much time left. I have already used the third method master left behind, you must cooperate with me now. It will all depend on the two of us!”


 “Please instruct me.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng bowed.


 “First use this.” Fang Yuan grinned and tossed out a fifteen year lifespan Gu.


 “This!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression changed, an astonished expression appearing on his face at the sight of this lifespan Gu.


 “Use it, you may have Immortal Gu Man as Before, but that thing expends a lot of immortal essence. I don’t want you to suddenly end up dead at the crucial moment.” Fang Yuan spoke viciously, with an indifferent expression.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng instead felt a warm feeling in his heart. In his previous five hundred years of life, Fang Yuan’s grasp of the human heart was able to reach to pinnacle after experiencing many trials and hardships..


 “This lifespan Gu...”


 “My glass owner token can control only a small number of the rounds. True Yang Building only has a single lifespan Gu, quickly use it, stop wasting time!”


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not use it, he kept it in his pocket.


 He thought of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai.


 Until now, he was still feeling guilty.


 The lifespan Gu in his hand had a scent of blood that was very familiar to him.


 “What is going on with you?” Fang Yuan acted furious, pretending not to know.


 “There are reasons...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyelids drooped, he raised his gaze, looking at Fang Yuan with a determined look: “All in all, don’t worry, I can provide you the greatest assistance!”


 Fang Yuan grabbed onto Tai Bai Yun Sheng, gritting his teeth: “Bastard, do you know that I disregarded the consequences in using the glass owner token just to obtain this lifespan Gu?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was silent, his expression was gentle as jade, but he was very determined.


 Fang Yuan’s words made his heart feel great warmth, his last lingering trace of suspicion vanished like smoke.


 After looking at each other for a while, Fang Yuan seemed to have felt Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s determination as he retracted his gaze: “Hmph, if you did not become a Gu Immortal and are also a legacy disciple, I would not care if you died. Alright, according to the details of your inheritance and your tribulation performance, you should have the Immortal Gu Landscape as Before now, right?”


 “Mm.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded: “Yes, that is correct.”


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, his mouth cracked open to show his snow-white teeth, he did not conceal his joy: “Very good, come with me!”


 Saying so, a large number of starlight firefly Gu flew out of his aperture.


 “Oh, that’s right, hold these two for me, put it on your aperture, I cannot bring them along.” Fang Yuan tossed casually.


 “Immortal Gu!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s pupils shrunk.


 A moment later, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan entered Hu Immortal blessed land using the stargate.



***
Chapter 616 - Repairing Dang Hun mountain


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Master, you are finally back!” Little Hu Immortal was already waiting before the stargate and when Fang Yuan appeared, she immediately jumped towards him and hugged his leg, rubbing it with her cute rosy cheeks.


 “Hehe, you have worked hard during these days when I was not here.” Fang Yuan smiled warmly and lightly stroked Little Hu Immortal’s head.


 Little Hu Immortal’s fox ears shivered slightly, a blissful expression appeared on her face and her snow-white tail started shaking lightly behind her.


 “This is... a land spirit? So this is a blessed land!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng stepped out of the stargate closely after Fang Yuan, and was startled at seeing Little Hu Immortal.


 He had heard Little Hu Immortal addressing Fang Yuan as ‘master’.


 Fang Yuan was only a mortal, but he already possessed a blessed land! In history, there were some people who had such fortune. The most famous one was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. He had luckily inherited Imperial Court blessed land when he was still just a mortal. And in his later cultivation journey, Imperial Court blessed land was of huge assistance.


 “Haha, this blessed land’s name is Hu Immortal blessed land. I seized it forcibly from several sects of central continent, under master’s order.” Fang Yuan proudly replied.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s gaze immediately changed.


 There was a difference between immortal and mortal, but right now, he was looking at Fang Yuan as an equal, asking: “I would assume that the process of snatching this blessed land was very dangerous, right?”


 “Naturally, even now when I think of it, I still have some lingering fear.” Fang Yuan laughed heartily, “But in the end, winner takes all, everything is just that simple. I obtained the blessed land, becoming the final winner. The greater the risk, the greater the profits!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, sighing inwardly: this profit is simply too immense!


 A blessed land with a land spirit was the immortal aperture of a fallen Gu Immortal. Possessing such a blessed land was akin to inheriting the Gu Immortal’s immortal aperture and cultivation resources!


 Simultaneously, the impression of Fang Yuan’s audacious nature deepened by another level in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mind.


 “Master, who is he? His aura is strong.” Little Hu Immortal sensed Tai Bai Yun Sheng brimming with Gu Immortal aura. She could not help but be tense, gripping on Fang Yuan’s pants, appearing somewhat nervous and on guard.


 “Relax, he is on our side, and is here to help us save Dang Hun mountain.” Fang Yuan comforted Little Hu Immortal, “Take us to Dang Hun mountain.”


 Little Hu Immortal’s eyes brightened upon hearing this. She trusted her master’s words unconditionally.


 She immediately let down her guard and disappeared on the spot, taking Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng with her.


 The next moment, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were teleported to the center of the blessed land, the location of Dang Hun mountain.


 Dang Hun mountain had already been deformed completely from the corrosion of Gruel Mud. Only a small mound remained of the lofty Dang Hun mountain.


 Dang Hun Palace, which was on Dang Hun mountain previously, had naturally been destroyed.


 “Master, if you arrived any later, you would not have been able to see Dang Hun mountain.” Little Hu Immortal said with a sorrowful voice.


 Fang Yuan lightly petted her head, then looked towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a smart man and from this scene along with Fang Yuan’s previous words, he could guess Fang Yuan’s intention in bringing him here.


 He nodded towards Fang Yuan, before taking out landscape as before Gu from his aperture.


 Immediately, the surging aura of an Immortal Gu filled the surroundings.


 “This is?” Little Hu Immortal’s bright eyes opened wide upon this first encounter with landscape as before Gu.


 Landscape as before Gu was like a ladybug, it was the size of a fist and had the color of green jade.


 Its round shell was engraved with natural patterns; half of the patterns portrayed rivers and lakes that twisted and turned, flowing continuously, while the other half was of mountains and hills, precipitous and overlaid upon one another.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng gave a soft shout; a bead of green grape immortal essence turned into a stream of light that instantly poured into landscape as before Gu.


 The Immortal Gu suddenly burst out with green jade light that soared to an extreme height, giving off a radiance that people could not look at intently.


 The light radiance covered the remaining Dang Hun mountain.


 The corrosion of Gruel Mud on Dang Hun mountain immediately paused under the illumination of the green light. Immortal Gu Gruel Mud’s power was quickly neutralized and then vanquished.


 The green light gradually dimmed; Tai Bai Yun Sheng then threw in another bead of green grape immortal essence.


 The green light brightened again, covering the devastated Dang Hun mountain and continually cleansing it.


 The small mound sized Dang Hun mountain started to grow and strengthen at a visible speed under the radiance.


 “Dang Hun mountain is changing back!” Little Hu Immortal clapped her little hands, prancing around happily.


 But the good scene did not last long, Dang Hun mountain only recovered by twenty percent when the green light weakened again.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression changed slightly: “What kind of mountain is this? It actually exhausted a green grape immortal essence!”


 He was able to create thirty-six green grape immortal essence beads in his ascension to Gu Immortal. But later, using movement Gu crazily to dodge chaotic lightning balls expended one bead of immortal essence. Then in his own immortal aperture, to resist the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity after the formation of Immortal Gu, he had continuously activated landscape as before Gu to restore his aperture to its previous condition, spending three whole beads on it.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a clear understanding of how precious immortal essence was; now he had just started to restore Dang Hun mountain but had used up two beads of immortal essence.


 At this rate, he would have to at least expend five to six beads of green grape immortal essence!


 Fang Yuan smiled: “Dang Hun mountain.”


 “Dang Hun mountain?” When Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard the name, his expression underwent a great change, his eyes opened wide and he spoke with a shocked tone, “Could it be?”


 “It is indeed the one in >, how could there be another Dang Hun mountain?” Fang Yuan laughed.


 “To think, to think I would actually be able to see the legendary Dang Hun mountain! This is the sacred land of soul path cultivators that Spectral Soul Demon Venerable had praised endlessly.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was extremely moved as he kept on exclaiming in admiration.


 It was the first time even for him to witness a thing of such legend.


 When he glanced at Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s gaze had another subtle change.


 He did not say anything else but quietly used a third bead of immortal essence to maintain the activation of landscape as before Gu.


 This time, Dang Hun mountain was restored to forty percent before the green light dimmed.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng used a fourth bead, then a fifth bead and finally a sixth bead before Dang Hun mountain fully recovered.


 “It is truly Dang Hun mountain, requiring six whole beads of green grape immortal essence to recover completely.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng mumbled while looking at the tall mountain in front of him.


 Dang Hun mountain was magnificently beautiful; ordinary mountains could not even compare to it.


 It was a pink crystal mountain, emitting an unforgettably dreamy radiance.


 “Mast... Master, Dang Hun mountain’s disease has been treated.” Little Hu Immortal’s eyes had turned red, “Sob sob sob....”


 She cried tears of joy, before lowering her head and using her delicate little hands to wipe the tears.


 Fang Yuan also let out a breath of turbid air when he gazed at Dang Hun mountain.


 Now, the objective for infiltrating into northern plains was finally achieved!


 So many days and nights of effort, taking risks in the battlefields, disguising, racking his brains to scheme; they were all not in vain.


 At this moment, a soaring fire burned in Fang Yuan’s heart.


 This burning fire had a name — ambition!


 Restoring Dang Hun mountain could no longer satisfy his appetite. There were still opportunities left in Imperial Court blessed land!


 Especially now, Giant Sun’s will was expelled out of the tower; Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had become akin to an ownerless object.


 Even if false emotion fake will Gu was an Immortal Gu and was difficult to capture, Fang Yuan had used his silver tongue to obtain Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s trust, succeeding in roping in the crucial battle power that could influence the situation.


 When the time comes, using a Gu Immortal’s will, forcefully refining false emotion fake will Gu was not an impossible matter.


 “Let’s go, back to northern plains.” Fang Yuan came and left just as quickly, with Tai Bai Yun Sheng in tow.


 Before leaving, he handed burial soul toad to Little Hu Immortal.


 Burial soul toad was a storage Gu used to store souls. There were souls of humans and beasts, and they had mostly been gathered by Fang Yuan from the battlefields.


 These would turn into large numbers of guts Gu through Dang Hun mountain.


 When they returned to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, the starlight firefly Gu supporting the stargate were already spent by over half; Fang Yuan quickly stored what remained into his aperture.


 It was extremely difficult to accumulate starlight firefly Gu. The current amount could only support one more activation of the stargate.


 “We are back again.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was deeply moved.


 In this trip, he had directly gone from northern plains to central continent and back to northern plains from central continent. It was truly a travel disregarding distance, he felt like he was free to go anywhere in the world!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had only heard of hole earth Gu and connecting heaven Gu in methods that could allow one to connect between blessed lands and grotto-heavens; he had never heard of the method Fang Yuan used.


 “Probably only people like sixth junior brother are worthy of such mystical methods. Maybe this was imparted to him by master.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng trusted Fang Yuan even more after the trip to Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan was only a mortal at the moment, but he possessed a blessed land, this by itself was sufficient to prove many issues.


 Dang Hun mountain’s magnificent scene was even more deeply imprinted in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mind.


 Seeing is believing!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had no choice but to believe it.


 Fang Yuan first revealed his true appearance, then used lifespan Gu, revealing secret information to obtain Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s trust. Fang Yuan had also resolved the doubt in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart — why True Yang Building had helped him endure the tribulation for no rhyme or reason.


 Fang Yuan’s words and the evidence he showed to Tai Bai Yun Sheng were almost all true, except the lies at the crucial points.


 Nine truths and one lie; the lie would eventually become the truth. Especially when this lie involved the deepest secret of Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Tai Bai Yun Sheng had never revealed it to outsiders while Fang Yuan knew it by soul searching.


 Among all these, the true marvel lied in Fang Yuan grasping Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s psychology completely.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been feeling extreme guilt after betraying Gao Yang and Zhu Zai; he denied the value of his own existence. Under stimulation, he went through Gu Immortal ascension and even charged towards tribulation, thinking of ending it all.


 But when he successfully passed the tribulation and became a Gu Immortal, he stood at a whole new height, looking at a different scene.


 His mind came back to life, and after passing the tribulation with much difficulty as well as getting his immortal aperture blessed land, he did not want to die anymore.


 He wanted to make a fresh start.


 But he had an unresolved matter tugging his heart.


 He needed hope, he needed acknowledgement!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng himself was not aware of this psychological need. But Fang Yuan was aware and gave him this acknowledgement.


 Fang Yuan’s acknowledgement, in a certain way, represented his master’s acknowledgement.


 And Tai Bai Yun Sheng respected his benefactor deeply. His master’s acknowledgement made him feel there was value in him being alive. A mysterious force and a completely new environment attracted his interest.


 He had been at the peak of mortals and had experienced all that the mortal world could provide, but in the journey of immortals, he was a child that had just begun to move.


 The fifteen year lifespan Gu was in his pocket. He was no longer worried and guilty. He chose to believe Fang Yuan, not only because Fang Yuan explained everything and there were not many pieces of evidence he could contest, but even more importantly —


 In the very depths of his heart, he wanted to believe in Fang Yuan!


 Every single person who was cheated, was it because they were stupid?


 No, it was only because they wanted to believe in it from the depths of their heart.


 “Here, your Immortal Gu.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng tossed Fixed Immortal Travel and flying bear phantom Gu to Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan nonchalantly accepted them; this casual attitude towards Immortal Gu caused another ripple in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart and trust.


 But he received a great shock when Fang Yuan brought out the glass owner token, as at the next moment, he appeared in another round.


 Tall and ancient trees were everywhere. Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were within a dense forest.


 Roars and howls interlinked together, giant trees pulled out their roots and stood up, turning into tall treemen.


 Within a few moments, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were surrounded by treemen one after another.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a grim expression; one treeman was nothing to him, but the number of treemen here was extremely astonishing, and to completely exterminate them would require him to pay a significant price.


 But the next moment, Fang Yuan lightly waved his glass owner token, and this round immediately became under his control.


 The treemen stopped moving forward, their killing intent gone as if it was never there.


 While Tai Bai Yun Sheng was wearing a stupefied expression, Fang Yuan grabbed his arm and directly teleported in front of Hei Lou Lan and Ma Hong Yun.


 There was already an enormous change in the situation here.


 Frost Jade Peacock was half-lying on the ground, with Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun turtling up under its wings. Surrounding it were layers after layers of treemen unfolding mad attacks.


 Hei Lou Lan was fighting nearby with false emotion fake will Gu resting on his shoulder.


 He blocked the attacks of the treemen while also launching attacks at Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun at the same time.


 But these attacks were blocked by the light barrier from Frost Jade Peacock before they could even reach their targets.


 “Lord Hei Lou Lan, you are also being attacked by the treemen, your situation is the same as ours! We have neither hatred nor grievance between us, why must you try to kill us?” Ma Hong Yun shouted.


 Hei Lou Lan snorted: “Didn’t you hear what old ancestor said? Your girl is an otherworldly demon with a mysterious background and will be a cause of endless disasters, she must be eliminated! Who knows if she and the Chang Shan Yin impersonator are on the same side! Old ancestor was about to attack her just earlier, but suddenly disappeared due to some mishap. You have Giant Sun’s bloodline, you are a person of northern plains; you are actually not able to distinguish right and wrong, you dare to shield an otherworldly demon!”


 Ma Hong Yun was furious and immediately retorted: “She is not an otherworldly demon that you all claim, she is innocent! Lord Hei Lou Lan, don’t waste your strength in vain, we have already received the land spirit’s recognition; with the land spirit with us, you can’t kill us!”


 When Giant Sun’s will was thrown out of the tower, this round did not have any controller and operated by itself; the treemen treated the land spirit, Ma Hong Yun and others as challengers challenging the round.


 Hei Lou Lan wanted to kill Zhao Lian Yun in place of Giant Sun’s will. Ma Hong Yun was ready to give up his life to save her, which strongly shook Zhao Lian Yun’s heart and she started feeling true love for him.


 Ma Hong Yun had already treated Zhao Lian Yun with earnest feelings; the two loved each other, and the land spirit acknowledged them as its masters by its own accord.


 In this dangerous situation, the land spirit raised a defensive barrier around them, protecting them from the fatal attacks of the treemen and Hei Lou Lan.


 As for Chang Li, she had already died miserably under the attacks of the treemen.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng appeared on the crown of a treeman, observing the battle situation.


 “Ma Hong Yun... he actually obtained the land spirit’s recognition. Hmph, this kid’s dogshit luck is truly powerful.” Fang Yuan mumbled with a complex expression.


 “You know him?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was somewhat astonished as he had not thought the grand Fang Yuan would actually recognize this rank three initial stage minor character.


 “It is you!” Hei Lou Lan quickly sensed the distant Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng; his eyes opened wide as he swiftly jumped back like he was facing a great enemy.


 His eyes twitched and his heart had already sunk.


 Giant Sun’s will had suddenly disappeared, and the mysterious man impersonating Chang Shan Yin appeared with Gu Immortal Tai Bai Yun Sheng standing beside him, and the two seemed to have a very close relation at that! This was extremely unfavorable to Hei Lou Lan.


 Ma Hong Yun, however, did not sense anything. The defensive barrier raised by the land spirit was shrinking constantly as it was attacked by the innumerable treemen. His and Zhao Lian Yun’s sight were blocked by the dense amount of trees and leaves.


 “What do we do now?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked calmly while casting a glance towards the gloomy Hei Lou Lan.


 Fang Yuan sneered: “We need Imperial Court blessed land’s land spirit, Frost Jade Peacock’s strength to topple True Yang Building! Frost Jade Peacock might have already recognized its masters, but because Giant Sun’s will is not present, the seals on it are not being manipulated and it is barely surviving. Most of its strength had already been sealed again. The defensive barrier is also on the brink of collapse and simply won’t be able to block me. I will go kill Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun. You go deal with Hei Lou Lan and seize the false emotion fake will Gu, I trust that it won’t be a problem with your Gu Immortal battle strength. Let’s move, we don’t have much time!”


 “Immortal and mortal are vastly different, it is just like a wide chasm separates them. You don’t need to worry.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng lightly smiled, moving elegantly towards Hei Lou Lan.


 Fang Yuan directly shot forward towards Ma Hong Yun.


 The surrounding treemen followed him under his control.


 “Such a pity... Ma Hong Yun, I originally wanted to use you as a key to control the events of the future. But who told you to block my way? No matter how good your luck is, your death is certain today!” The brimming killing intent in his heart surfaced as a malevolent smile on Fang Yuan’s face.



***
Chapter 617 - The reason for overwhelming fortune


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Bam bam bam!


 Three ten meter tall treemen raised their hammer-like fists as they attacked time and time again, crashing on the light barrier.


 Frost Jade Peacock cried out sorrowfully.


 Its huge wings were sealed by gold, only the land spirit’s head was still exposed.


 “My masters, I cannot hold on anymore.” The land spirit sighed, its long eyelashes trembling slightly. The light barrier was getting weaker, and under the treemen’s endless attacks, it was on the brink of collapsing.


 What was more scary was, Fang Yuan was closing in!


 Imperial Court blessed land was already in bad shape, and the land spirit, Frost Jade Peacock, was sealed, the remaining strength of the barrier was not a problem for Fang Yuan, he could break through it any moment.


 The fatal threat had already arrived, but Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun still had no idea.


 Even though they could not sense Fang Yuan, the thick aura of death was suffocating them.


 Zhao Lian Yun was silent and did not speak, she hid in Ma Hong Yun’s arms as she shut her eyes.


 After all, she was an ordinary woman.


 Ma Hong Yun continually comforted her in a soft voice, even though he felt no hope himself.


 “It’s over.” Fang Yuan shot out like lightning, stepping on twigs and branches as he entered the innermost layer of the treeman encirclement.


 But just when he was about to execute the finishing blow, as he was charging, Mo Yao shouted in his head: “Eh? This aura! Wait... stop quickly!”


 “What is it?” Fang Yuan’s momentum was lost, he stopped at a high area on a tree as he asked in suspicion.


 Ever since Mo Yao’s will entered his head, he had never felt such intense emotions from her before!


 At this moment, Mo Yao showed herself in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 She had tears all over her face as her slim body was shivering, she was muttering: “This aura, this aura... there’s no mistake, there’s absolutely no mistake! This is the aura of fortune rivalling heaven Gu!”


 “Fortune rivalling heaven Gu?!” Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, as he immediately recalled.


 Mo Yao had researched deeply about Eighty-Eight True Yang Building in her lifetime, taking a huge risk to enter the true inheritance secluded domain for her lover Bo Qing.


 Her original motive was to obtain the supreme true inheritance of luck path, she wanted to steal the fortune rivalling heaven Gu in it.


 But in the end, she only succeeded partially.


 As she spent a lot of effort and exerted all her strength, she was able to create a crack in the luck path true inheritance.


 However, fortune rivalling heaven Gu flew into this crack and vanished into thin air.


 But Mo Yao did not return empty handed, she obtained a portion of the luck path inheritance’s details. Combined with her refinement path grandmaster foundation, she eventually refined calamity beckoning Gu.


 But calamity beckoning Gu was inferior to fortune rivalling heaven Gu, Mo Yao used it to help Bo Qing with his tribulation, and in the end both of them died.


 Eventually, Fang Yuan found Mo Yao’s inheritance and refined calamity beckoning Gu once again, accepting Mo Yao’s request to return the rank seven Gu House Water Pavilion to Spirit Affinity House.


 Now, Mo Yao felt the aura of fortune rivalling heaven Gu, this was a crucial Immortal Gu that she had failed to obtain after spending her entire life and putting in immeasurable effort.


 It was understandable that she had become so agitated and emotional.


 “Fortune rivalling heaven Gu’s aura is on this lad! I can’t believe it, I, Mo Yao, spent my entire life and nearly died in the secluded domain, but eventually the fortune rivalling heaven Gu escaped and this mortal lad got it by chance. Hehehe, is this life?” Mo Yao raised her head and sighed, as she laughed and cried, her tone was extremely dejected.


 Fang Yuan squinted, his eyes glowing with cold light.


 He asked in his heart: “That means fortune rivalling heaven Gu is currently on Ma Hong Yun? Can you confirm that?!”


 “Of course, I can never forget the aura of fortune rivalling heaven Gu!” Mo Yao replied unhesitatingly.


 She continued and said: “Fortune rivalling heaven Gu is a one time expenditure rank eight Gu. It is formless and ethereal, being in essence a lump of luck, it is extremely difficult to capture with ordinary methods. Back then, my main body could not capture it, thus it managed to fly away from the scene and vanish without a trace. Even True Yang Building could not trap it. It must’ve escaped to northern plains, roaming until it landed on that lad!”


 “So it is a one time expenditure Gu...” Fang Yuan was extremely disappointed.


 Fortune rivalling heaven Gu was the greatest treasure in Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path inheritance, it had extremely great value.


 Fang Yuan was unable to gain benefits in the true inheritance secluded domain, but if he could take fortune rivalling heaven Gu away from Ma Hong Yun, that would be the best.


 But unfortunately, fortune rivalling heaven could only be used once before it vanished.


 “Fang Yuan, you have to be careful! Fortune rivalling heaven Gu is extremely special, back then Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had fortuitous encounters endlessly, time after time he would turn disasters into blessings, he unceasingly had great luck, and he relied on this Gu to a great extent. Ma Hong Yun is affected by fortune rivalling heaven Gu, he is a true child of luck! His luck could be said to be ranked at number one in the five regions!! The luck that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had back then would very possibly be replicated in him. Although luck is formless and ethereal, it is a part of strength and cannot be underestimated!” Mo Yao quickly said anxiously.


 “I know what to do.” Fang Yuan held in his killing intent, his expression turning cold as he stopped on the tree branch, not attacking abruptly.


 He looked down from above, at Ma Hong Yun and others, allowing the treemen below him to attack.


 Actually, the two were not too far from each other, but even Frost Jade Peacock did not discover him.


 This showed how weak the land spirit was right now.


 It was obvious at one glance that the two sides had great difference in strength, it seemed that victory was in sight, and killing Ma Hong Yun was extremely easy.


 But Fang Yuan did not think so, he was once a Gu Immortal, his vision surpassed mortals.


 He understood: These so called paths — wisdom path, refinement path, metal path, time path and others, they looked like they were combinations of complex series of Gu worms gathered together, but in actuality, they were the deciphering of one’s understanding towards heaven and earth, towards the mysteries of the universe.


 Luck path was the same.


 Based on Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s example, one could see that luck path, even compared to other paths, could more deeply explain the mysteries of heaven and earth in some aspect.


 Fang Yuan had never looked down on Ma Hong Yun, he had always been vigilant towards him.


 Because his previous life’s memories made him understand how high Ma Hong Yun’s future achievements would be.


 In his previous life, Ma Hong Yun became the pillar of northern plains, the leader that resisted the attack of central continent Gu Immortals! When Fang Yuan was killed by the barrage of Gu Immortals, he was still growing and developing.


 Fang Yuan knew about Ma Hong Yun’s growth, and now he finally understood the origin of Ma Hong Yun’s heaven defying luck.


 That was, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s greatest achievement in luck path — fortune rivalling heaven Gu!


 And the cause of all this was Mo Yao who was residing in his mind!


 Luck did not have any physical form, and it could not be touched, but Fang Yuan knew the ability of this mystical power.


 “No wonder Giant Sun’s will purposely chose Hei Lou Lan and Ma Hong Yun as the people to become the land spirit’s master. Hei Lou Lan is the strongest person among his bloodline descendants, while Ma Hong Yun had fortune rivalling heaven Gu.”


 Fang Yuan felt that this situation was troublesome.


 Although Ma Hong Yun was a tiny rank three Gu Master, he had the power of a rank eight Immortal Gu protecting him!


 A rank eight Immortal Gu, only inferior to rank nine, such as the wisdom Gu and strength Gu of legends. It had absurd and unimaginable strength, anyone who underestimated it would face a pitiful end.


 Fang Yuan was only a mortal, back then in the true inheritance secluded domain, he could not even get close to the rank seven human qi Gu, not to mention the rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Gu.


 Ma Hong Yun looked harmless, but in all his experiences, when did he ever suffer a true loss? Every time, he benefited from difficulties and had endless fortuitous encounters, all those who wished to harm or kill him faced a terrible end.


 Although every time he did not personally take action, but there would always be an external force or accident, along with a series of small coincidences, all of these added together to form a shocking power!


 Fang Yuan suddenly thought of Giant Sun’s will.


 Earlier, Giant Sun’s will wanted to exterminate Zhao Lian Yun, but Ma Hong Yun protected her with his life. This was as if Giant Sun’s will had become an enemy of Ma Hong Yun.


 Just as Giant Sun’s will was about to strike, Fang Yuan appeared, pulling out True Yang Building and causing the heavenly tribulation to strike him.


 “Even Giant Sun’s will fell prey huh...” Fang Yuan looked at this from another angle and was shocked.


 “I have the glass owner token, I can check the situation inside the entire Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Why did I not strike earlier? Actually, it was completely unintentional! Or maybe... I heard that Zhao Lian Yun was an otherworldly demon and wanted to protect her, I was curious and wanted to investigate this?” Fang Yuan recalled the scene.


 Giant Sun’s will’s was expelled from True Yang Building, he could be said to be the culprit. But the timing was too coincidental, it allowed Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun to escape death.


 “If I suddenly attack Ma Hong Yun, would I be like Giant Sun’s will, will an outside force intervene, or will an accident occur?”


 Fang Yuan grabbed his glass owner token, considering his plans again.


 “Wait!” Fang Yuan thought about it again: “What I’ve heard on this matter was only Mo Yao’s statement. It seems to be credible, but what if she lied to me due to some special reason?”


 Fang Yuan suddenly thought of this.


 Thus, he asked Mo Yao in his heart: “Strange, earlier when I used luck inspection Gu, I observed the luck of everyone in the sacred palace. If Ma Hong Yun had the fortune rivalling heaven Gu, why did I not discover it? I could only see that the two with the highest luck were Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.”


 Mo Yao seemed to have predicted this question, she immediately answered: “What’s so strange about this? Fortune rivalling heaven Gu is a rank eight Immortal Gu, your luck inspection Gu is only a rank five mortal Gu, an investigative Gu that can allow a Gu Master to see luck despite its formlessness. How can a rank five investigative Gu discover the luck created by a rank eight Immortal Gu?”


 “If I cannot see it, how can I be sure that Ma Hong Yun has fortune rivalling heaven Gu’s influence on him?” Fang Yuan did not relent, he continued asking.


 “Oh Fang Yuan, you are too suspicious.” Mo Yao sighed, immediately answering: “There is a method to make sure. That is to use investigative Gu and check your own luck. Every time you act against the child of luck, because of the mutual influence between luck, your luck will become bad, or even worse. If you do not believe me, you can check it that way.”


 Time was limited, Fang Yuan immediately used luck inspection Gu.


 His vision changed abruptly.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun’s luck were rather tiny, they were the same as ordinary people.


 Meanwhile, there was a massive black luck, almost three hundred meters tall, high enough to pierce heaven and earth!



***
Chapter 618 - Great Strength True Martial Physique


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 This black luck aura was so dark that it reached the point of being extremely oppressive. The coffin shaped aura was tightly covering Fang Yuan.


 Since an unknown time ago, the black aura on Fang Yuan had become much larger and much deeper.


 Far away, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan were engaged in an intense battle.


 The luck aura of the two were exceptionally clear.


 Above Hei Lou Lan was still the azure luck aura that gave a lasting feeling like a towering tree. The luck on Tai Bai Yun Sheng, however, was smaller than before, not even one-sixth of the original amount; it was no longer the bright burning red cloud, instead it was the shade of heavy evening mist that almost looked like a dark cloud.


 Fang Yuan moved his sight back to above him and started testing like Mo Yao said.


 Just like Mo Yao said, whenever he thought of attacking Ma Hong Yun, the black coffin luck on him enlarged a little and its dark shade seemed to become even gloomier.


 “Fang Yuan, you should leave this troubled place as quickly as possible. The black coffin luck on you right now is too dense and too frightening. Your life is under great threat now! Don’t underestimate luck just because it is ethereal, just think of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s unrivalled powers. You are deep in danger right now, the black coffin luck has not worked its magic yet, but the karma will hit you eventually, it is only that the time is not ripe yet.”


 Mo Yao continued to persuade Fang Yuan.


 But Fang Yuan coldly snorted and replied with a resolute will: “Asking me to retreat? Being scared off by merely bad luck? Hehe, how could that be possible!”


 He narrowed his eyes, his lips slightly curled up, revealing his snow-white teeth as he looked down from the cover of the treetop: “No matter how bad the luck becomes, it cannot attack me directly. It will need to rely on external influences to kill me. Right now, at this moment, at this place, I want to see who can obstruct me!”


 Killing intent surged and bubbled in Fang Yuan’s heart.


 He believed in the power of luck path, but he believed in himself even more!


 He needed to kill Ma Hong Yun!!


 He had to try!!!


 If Fang Yuan cowered just because of luck, would it conform to his style?


 Ordinary people would feel regret after facing the consequences, but he Fang Yuan would not feel any!


 “Have you gone crazy? That is a rank eight Immortal Gu!” Mo Yao screamed when she felt the dense killing intent in Fang Yuan.


 “Hehehe, precisely because the enemy is this strong, the battle would be even more interesting, wouldn’t it?” Fang Yuan instead laughed freely. Right now, he no longer had short hair of Chang Shan Yin, but had long black hair that fluttered freely with the wind and his countenance revealed a crazed recklessness.


 He was never against bullying the weak, but even more than that, he had the bravery to fight the strong.


 How could one obtain a tiger cub without entering the tiger’s den?


 If he did not stake it all at this moment, then when should he?!


 “Fate teases the turbulent sea, cowardly insects avoid waves and flow along the current. A brave man does not need much wisdom, there is not regret or pain even if his body crumbles.” Fang Yuan mumbled before restraining his crazed mood, his expression turning tranquil. ( )


 “Lunatic, you have gone mad...” Mo Yao continued to mutter.


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s killing intent had accumulated to the peak.


 The black coffin luck aura above him subsequently inflated, expanding by three times within moments!


 “Let me see who will save you! Fortune rivalling heaven Gu, let me look at your might.”


 Fang Yuan made a motion to attack.


 BOOOM!


 An explosion occurred; the majestic wind current it created formed into a strong gale that pressed on from a distance.


 Hei Lou Lan was standing unstably; while Tai Bai Yun Sheng got up from the crater, fresh blood flowing from his mouth.


 He looked at Hei Lou Lan who was floating in the air, shock apparent on his face: “You are actually...”


 Before he finished his words, Hei Lou Lan charged at him again.


 BOOM!


 Ground shook and dust surged everywhere.


 “Ten extreme physique.” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk as he muttered the answer in place of Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 He had never imagined Hei Lou Lan to actually have the ten extreme physique. And from the looks of it, it was extremely likely to be the great strength true martial physique of the ten extreme physiques!


 Several breaths later, a shadow flew out from the dust.


 It was Tai Bai Yun Sheng!


 His hair was a mess, dust covered his face; his chest was caved in till it revealed the deathly white bones.


 Blood sprayed out like a spring.


 But a green light soon covered his body and the blood-flow immediately stopped; the heavy injuries on his body also quickly recovered.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had exchanged intel back at Hu Immortal blessed land. And he knew Tai Bai Yun Sheng possessed two Immortal Gu, landscape as before Gu and man as before Gu.


 However, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was clearly not using the Immortal Gu Man as Before, but instead ordinary healing Gu.


 Immortal Gu Man as Before required immortal essence to be activated, and had extremely great effects, but it was not easy to gather immortal essence. Thus, unless as a final resort, Gu Immortals would not easily use Immortal Gu.


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng, you are a grand Gu Immortal but are afraid of me, a mortal?” A roar shook the sky and earth.


 Hei Lou Lan flew to the sky and started hunting down Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Such an intense ten extreme aura... terrifying! Hei Lou Lan not only has the ten extreme physique, he is also already on the verge of self-detonation!” Fang Yuan was able to decipher many details right now.


 Back then at Qing Mao mountain, Fang Yuan had relied on Bai Ning Bing’s northern dark ice soul physique to cross realms and fight a strong enemy, and overturn the situation.


 Bai Ning Bing was only rank three back then!


 As the ten extreme physique’s cultivation increased, the power of their self-detonation would increase sharply by many times.


 The self-detonation of the rank five peak stage Hei Lou Lan would be beyond compare, so terrifying that even killing Gu Immortals would not be a problem!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a bitter expression on his face, with not even the slightest battle intent.


 Previously, Hei Lou Lan’s ten extreme physique was sealed by Immortal Gu Dark Limit, not leaking out even a trace of its aura.


 Now that he had torn off the seal, his majestic aura would cause terror to emerge in one’s heart.


 He was now a large human shaped bomb, who would dare to approach him? What if he exploded!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had just advanced to a Gu Immortal, wouldn’t it be injustice if he was killed by the desperate Hei Lou Lan in his impending death?


 “I had never thought Hei Lou Lan would actually have great strength true martial physique of the ten extreme physiques. And he has actually managed to grow to this extent!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng fled with astonishing speed.


 He was a flying master and his cloud path Gu was also one of the better movement Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan was hunting him down from behind but could only look helplessly as the distance between them increased further and further.


 Rumble!


 Hei Lou Lan was furious, suddenly throwing a punch.


 This punch had terrifying momentum as it directly broke the sound barrier and burst the surrounding air!


 Following this punch, a fist qi suddenly flew out, forming into a strength path phantom figure.


 Fang Yuan had also attacked with many beast strength phantoms back in southern border, but the phantom that Hei Lou Lan summoned was not beast shaped, instead it was human shaped.


 And this human strength phantom was a vivid image of Hei Lou Lan.


 The obese body like that of a bear, the jagged snow-white teeth that were like daggers. A pair of triangular eyes which flashed with malevolent glint. It was truly a second Hei Lou Lan!


 “Even if I combine all the beast strength phantoms I used back at southern border, they might not be the human strength phantom’s match!” Fang Yuan’s eyelids twitched.


 He had extraordinary judgemental ability and immediately saw the extremely high battle strength that this human strength phantom possessed. It was full of spirituality; once it was summoned, it could chase the enemy of its own will.


 This was the strength of rank five peak stage great strength true martial physique!


 Simply terrifying!


 But how powerful this strength was, Fang Yuan could not estimate it easily. Unless he personally went to battle and experienced it for himself.


 But he was sure this terrifying battle strength had already surpassed mortal realm.


 It could even be said that Hei Lou Lan was currently at a state that was half a step to Gu Immortal realm.


 Ten extreme physique originally broke apart conventions, they were existences that could shatter opponents at the same realm!


 Back at Qing Mao mountain, Fang Yuan used the ten extreme physique to survive an ordeal. But this time, the ten extreme physique was his enemy.


 “If not for the fact that Gu Masters obtain a qualitative improvement in their body’s defense when they advance to Gu Immortal, Tai Bai Yun Sheng would be in greater danger!”


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng had advanced to Gu Immortal just now, he has yet to accumulate the foundation of a Gu Immortal. Moreover, he is a healing Gu Master, but has to face against this tyrannical and battle-thirsty enemy like Hei Lou Lan...”


 For a moment, thoughts shone in Fang Yuan’s mind like sparks.


 “The strongest advantage of a Gu Immortal over mortals lies in their unlimited primeval essence. But Hei Lou Lan’s main cultivation path is strength path which relies on primeval essence the least among all paths and has the lowest primeval essence consumption. This advantage is thus almost non-existent.”


 “There is also Hei Lou Lan’s killer move, it actually went in an innovative new direction, creating such a sentient human strength phantom. In just a short period, he has already created five to six human strength phantoms. These phantoms are anything but ordinary, filled with spirituality, they actually flanked and blocked Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s retreat paths; this is truly unimaginable!”


 Unleashing human shaped phantoms was not a surprising thing.


 The crucial point was that he could create such intelligent human shaped phantoms!


 Moreover, all of these human shaped phantoms had astonishing strength. The might of their strength and wisdom made even Fang Yuan feel apprehensive.


 “No wonder Hei Lou Lan died suddenly in my previous life. So it was because he had the ten extreme physique!” Fang Yuan suddenly realized.


 Although he had rebirthed, it did not mean he knew everything.


 Right now, this unexpected twist disrupted his plans.


 “Damn it...” Fang Yuan subconsciously tightened his grip on the glass owner token.


 According to his original plan, he would have gone with Giant Sun’s will’s train of thoughts, using false emotion fake will Gu to subdue the land spirit and become Imperial Court blessed land’s owner.


 He needed to subdue false emotion fake will Gu first to accomplish this.


 However, false emotion fake will Gu was one of the ordinary true inheritances and it contained a portion of Giant Sun’s will in it. How could a mere mortal like Fang Yuan refine an Immortal Venerable’s will?


 Only Gu Immortal’s will had such a possibility.


 Thereupon, Fang Yuan used his eloquence to dupe Tai Bai Yun Sheng into become his ally; it was to make use of his will to refine false emotion fake will Gu.


 But when he returned to True Yang Building, the situation had already changed beyond his expectations.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun obtained Frost Jade Peacock’s recognition, becoming Imperial Court blessed land’s owners.


 Frost Jade Peacock’s condition for recognizing its masters was a Gu Master couple who had to have true love for each other.


 Ma Hong Yun was a rank three Gu Master, but Zhao Lian Yun was still a young girl and had not begun her cultivation journey yet.


 However, she was still recognized as a master!


 This showed the condition of ‘Gu Master’ was only speaking of aptitude. As long as the person had the possibility of becoming a Gu Master, they could receive recognition. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, Zhao Lian Yun was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, she naturally had strong cultivation aptitude.


 This small details were not worthy bickering over. In Fang Yuan’s opinion, what he needed to do were two things.


 First was seizing false emotion fake will Gu. It was on Hei Lou Lan, and Fang Yuan had given this task to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Second was killing Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun. As long as he killed them, Imperial Court blessed land would return to a ownerless state.


 After completely these two matters, Tai Bai Yun Sheng could help Fang Yuan to refine false emotion fake will Gu and take control of the land spirit. Even if Giant Sun’s will returns then, Fang Yuan had the capital to contend against him.


 However, right now, none of these two goals were achieved.



***
Chapter 619 - The might of overwhelming fortune


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hei Lou Lan revealed his true trump card, displaying he had one of the ten extreme physiques and was close to self-detonation, it had shocking battle strength, with him managing to suppress the Gu Immortal Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and he was chasing after him.


 This was quite a shock, but after some consideration, it was nothing strange.


 “If he doesn’t defeat Hei Lou Lan, he would not get false emotion fake will Gu. Without false emotion fake will Gu, how will I subdue the land spirit? Damn it...” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth.


 His plan was ruined.


 “Is this the power of fortune rivalling heaven? The moment I wanted to strike, such an accident occurred!” Fang Yuan took a look at Ma Hong Yun, his expression turning grim.


 For some reason, the killing intent in his heart intensified.


 He crossed his arms, standing high up in the tree as his mouth showed a cold smile: “It is getting more interesting, fortune rivalling heaven... hmph, now that Hei Lou Lan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng are fighting, if I really want to kill you, what can you do to resist me?”


 This time, Fang Yuan did not go personally, but instead manipulated the treemen.


 The treemen at the most inner layer raised their hammer-like fists highly in the air.


 Under Fang Yuan’s manipulation, they slammed down at the same time.


 Bam!


 With a loud bang, Frost Jade Peacock cried out pitifully as its raised head fell onto the ground.


 The defensive barrier that it had erected with all its effort was smashed, it turned into golden dust as it quickly vanished into nothingness.


 Even the last obstacle was removed.


 The closest treeman took a huge step forward, it stretched out its huge arm as it rapidly grabbed at Ma and Zhao.


 Zhao Lian Yun shouted shrilly, while Ma Hong Yun held her in his arms, his back facing the treeman’s palm.


 “Die.” Fang Yuan muttered, completely ignoring the black coffin luck above his head that was rapidly growing.


 The treeman’s palm was towering over Ma and Zhou, it only needed to squeeze lightly and Ma and Zhao would turn into meat paste.


 But at this moment!


 A huge tremor occurred in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The entire place was shaking!


 “Scoundrel, you dare to chase me out, quickly accept your death!!” A loud voice could be heard, piercing heaven and earth, and causing Fang Yuan’s eardrums to feel slight pain.


 Hearing this familiar voice, Ma Hong Yun raised his head in joy, saying: “It’s old ancestor, old ancestor did not die, he is back again!”


 Hei Lou Lan expressed joy similarly on his face.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression was pale, if Giant Sun’s will returned, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would display the might of a rank eight Immortal Gu House, it could definitely trap a Gu Immortal, this was no joke!


 “How can this be! Even though I spent some time inside Hu Immortal blessed land, but fifteen minutes was far from over.” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk to the size of a pin, he was very stunned.


 He quickly used the glass owner token and checked the situation.


 Outside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, there were layers and layers of golden sand-like light particles.


 That was the colossal Giant Sun’s will.


 He was still growling furiously, as he resisted the assault of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, he constantly exerted pressure and attempted to barge into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 “The Giant Sun’s will that is outside did not come in. Then who is this Giant Sun’s will here? Where did he come from?!”


 Fang Yuan was very perplexed.


 But this Giant Sun’s will that just appeared did not want to give him time to think.


 Heaven and earth shook, those which were running, those which were helping Tai Bai Yun Sheng, those which were standing in place, those which were trapping Ma Hong Yun, all the treemen stopped their actions, standing still like statues.


 Fang Yuan’s face was red, the glass owner token in his hand was hot like fire!


 Cracks started appearing on the owner token, in just a moment, the glass owner token was on the brink of collapsing!


 “Damn it!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, this mysterious Giant Sun’s will was getting rid of the central continent Gu Immortals’ arrangements rapidly.


 The third arrangement that central continent Gu Immortals made was extremely hidden, it was not easy for Giant Sun’s will to find it.


 But right now, Fang Yuan had completely unleashed it, there was no way to hide it, this mysterious Giant Sun’s will found it easily.


 Once the glass owner token breaks, the third arrangement would lose effect, and the Giant Sun’s will outside would be free to enter and exit True Yang Building!


 By that time, even if Giant Sun’s will did not use Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he could easily kill Fang Yuan using his own ability.


 An unprecedented danger had descended upon Fang Yuan!


 “Don’t tell me I need to use Spring Autumn Cicada? No! The risk of using Spring Autumn Cicada is too high, I am not at that stage yet! I have to persevere, I can still go on!” Fang Yuan growled angrily, he sent his will into the glass owner token.


 Bam.


 The next moment, through the glass owner token, his will clashed with the Giant Sun’s will that had appeared out of nowhere.


 Ugh.


 Fang Yuan’s body shuddered, he spurted out a mouthful of blood as the will he injected was completely obliterated!


 His head hurt intensely, like it was going to break apart. His mind suffered a huge blow, as Mo Yao’s will screamed continually.


 Fang Yuan’s body shook, he felt dizzy and could not stand, after enduring for a few breaths, he fell from the tall tree branch.


 Swoosh!


 Wind blew, as the three closest treemen suddenly stretched out their tree vine hands, grabbing at Fang Yuan with ill intent.


 Fang Yuan lost the contest, Giant Sun’s will had regained control of this round, thus, the treemen also became Fang Yuan’s enemies, they would not rest until they killed Fang Yuan!


 Because of this sudden event, Ma and Zhou escaped death, under the influence of their will to live, they started escaping blindly among the chaotic tree roots.


 At the moment of danger, Fang Yuan was barely able to regain awareness.


 He shouted lightly, injecting his primeval essence into his Gu worms, mustering his strength and punching and kicking the large tree hand that was coming for him.


 Bam bam bam!


 After three explosive sounds, the fists were shattered as Fang Yuan adjusted his balance in the air, landing hastily.


 The aftermath of competing against Giant Sun’s will remained, his ears were buzzing and his hearing was nearly completely gone.


 But Fang Yuan had no regret.


 In fact, he opened his mouth, laughing loudly: “Excellent!”


 The earlier clash of wills was not elegant in the least, but it not only allowed Fang Yuan to keep his glass owner token, he even found out the truth about Giant Sun’s will.


 This newly appeared and mysterious will was not as powerful as expected.


 He did not expect Fang Yuan to make such a choice either.


 This will was split into three, the largest portion of it was dealing with the third arrangement, a small portion was busy fighting for the control rights of this round, while the last portion was victorious in the contest against Fang Yuan through the glass owner token.


 In the end, Fang Yuan’s injected will exterminated the victorious Giant Sun’s will, and combined with the third arrangement, although his will was wiped out, he successfully caused harm to that large portion of Giant Sun’s will.


 Thus, Giant Sun’s will was only left with a small portion that was controlling this round.


 Giant Sun’s will fell into extreme anger, he did not expect this tiny mortal to have the guts to challenge his will directly.


 He did not expect that this mortal had stored so many wills in his mind either.


 This was all thanks to Mo Yao honestly.


 In order to deal with Mo Yao, Fang Yuan stored large amounts of wills in his mind as a back up.


 He had special will, play will, deliberate will, keep will, heart will and others, he had a variety of many wills.


 Giant Sun’s will greatly underestimated Fang Yuan’s capacity, and as he was anxious to save the situation, he was counterattacked by Fang Yuan and in the end, was caught off guard and suffered a great loss.


 “Scoundrel, I will decimate your corpse!” Giant Sun’s will was angered to his boiling point, he continued to manipulate the treemen to attack.


 Fang Yuan dodged left and right, using all his effort to heal his injuries.


 These treemen had thick skin and flesh, even if their branches, arms and legs were broken, they would not die, they had very strong vitality. It was not a good idea to fight them head on.


 While he dodged, Fang Yuan’s injuries recovered rapidly.


 He quickly realized that the treemen were not only attacking him, but also Tai Bai Yun Sheng and even Ma Hong Yun.


 More accurately, they were attacking Zhao Lian Yun who was beside Ma Hong Yun.


 Ma and Zhao escaped under the pursuit of the treemen, they were in a dangerous situation.


 They frantically escaped without a goal, but they actually got near to Fang Yuan.


 “Please save us!” Ma Hong Yun finally saw Fang Yuan, shouting loudly for help.


 “So naive.” Fang Yuan laughed sinisterly, immediately going closer to him.


 As the two sides got closer, Fang Yuan shouted loudly: “Giant Sun’s will is trying to kill you, we have a common enemy, come here!”


 “Be careful!” Zhao Lian Yun who was running showed hesitation and worry.


 But the current situation was, only Fang Yuan could protect them.


 They were unable to hold on much longer.


 If they stayed, they would definitely get killed by the treemen, if they went to Fang Yuan, they at least had a chance of survival.


 “Save, of course we’ll save them! Quickly save them!!” In his mind, Mo Yao’s will suddenly shouted. /


 “What?” Fang Yuan thought he heard wrongly.


 Mo Yao spoke quickly: “Do you still not understand? Giant Sun’s will is a huge special will, he knows the power of fortune rivalling heaven Gu, his intention is not to deal with Ma Hong Yun. But when he was first formed, his main body had placed a rule on him, that was to exterminate any otherworldly demon he sees!”


 “She’s an otherworldly demon, don’t tell me you are not interested! But the most important thing is — if you save that Zhao Lian Yun, it will be the best weapon against Giant Sun’s will. Since Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun are truly in love, they will definitely be enemies with Giant Sun’s will. By then, Giant Sun’s will would be dealt with using the power of fortune rivalling heaven Gu.”


 Mo Yao’s words were very moving.


 At once, the hidden killing intent that he had towards Ma Hong Yun shrunk.


 “Wait! Ma and Zhao are in grave danger now, they might get squashed or trampled by the treemen at any moment! If I appear now, wouldn’t I be saving them?” Fang Yuan suddenly thought of this, becoming stunned!


 Although Ma Hong Yun was rank three, he was too hard to kill!


 The first time Fang Yuan’s killing intent appeared, Hei Lou Lan showed his trump card, he unleashed his extreme physique and chased after Tai Bai Yun Sheng!


 The secome time he had killing intent, Giant Sun’s will came out of nowhere and gravely injured Fang Yuan.


 And now, his ears were buzzing and his mind was weakened by at least thirty percent. Even though he protected the glass owner token and caused harm to Giant Sun’s will, he lost control over this round.


 Now, Fang Yuan had his third wave of killing intent, and Mo Yao was the one who stopped him! But the problem was, she made perfect sense! Even Fang Yuan himself was convinced!


 The reason Fang Yuan wanted to kill Ma Hong Yun earlier was to change the land spirit’s ownership.


 But now that Hei Lou Lan showed his true battle strength and protected the false emotion fake will Gu, thus Fang Yuan did not have it. What use was there in killing the two?


 “Don’t tell me that this third time, the one stopping me is actually myself?” As he was struck by reality, Fang Yuan was tongue-tied!



***
Chapter 620 - Stopped by himself?


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan truly experienced the might of fortune rivalling heaven Gu now.


 This was a form of helplessness, like being played by destiny, where one would not know whether to laugh or cry, and the more they struggled, the deeper they would fall into despair!


 Forced by the situation and in order to avoid calamity, it seemed Fang Yuan could only choose to maximize his benefits.


 The distance between the two sides rapidly shortened.


 To save them, or not to save them?


 Mo Yao repeatedly screamed in Fang Yuan’s mind: “Save, save them!”


 Reason also told Fang Yuan that saving Ma Hong Yun would make him stand on the same side as Fortune Rivalling Heaven and he could borrow its strength to deal with Giant Sun’s will.


 However!


 There was a voice in Fang Yuan’s heart. This voice growled, shouted and roared!


 “Save!? Am I going to surrender? Am I going to lower my head? I can kill him with one slap! What am I afraid of? Afraid of these two trash? Even Fortune Rivalling Heaven cannot obstruct me!!”


 Fang Yuan’s ears were buzzing non-stop, but this voice kept on getting louder, gradually suppressing every other sound.


 He felt bursts of intense headaches.


 He felt his mouth go dry in front of these choices.


 That voice in his heart, however, was getting louder and clearer till his heart started to tremor!


 Every howl, every roar, every shout, seemed to throw a bundle of firewood into the fury in Fang Yuan’s heart.


 The burning flames surged!


 That was the fire of ambition, his fighting spirit, his unyielding, obstinate spirit of challenging the strong!


 The flames soared; Fang Yuan’s eyes turned bloodshot, his blood boiled and surged like the surging waves!


 “Come, let me send you off personally!” Fang Yuan spoke, his voice hoarse like sand gritting on iron.


 He did what he would normally not do, going against his style of prioritizing benefits.


 With a malevolent expression and eyes shining with sharp killing intent, he smashed apart the giant treemen in front of him, tearing the countless twisting and coiling vines.


 He reached Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 Then...


 He lifted his fist!


 Before his punch even struck out, the terrifying fist aura already condensed into solid. The brutal killing intent almost solidified even the air!


 “Ahhh!” Ma Hong Yun’s eyes opened wide, never having expected Fang Yuan to have such resolute killing intent. He turned pale with fright, and in his panic, he unexpectedly stumbled and fell to the ground.


 “Ouch!” Zhao Lian Yun had been holding hands with Ma Hong Yun, and was thus also pulled down to the ground.


 This unforeseen event shocked Fang Yuan.


 He was already extremely vigilant because of the repeated accidents. But he soon found that this small accident only prolonged the time he struck them by a little.


 At the same time, two giant treemen also reached Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 No matter which treeman it was, it would only need one foot to crush these two to pieces. But Giant Sun’s will truly did not want to harm Ma Hong Yun, and could only mobilize vines to scuttle to Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, to separate them and then kill Zhao Lian Yun!


 Five treemen suddenly pierced out of the ground at this moment and coincidentally blocked Fang Yuan’s way.


 This strong defense required Fang Yuan to waste at least a dozen breath of time.


 Giant Sun’s will was using his previous tactics again.


 At present, the extremely weak land spirit was already booted from the playing field.


 False emotion fake will Gu was safe as it was being protected by Hei Lou Lan.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun might have become the owners of the blessed land, but as long as Zhao Lian Yun was killed, this connection would be cancelled.


 At that time, it would not be too late to salvage the situation by using false emotion fake will Gu to make Hei Lou Lan and Ma Hong Yun the owners of Imperial Court blessed land.


 Thus, Giant Sun’s will was obstructing Fang Yuan from killing Ma Hong Yun.


 “Damn it! This kind of feeling again, always at the crucial place and at the crucial time...” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, and used all his strength to forcibly break through the defensive line.


 Thud thud thud...


 Thunder-like collisions occurred one after another. Fang Yuan was like a tiger let loose, his fierce offense directly breaking the treemen’s defense.


 The whole process only lasted less than ten breaths!


 However, Fang Yuan also had to pay a heavy price. Three enormous wounds were added to Fang Yuan’s body; one ran through his chest, another pierced his back, and another formed a bloody hole on his stomach with the size of a baby’s fist.


 His right forearm was severely fractured, his left leg was twisted grotesquely to the side.


 “Hahaha!” Fang Yuan, however, howled with laughter!


 He could not use his hand and leg for a while, but he still had movement Gu, he could still fly!


 He rapidly chased after Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun through the air.


 Ma Hong Yun hunched over, protecting Zhao Lian Yun tightly under him. Vines were coiling around them from outside.


 These vines wanted to separate the two without harming Ma Hong Yun.


 Ma Hong Yun faced off against the vines. But naturally, he was weaker and looked on as he and Zhao Lian Yun were forcibly separated. He bit his lips and glared with furious eyes, but he was powerless!


 “No—!” He roared with bloodshot eyes. Despair and pain filled him as he saw his lover about to die in front of him, appearing like a beast forced into a corner.


 “Save him quickly, now is the best time to save him! As long as you save them, Ma Hong Yun will definitely feel grateful to you, you can then borrow the strength of his fortune that rivals heaven! Just think, why is Giant Sun’s will not killing Ma Hong Yun – it is to use his luck!!” Mo Yao shouted again, persuading Fang Yuan. / update by


 “You really speak a lot of nonsense.” Fang Yuan replied with ruthless coldness.


 Success was in front of him, but he instead calmed down, he had no expression on his face, not even the previous malevolent look.


 “Die!”


 When Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun was in his range, Fang Yuan immediately struck out with a fatal attack.


 This attack had earth-shattering power, bursting all the air in front of it.


 The incomparably violent power was like an evil dragon rising to heaven, as it shrouded over Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 “No!” This time, it was Giant Sun’s will who let out a helpless and desperate shout.


 He immediately mobilized the surrounding treemen to use their own bodies to protect Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 The tree vines no longer separated the two, instead they attempted to rapidly evacuate them.


 But Giant Sun’s will was still feeling dejected.


 He knew all these would be of no use. This strike filled with Fang Yuan’s pent-up wrath, how could it be so easily blocked and avoided?


 The treemen’s trunks were smashed apart, the vines also did not have enough time to evacuate Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun. In the end, the attack that still had its peak offensive power was about to directly smash them into pieces.


 Even though there were countless treemen filling the vast forest, it was all too late!


 Fang Yuan was resolute, erupting with all his strength to break through the defensive line and succeeded in grabbing the crucial moment.


 The treemen’s movement was slow and they were not good at providing swift reinforcement.


 Ma Hong Yun was definitely dead meat!


 At this moment, not only Fang Yuan, even Giant Sun’s will also thought this so.


 Not only did they think so, even Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun did not have any hope of surviving the attack.


 Any factors that could influence the situation had seemingly already played their part.


 Hei Lou Lan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Giant Sun’s will, Frost Jade Peacock, Fang Yuan, Mo Yao...


 All these people or things had shown all their strength by this point.


 Time seemed to slow down, Fang Yuan’s lips curled up to reveal a smile: “Now, is there anything left that can save Ma Hong Yun?”


 However, at the next moment!


 Rumble—!


 A loud sound rang out, causing huge tremors and making countless trees creak.


 Dazzling golden rays of light shone over the whole round.


 “Has Giant Sun’s will entered True Yang Building?!” Fang Yuan turned grave, but soon discovered that was not the case.


 Giant Sun’s will was still taking a beating outside the building. Central continent’s Gu Immortals had planned for countless years to create the third method; it could never be underestimated.


 If not for this, central continent’s Gu Immortals would not have been able to overthrow Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and return victorious in Fang Yuan’s previous life.


 The enormous golden light lump moved like a meteor and before the sound even registered in one’s ears, it crashed onto the ground, instantly destroying the surrounding treemen and protecting Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun within it.


 “This, isn’t this — that luck path supreme true inheritance!” Mo Yao was so shocked she involuntarily screamed out.


 “What’s going on? Shouldn’t this supreme true inheritance be in true inheritance secluded domain, how did it suddenly crash into this round and throw itself towards Ma Hong Yun’s body?!” With no choice, Fang Yuan could only stop his footsteps.


 He had already experienced the might of a supreme true inheritance in true inheritance secluded domain.


 This was not something he could touch.


 ‘But why, Ma Hong Yun is covered by this light, but why has nothing happened to him?’


 For a moment, Fang Yuan could not help but feel extremely dejected.


 He had used all his strength in his third attempt to kill Ma Hong Yun; he had even seen hope a moment ago, the success had seemingly been right in front of him, but he still failed in the end.


 “Why did the supreme true inheritance move to Ma Hong Yun? Impossible, this is impossible!” Mo Yao completely lost self-control as she scratched at her head, causing her long hair to become messy, resembling a crazed woman.


 This was not surprising.


 She had suffered untold hardships, expended all her energy and effort but was only able to open a crack in the luck path true inheritance from which fortune rivalling heaven Gu escaped. Finally, she had no choice but to refine calamity beckoning Gu.


 But this calamity beckoning Gu was not able to assist her husband, Bo Qing, causing her and Bo Qing to perish.


 But at this moment, she was watching this luck path supreme true inheritance throwing itself at a rank three mortal!


 Even if you had fortune that rivalled heaven, isn’t this going overboard?!


 ‘Why was it not me, I put in so much effort, paid such a huge price, why was it not me?’


 ‘Why was it this mere mortal, a fool, a kid!’


 It is a comparison that could make one die from anger!


 Fang Yuan forcibly calmed down and tried hard to remove the unneeded emotions, reflecting on this event.


 A bright flash of inspiration seemed to roam around in his mind, but was extremely hard to get a grasp on.


 “I understand!” Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s body shook as he grasped this flash of inspiration, and understood this seemingly impossible event.


 This supreme true inheritance recognized Ma Hong Yun and not others as its master of its own accord. This was because, Ma Hong Yun had the power of fortune rivalling heaven Gu on him.


 Fortune rivalling heaven Gu was the true essence of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path, the quintessential crystallization of luck path. To the supreme true inheritance, it was the leader and the emperor.


 But why did the supreme true inheritance not come earlier or later, but chose this exact moment?


 Luck path supreme true inheritance was located in true inheritance secluded domain, how could it come here for no rhyme or reason?


 These two questions actually pointed to the same factor — Giant Sun’s will!



***
Chapter 621 - Fighting Hei Lou Lan


***





 Chapter 621: Fighting Hei Lou Lan


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the true inheritance secluded domain, all of the true inheritances had Giant Sun’s will in them. Otherwise, how could all these fated individuals succeed in taking these inheritances, especially those Immortal Gu?


 It was just like charging through rounds in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 In every one of the rounds that had Gu worms as rewards, these Gu worms were all refined by Giant Sun’s will in advance.


 When these Gu Masters succeed and obtain the Gu worms, they are able to refine these Gu worms instantly and keep them in their aperture because Giant Sun’s will was purposely letting them have the Gu.


 Because of this reason, as long as a Gu Master is willing to give his Gu worm away to someone else, they can always create a phenomenon of ‘instant refinement’.


 Earlier, when Giant Sun’s will was slumbering, the refinement of wild Gu worms was extremely slow. When Fang Yuan first ventured into True Yang Building, he made use of this loophole.


 Every true inheritance was governed by Giant Sun’s will.


 The reason why the luck path supreme true inheritance did not fly towards Ma Hong Yun earlier was due to this.


 But now the true inheritance flew into Ma Hong Yun’s arms and made him its master, this was not Giant Sun’s will’s intention.


 What Giant Sun’s will wanted was to control Ma Hong Yun, why would he allow him to grow stronger and become more uncontrollable?


 Thus, the truth was revealed!


 Within the luck path supreme true inheritance, there was no Giant Sun’s will.


 Giant Sun’s will retreated on his own, this allowed the supreme true inheritance to act on its own.


 Thereafter, the newly created wild Gu will went towards Ma Hong Yun.


 This created another question.


 Why would Giant Sun’s will retreat for no reason?


 Fang Yuan thought about the second time he struck and was about to kill Ma Hong Yun, but out of nowhere Giant Sun’s will appeared!


 At this point, it was no longer a mystery.


 Fang Yuan used the third method, temporarily expelling Giant Sun’s will out of True Yang Building.


 Afterwards, he entered True Yang Building and successfully convinced Tai Bai Yun Sheng to revive Dang Hun mountain.


 After that he came back, attempting to control Imperial Court blessed land. During the second attempt when he tried to kill Ma Hong Yun, he was obstructed by a sudden burst of Giant Sun’s will.


 At that point, Fang Yuan was very confused.


 But now, he understood.


 This mysterious Giant Sun’s will was pulled out of those true inheritances.


 Giant Sun’s will was anxious at that time, in order to salvage the situation, he took this step.


 He almost succeeded by doing this, but unfortunately, Fang Yuan was too resolute, he directly faced off against him.


 Eventually, this forcefully extracted Giant Sun’s will was left with a final small portion that controlled this round.


 “This means, the luck path supreme true inheritance was able to save Ma Hong Yun because of me? If I did not expel Giant Sun’s will out of the tower, if I did not face off against Giant Sun’s will, why would this happen now?”


 “To think that this third attempt was thwarted by myself after all!”


 Thinking so, Fang Yuan sighed deeply as his killing intent towards Ma Hong Yun vanished without a trace.


 The current Ma Hong Yun was protected by the luck path true inheritance. As a mortal, it was impossible for Fang Yuan to break through this defense.


 “Sigh, I told you to save him earlier, you refused to listen!” In his mind, Mo Yao calmed down and sighed in pity.


 Her tone carried some grievance: “If you had saved them, you would gain Ma Hong Yun’s recognition and become protected by the luck path true inheritance just like Zhao Lian Yun. The current luck path true inheritance is a newborn wild will, it is like a baby without any internal defenses. If you are inside the luck path inheritance, you will be able to learn about the details of this true inheritance! This is an immense opportunity, but you gave it up...”


 Helping Ma Hong Yun would result in benefits. Dealing with Ma Hong Yun would result in Fang Yuan’s current heavy injuries.


 Fang Yuan snickered.


 He already did it, there was not a bit of regret in his heart.


 He quickly retreated while healing his injuries, meanwhile replying to Mo Yao: “Even if I cannot do anything to this luck path true inheritance, do you think Giant Sun’s will would do nothing?”


 This luck path true inheritance is one of the three supreme true inheritances inside the true inheritance secluded domain. Why would Giant Sun’s will allow it to acknowledge a new master like this?


 In Giant Sun’s will’s heart, it was not unacceptable to pass this luck path true inheritance to Ma Hong Yun.


 But Ma Hong Yun’s heart was with an otherworldly demon, that was a huge taboo!


 Giant Sun’s will was a special will, when the main body first created it, he assigned a special meaning for it to ‘do its best to slaughter any otherworldly demon it comes into contact with’.


 Now that Zhao Lian Yun was protected by the luck path true inheritance, if Giant Sun’s will wanted to kill this otherworldly demon, he would need to remove the luck path true inheritance’s hindrance.


 Thus, the entire forest flew into a rage.


 Countless treemen were uprooted, encircling the luck path true inheritance.


 Large numbers of treemen were entangling with each other, all of their roots and vines were coiling around each other to form huge treemen, each were at least three hundred meters tall, their aura was shocking to Fang Yuan.


 Giant Sun’s will put in all its effort in order to kill Zhao Lian Yun!


 Fang Yuan managed to retreat successfully.


 Exterminating the otherworldly demon was Giant Sun’s will’s most important mission. With the appearance of the luck path true inheritance, his attention was drawn over.


 Fang Yuan was a threat that ranked much lower than them.


 Giant Sun’s will also knew that he could do nothing to Fang Yuan now. Weighing the two sides, and because Giant Sun’s will had limited strength, he decided to focus solely on dealing with the luck path true inheritance.


 Very soon, Fang Yuan got close to the place Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Hei Lou Lan were fighting at.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was suppressed, but Hei Lou Lan had no ability to claim victory either.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a healing Gu Master and a flying master, the former allowed him to specialize in drawn out battles, while the latter allowed him to escape like a slippery eel, he was hard to pin down.


 The two’s battle had turned into a stalemate.


 The two fought from the sky to the ground, their attacks were fierce and the battle brought disaster to the nearby trees, causing the surroundings to be full of fallen trees and debris.


 “Senior brother Tai Bai, let me help you!” Fang Yuan shouted.


 ‘Senior brother’, these two words triggered Hei Lou Lan as he immediately thought of central continent. That was because in the five regions, the other four regions were overwhelmingly family based inheritances, only central continent was dominated by a sect based system.


 Hei Lou Lan’s eyes were staring wide, as he screamed like a bear: “You are a scoundrel that had planned for a long time indeed! You two sect brothers have hidden yourselves deeply! Right now, since you are seeking your own death, I will grant you your wish!”


 Saying this, he aimed at Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng and sent four punches at them.


 The fist qi burst out, transforming into a human strength phantom in midair, having Hei Lou Lan’s appearance.


 The four fist shadows split up, one of them charged towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng, while the other three went towards Fang Yuan!


 Fang Yuan was a mortal, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a Gu Immortal, targeting the weakest link was a common strategy.


 Three human strength phantoms attacked Fang Yuan, and the last one was to prevent Tai Bai Yun Sheng from reinforcing him.


 “Quickly retreat!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked, he gave a quick warning.


 He was very familiar with this strength path killer move’s power.


 He had obtained a lot of defensive Gu worms in Hu Immortal blessed land thanks to Fang Yuan’s gift.


 But after battling for so long, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s defensive Gu worms were mostly dead, he even suffered heavy injuries several times, it showed the power of Hei Lou Lan’s strength path killer move!


 Three human strength phantoms flew over with an imposing aura, whipping up a fierce wind.


 “What a strong killer move!” Even Mo Yao’s will in his mind praised upon seeing this: “Be careful, Hei Lou Lan’s strength path killer move definitely surpasses your four arm earth king killer move!”


 Fang Yuan snickered, he showed no fear but instead, oozed with battle intent, ready to fight.


 “Of course I won’t use four arm earth king, because I have an even stronger strength path killer move.” Saying this, he paused for a while, before shouting: “Come, six arm heavenly zombie king!”


 Bam!


 A formless aura burst out.


 The horrifying pressure flooded the surrounding area.


 Intense pain could be felt, like surging waves, they attacked his heart!


 Fang Yuan however, felt immeasurable pleasure, his body expanded rapidly, his skin lost its gloss and moisture, becoming dark and hard.


 His defense rose rapidly!


 In just a moment, he transformed into a six metre tall giant.


 On his back, six huge monstrous arms grew out, the fingers were thick and scary, each having their own distinctive appearance, it made people feel fear upon seeing them.


 Three human strength phantoms arrived before Fang Yuan.


 “Good timing.” Fang Yuan muttered, facing them head on with no fear!


 As fists and legs clashed, they fought directly!


 Bam bam bam...


 Thunderous explosions occurred endlessly.


 Be it Fang Yuan, or Hei Lou Lan’s three human strength phantoms, they had great power and each of their blows tore through the air.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a worried expression, but after watching for a few breaths’ time, his eyes expanded.


 Fang Yuan was a mere mortal, but he could face off against three human strength phantoms at once.


 The two were evenly matched!


 But the three human strength phantoms had sentience, after failing to take him down, they started cooperating, pincer attacking Fang Yuan from his front, upper left corner, and lower right corner.


 “Be careful!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted to warn him, he had previously suffered greatly due to this.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily, displaying his grand demeanour.


 He had previously activated his killer move, growing six monstrous arms, with his own two arms, he had eight arms.


 The eight arms moved in a circular motion, the punches were executed like a fierce rain, it defended him tightly. He managed to completely block the three human strength phantoms attacking from all directions without a single weak point.


 “He actually blocked it, this killer move...” Hei Lou Lan’s heart jumped, his expression turned grim.


 “Sigh, half an immortal’s battle strength, this guy is a monster...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw this and sighed. He was surprised, and yet not surprised.


 Thinking of his master, everything could be explained.


 Thus, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart was at ease, he could concentrate on dealing with the human strength phantom fighting against him.


 He waved his sleeve, and countless lights flew out from it.


 Chainsaw wind blade, flame sword flash, azure blue water python, golden silk net...


 Up to a hundred Gu worms were activated at once, they gave off a dazzling rainbow light, resembling fireworks.


 The human strength phantom was covered by the smoke, its speed became slower, thus it immediately changed directions and shot out like lightning.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s attacks followed after it, it was unceasing.


 A fireworks-like display of attacks were unleashed endlessly.


 The human strength phantom had the ability to think, it knew how to fly in an arc, attempting to get close to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng also retreated at the same time, while his attacks showed no signs of slowing down.


 He was a Gu Immortal with near limitless primeval essence. If not for the fact that he had just become a Gu Immortal and had not made any accumulations, resulting in a low quantity of Gu worms, he would have hundreds and thousands of Gu worms, once used together, they would create a terrifying attack.


 Human strength phantom could block most of the attacks, but under the flurry of attacks, it continued to be weakened, and the phantom was turning lighter and more transparent.


 But Hei Lou Lan’s motive had been achieved.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not have a strong attacking method, he could only weaken the human strength phantom slowly.


 He was old and wise, but because he was vigilant and had never charged ahead courageous, it was difficult for him to be an effective reinforcement for Fang Yuan.


 This was because of his nature, otherwise, back then, he would not have chosen the ‘as before’ time path inheritance from the three immortal inheritances.


 However, even though Hei Lou Lan achieved his goals in this battle, he was unable to be happy.


 That was because he realized — Fang Yuan did not need reinforcements!


 Over there, Fang Yuan was fighting three human strength phantoms at once, both sides used attacks to counter attacks, the six arm heavenly zombie king’s defense was truly astounding.


 “Hahaha!” Fang Yuan got more ferocious as he fought, his punches and kicks were lively and their speed was increasing. In the end, his fist shadows turned into a black afterimage from his sheer speed!


 The three human strength phantoms were expended greatly in the battle.


 Bam, bam, bam.


 Three explosions occurred, the three human strength phantoms could not sustain themselves anymore and were smashed to bits, turning into fist qi and vanishing.


 Hei Lou Lan’s pupils shrunk, but the battle intent in his heart surged like raging tides.


 “Interesting, this killer move is very powerful, it is almost on par with my killer move. But most importantly, he has such rich battle experience, his physical combat skills can be said to be at a master’s level! If it were others, they might not be able to unleash the power of this killer move to such an extent!”


 Hei Lou Lan licked his lips, his eyes were shining with ruthlessness and excitement.


 The earlier attack was not his full strength, he was only probing.


 The battle with Tai Bai Yun Sheng was very annoying, because Tai Bai Yun Sheng was escaping most of the time, while Hei Lou Lan could not catch up to him, thus he could not use any of his strength.


 Now that this Fang Yuan who was a tough opponent appeared, his battle intent naturally surged.


 After destroying three human strength phantoms, Fang Yuan did not attack rashly, but instead floated in the same spot.


 The two were about a thousand steps away, and their vicious gazes were colliding.


 “Stop fighting, come over here and help!” At this time, Hei Lou Lan heard Giant Sun’s will’s instructions.


 “But, old ancestor...” Hei Lou Lan hesitated, his battle intent was wavering.


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s status in his heart was still very high.


 This was not about personality, but because he had been influenced to feel the pride of his bloodline since he was young. This was a significant element in Hei Lou Lan’s self worth.


 “Forget about them. Killing the otherworldly demon and taking back the luck path true inheritance is most important!” Giant Sun’s will replied quickly: “This is the only record of this luck path true inheritance that I left behind in the entire world. Even in Longevity Heaven, I did not leave behind any details regarding it. I am about to open the entrance to the true inheritance secluded domain, you will go and help push this luck path true inheritance into the secluded domain.”


 This round was already controlled by Giant Sun’s will, the treemen filled the area like a sea. However, even though Giant Sun’s will had the ability to break apart the luck path true inheritance by force, he could not do so.


 Firstly, it took too much time, that could lead to unexpected consequences.


 Secondly, breaking apart the luck path true inheritance was the same as destroying the supreme true inheritance.



***
Chapter 622 - Grasping the biggest flaw!


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The situation in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building twisted and turned with no end in sight.


 Once the invincible being dominating the entire world, the ruler of an era, the rank nine Immortal Venerable Giant Sun; the terrifying will that he had specially left behind to take charge of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building....


 The winner of the last Imperial Court contest, the current tribe leader of a super force, Hei tribe, possessing the Great Strength True Martial Physique of the ten extreme physiques, Hei Lou Lan....


 Standing tall above the centre of northern plains as countless years of change were experienced, and yet imprisoned for hundreds of thousands of years – the land spirit Frost Jade Peacock...


 A living legend, helping the injured for almost all his life, his benevolence and his name renowned far and wide, owning a Gu Immortal inheritance, advancing to a rank six Gu Immortal, possessing two mysterious Immortal Gu, Tai Bai Yun Sheng...


 As well as.


 The owner of Spring Autumn Cicada, ranked seventh amongst the top ten mystical Gu, the owner of Hu Immortal blessed land, a mortal who has possession of multiple Immortal Gu, a reborn five hundred year old demon, Gu Yue Fang Yuan...


 Favored by rank eight fortune rivalling heaven Gu, a Gu Immortal in Fang Yuan’s previous life who had successively inherited Giant Sun’s inheritance and an opportunity left behind by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable, becoming a great hero of northern plains who resisted the invasion of central continent, Ma Hong Yun...


 Viewed as an ‘otherworldly demon’ by Giant Sun’s will, Ma Hong Yun’s wife in Fang Yuan’s previous life who became a wisdom path Gu Immortal and an provided innumerable amount of assistance to her husband, the legendary woman Zhao Lian Yun...


 And also.


 The former rank seven Gu Immortal, a refinement path grandmaster, the thirty-sixth generation fairy of Spirit Affinity House – Mo Yao who had schemed against Eighty-Eight True Yang Building; the mysterious will she left behind following her death...


 All these existences had their own thoughts with their respective goals. And on this platform of the collapsing Imperial Court blessed land, they collided and contended with each other.


 They had their own advantages, abilities and also had their respective weaknesses and flaws.


 These were all individuals overflowing with talents, they were elites or heroes of their generations. They were either proficient in scheming and strategizing, being master tacticians, or had immense strength or absurd luck.


 The intense stimulation of life and death, the enticement of enormous benefits, caused these existences to perform to their full strength, using all their abilities and trump cards, perhaps betting it all and risking everything in a single moment, or strategizing to control the situation.


 Thus, the state of affairs became clear from time to time, while turning indistinct at the next moment.


 They had contended till now, but the situation was still chaotic. Only Frost Jade Peacock was pulled out of the game, while the others could tilt the whole set of circumstances with their every move and were not existences that could be underestimated in their influence to the final outcome.


 Now —


 The main part of Giant Sun’s will had been forced out of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building for the moment by Fang Yuan’s trump card, suffering the intense assaults of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.


 Giant Sun’s will was the most powerful existence among those present. On one hand, his main portion tried to return to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and on the other, he took the risk of drawing out the sub-wills from true inheritances to seize back the control of the round, and then wholeheartedly tried to eliminate the otherworldly demon Zhao Lian Yun.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun had become the masters of Imperial Court blessed land by some twist of fate; they were also being protected by the luck path true inheritance and were safe for the moment.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had made a temporary alliance, engaging in a round of probing confrontation with Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan’s battle intent soared violently and he was just about to fight Fang Yuan head-on, when Giant Sun’s will asked him to leave and deal with Ma Hong Yun to take back the luck path true inheritance.


 Hei Lou Lan hesitated, but chose to listen to Giant Sun’s will in the end.


 “I will let you guys off for the moment!” He glared at Fang Yuan before turning around and leaving quickly.


 Fang Yuan looked on as Hei Lou Lan left, floating in the sky without giving chase.


 “Huff huff...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng let out a breath of turbid air, flying towards Fang Yuan.


 He might be a Gu Immortal, but he only specialized in healing and lacked large numbers of mortal Gu; his battle strength compared to ordinary Gu Immortals still had a great discrepancy. Through a prolonged battle, he had slowly worn down that human strength phantom to death.


 “Hei Lou Lan is going to deal with Ma Hong Yun to retrieve the luck path true inheritance! Should we intervene in this?” Mo Yao’s will immediately suggested.


 This luck path true inheritance was a supreme hidden treasure left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used it as part of his journey in becoming the ruler of an era, invincible within the world.


 This luck path true inheritance held extremely large temptation to any Gu Master!


 Fang Yuan’s gaze slightly flickered, but he did not move, instead turning his sight to look at his left.


 Not far from him, a whirlwind was forming.


 “Careful, Hei Lou Lan’s fist qi can still condense back even after being destroyed!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng warned.


 Fang Yuan snorted, and with one step, appeared before the hurricane, punching it.


 Boom.


 A muffled sound rang out and the fist qi was scattered again.


 The first aura was mostly dissipated, but the remaining fist qi still persisted in condensing back. But this quantity was rather small and was not able to condense into form.


 “This strength path killer move...” Fang Yuan’s expression was heavy.


 Strength path phantoms were the long range attacking method of strength path, however this was the first time Fang Yuan had seen human strength phantoms possessing such spirituality.


 This seemed to be an innovation of which no records existed in all the Gu Master history Fang Yuan knew of.


 It could be even called as ‘Hei Lou Lan’s strength path phantom’.


 More importantly, this ‘Hei Lou Lan’s strength path phantom’ could condense back even after being destroyed.


 This gave the feeling of a ‘never-ending source of harassment’!


 “Hei Lou Lan has certainly not used his full strength, if he can attack with twenty human strength phantoms at the same time, and the remaining fist qi can condense again, that power would be terrifying. If he can send out thirty human strength phantoms, then this strength path killer move can absolutely contend with your six arm heavenly zombie king!” Mo Yao’s will evaluated with a grave tone.


 “What killer move is this, do you have any impressions of it?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Mo Yao’s will slowly shook her head: “I am not a strength path Gu Immortal, this killer move also greatly involves soul path and qi path, in addition it has other pivotal mechanics. It should be a modern innovation as it is greatly different from ancient styles, I am guessing that this is an innovation of the current generation.”


 Six arm heavenly zombie king was researched by Fang Yuan and perfected by Mo Yao.


 But there were no lack of geniuses in this world, it was not just Fang Yuan alone who could innovate a strength path killer move.


 Of course, Fang Yuan specialized in blood path in his previous life, and had only cultivated strength path on the side.


 Treemen flocked one after the other, forming a majestic green wave that attempted to drown Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun.


 However, Giant Sun’s luck path true inheritance was like a giant golden egg that firmly protected the two.


 Giant Sun’s will was concerned about the consequences of his actions; he truly wanted to kill the otherworldly demon Zhao Lian Yun, but also wanted to protect this unique existence that was Giant Sun’s luck path true inheritance.


 When he saw Hei Lou Lan near, he hurriedly transmitted his voice: “I will open the passage to true inheritance secluded domain, help me push the luck path true inheritance into it!”


 Hei Lou Lan nodded. His whole body shook as he punched out with both his fists; fist qi surged out violently!


 Boom boom boom...


 Muffled explosions rang out in the air non-stop, the fist qi condensing one after another into Hei Lou Lan’s strength path phantoms.


 Ten, twenty, thirty... forty!


 Fang Yuan’s pupils could not help but shrink upon seeing this.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression turned pale, revealing intense fear in his eyes.


 Forty of Hei Lou Lan’s strength path phantoms moved down together and surrounded the luck path true inheritance in just a moment.


 A dark crack slowly appeared in the air above the luck path true inheritance. The crack enlarged till it formed a large and round passage.


 This deep, dark passage was directly linked to true inheritance secluded domain.


 Strength path phantoms shouted together before actually lifting Giant Sun’s true inheritance slightly!


 The surrounding treemen also moved their large hands to help. The python-like green vines coiled around together to assist in this.


 Giant Sun’s True Inheritance erupted with an intense and dazzling light; the treemen melted like snow, the coiling vines could not even last for two breaths before being destroyed completely.


 Strength path phantoms also continued to crumble but condensed back a short while after.


 Hei Lou Lan stood at the outer periphery; he was like an endless source of strength, striking out with large numbers of strength path phantoms one after another.


 Under his effort, Giant Sun’s true inheritance slowly left the ground.


 At the same time, the round passage in the air also erupted with an intense force of suction, like a giant mouth attempting to take back Giant Sun’s true inheritance into its belly.


 “He can actually form so many strength path phantoms simultaneously! What kind of killer move is this?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng cried out involuntarily at this astonishing sight.


 Mo Yao’s will also said to Fang Yuan: “Your strength path killer move is specialized for close combat. Hei Lou Lan’s killer move, however, is the exact opposite of yours, specializing in long range combat! This killer move is equally matched with your six arm heavenly zombie king. But in Hei Lou Lan’s hands, the strength it can erupt with far surpassess yours by several times.”


 Hei Lou Lan was the possessor of Great Strength True Martial Physique of the ten extreme physiques, and Fang Yuan was not.


 In the legends, Gu Masters who had Great Strength True Martial Physique not only had immense strength, their stamina would also never run out. At the same time, their self recovery ability was also extremely astonishing!


 Any strength path killer move would erupt with strength that far surpassed their usual strength under the hands of Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 “What should we do now?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng stood beside Fang Yuan, fixing his gaze at the contest of strength between Hei Lou Lan and Giant Sun’s true inheritance.


 He continued with a regretful tone: “This is a supreme true inheritance! Giant Sun’s will is taking it back to true inheritance secluded domain, unfortunately Hei Lou Lan is there, so we cannot get a share of the action.”


 His tone contained the meaning of not being able to contend with Hei Lou Lan.


 This was not surprising, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a passive nature; a wise man looks after his own hide, he would not take extreme measures unless forced into a corner.


 Fang Yuan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng and smiled.


 “What to do?” He asked and answered himself, “Of course we go to true inheritance secluded domain!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was surprised: “True inheritance secluded domain?”


 Mo Yao’s will shook before reacting, almost slapping her own thigh at the sudden realization: “Right, there is no more of Giant Sun’s will remaining in true inheritance secluded domain. Those true inheritances have become masterless objects!”


 Previously, these true inheritances contained Giant Sun’s will, thus one could only obtain the qualifications for the true inheritances by using an owner token.


 But it was different now, Giant Sun’s will had moved away all the sub-wills. Young wild will grew soon after in the true inheritances, and they only needed to be manipulated appropriately to refine them easily.


 “But you don’t have much time, Giant Sun’s main will outside the tower is going to return soon. You will only be able to choose one true inheritance in this time.” Mo Yao’s will reminded, “Fang Yuan, you must quickly consider which inheritance you are going to choose!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng also realized this and asked another crucial question: “This round is already controlled by Giant Sun’s will, how do we enter true inheritance secluded domain?”


 He had not even finished speaking when Fang Yuan took out Fixed Immortal Travel Immortal Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had held this Immortal Gu for safekeeping before, thus he was not surprised; but his gaze turned serious as he looked at Fang Yuan: “If I am not wrong, Fixed Immortal Travel can only carry one person, right?”


 “You are right.” Fang Yuan nodded, “So open up your immortal aperture and let me in. I will send you the image of true inheritance secluded domain through thoughts transmission.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng suddenly realized: “I almost forgot that I am a Gu Immortal!”


 The immortal aperture of rank six and rank seven Gu Immortals was called a ‘blessed land’.


 Imperial Court blessed land, Lang Ya blessed land and Hu Immortal blessed land were immortal apertures; they had vast space and were akin to a small world. Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Tai Bai blessed land was naturally not an exception.


 Fang Yuan lent Fixed Immortal Travel to Tai Bai Yun Sheng and entered his immortal aperture, then sent his thoughts that recorded the image of true inheritance secluded domain.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng activated Fixed Immortal Travel, Giant Sun’s will had no spare energy to stop him and could only let him go to true inheritance secluded domain one step earlier.


 Within the true inheritance secluded domain was a scene of chaos.


 The dozens of true inheritances were ruled by new wild wills and were like headless chickens, flying around chaotically. From time to time, they collided with each other, letting out sparks and causing unceasing wear and tear.


 Mo Yao felt great heartache at this scene: “Make your choice quickly. These true inheritances are destroying each other, if the situation gets worse, even if you can get an inheritance, it might have already lost its essence.”


 Fang Yuan did not have much time left and could only pick one true inheritance. He had already made a plan for this.


 He said in a deep voice: “Mo Yao, I need your help.”


 “Speak quickly.”


 “Point me the location of the final supreme true inheritance!”


 Mo Yao was stumped at Fang Yuan’s words.


 Soon, her eyes and mouth opened wide, her mind was greatly shaken!


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building contained three supreme true inheritances. Mo Yao was extremely clear about them and she had introduced them to Fang Yuan when he had charged into true inheritance secluded domain before.


 The first supreme true inheritance was rank nine wisdom Gu.


 The second supreme true inheritance was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s luck path inheritance.


 The third supreme true inheritance was Eighty-Eight True Yang Building itself!


 That is to say the one who obtains this true inheritance could control Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!!


 “Why did I not think of it?” Mo Yao mumbled in a daze, “Giant Sun’s will had transferred all the sub-wills away, now is the best time to seize the authority over Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!”


 “Right! Giant Sun’s will had neglected this in fulfilling his desire to deal with Zhao Lian Yun, thus exposing his greatest flaw, and giving us the opportunity to turn around this crisis!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a sharp brilliance.


 He looked at his surroundings, the fire of ambition soaring ever so high in his heart.


 He acutely grasped the flaw in the enemy!


 Win or lose, it all depended on this move; as long as he could take Eighty-Eight True Yang Building for himself, he would have the territorial advantage!


 By that time, even if Giant Sun’s main will were to be more formidable, he would only be a despondent dog locked out of the house, standing at the door and barking helplessly!



***
Chapter 623 - Refining Eighty-Eight True Yang Building


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng moved forward in the true inheritance secluded domain.


 In the dark true inheritance secluded domain, there was no more of the order and serenity from before.


 Because Giant Sun’s will had been extracted fully, the dozens of true inheritances here were ownerless inheritances, wild wills formed in them within a short time.


 These true inheritances were like shooting stars of all colors, flying extremely quickly in this dark space, they weaved a beautiful huge net with their trails.


 Swoosh!


 Another true inheritance flew quickly past Fang Yuan’s left side.


 This true inheritance was only the size of a bowl, it was giving off a silvery light and was very dazzling.


 It almost touched Fang Yuan’s body as it flew past, the silvery light shone on Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s faces.


 Their expressions were quite ugly, their gazes were full of anxiety and nervousness.


 These true inheritances were powerful and had special abilities, most of them had Immortal Gu among the Gu worms in them. Be it Fang Yuan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they could not endure an attack from them.


 Especially now, when the true inheritances were guided by the newly birthed wills, who knew when they would display their Immortal Gu abilities?


 This could not be predicted!


 Moving around this place was like walking on a tightrope above death.


 “These true inheritances are getting faster, have you found the target yet?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted at Fang Yuan, his voice was trembling.


 “Soon.” Fang Yuan answered.


 He also felt the pressure intensifying, even though he was a flying master and had exceptional skill, the pressure now was tremendous.


 Bam!


 Just at this moment, there was a loud explosion.


 “Oh no, quickly dodge!” In Fang Yuan’s mind, Mo Yao reminded.


 Not far away, two true inheritances collided, from the intense sounds produced by them, several Gu worms were destroyed on the spot.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had yet to feel pity at this, when his expression paled.


 The collision changed the two true inheritances’ directions, one of them which was bright yellow flew towards them.


 During the moment of crisis, Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly activated all of his defensive Gu, setting up a hundred lines of defense around him and Fang Yuan.


 The incoming true inheritance came with a strong force, destroying all of the defensive lines without any difficulty.


 But during this period, Tai Bai Yun Sheng managed to earn some precious time for him and Fang Yuan to escape.


 The shrill sound almost burst their eardrums, as the meteor-like true inheritance flew away with a blazing tail.


 In the blink of an eye, it was more than ten thousand steps away from the two of them.


 “My defense Gu were almost all destroyed!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression was pale: “Where there is life, there is hope, we should retreat.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had the intention of leaving already.


 Fang Yuan frowned, he was very clear on Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s nature.


 The older one was, the more cowardly they become.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng lacked the enthusiasm and spirit to take risks now, it was fine to ask him to heal others, but he was not an expert at putting himself into life and death situations.


 Just as Fang Yuan was thinking of what to say to spur Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s fighting spirit, Mo Yao screamed in his mind: “Quickly look, just above you guys, we found it!”


 Fang Yuan’s mind became sharp, he quickly looked up.


 Indeed, a supreme true inheritance was flying slowly, the speed of the light lump was not fast, it was a stark contrast to the other ordinary true inheritances.


 It was the size of an adult person, glowing with an orange and red light, giving off the feeling of warmth.


 The surrounding true inheritances, when they got close to it, took detours and changed their directions.


 Between Gu worms, there was absolute authority when they had a difference of two ranks.


 The authority of a supreme true inheritance was not something ordinary or unparalleled true inheritances could offend.


 “Go!” Fang Yuan was overjoyed, he shouted at Tai Bai Yun Sheng before flying over.


 ...


 “Hold on! All of you hold on!” Ye Lui Sang’s eyes were red, he shouted loudly as he activated his Gu worms, emitting fierce flames.


 The flames burned, quickly spreading.


 The golden horn leopard group that was attacking them had good resistance to high temperature. But Ye Lui Sang’s flames used the power of an Immortal Gu, the golden horn leopard group quickly melted in the flames, turning into puddles of golden mud.


 Seeing this, the surrounding Gu Masters cheered loudly.


 “Lord Ye Lui Sang is incredible!”


 “Thankfully lord is here, otherwise we would be dead meat.”


 Ye Lui Sang breathed roughly, he was exasperated, helpless and angry.


 “Damn it, what is going on? First, Tai Bai Yun Sheng became an immortal, next Imperial Court blessed land was facing destruction, ravaged by the once in ten years blizzard. Now even Eighty-Eight True Yang Building has come into the picture. I thought we could leave the trap, but the building’s rounds suddenly triggered! If I knew this, I would not have entered the last Imperial Court contest!”


 Ye Lui Sang was scolding in his heart.


 Not just him, Ma Ying Jie, Luo Bo Jun, Gu Guo Long and the other survivors were all kept in the dark, they did not know the truth.


 These people were all northern plains Gu Masters who had entered Imperial Court blessed land.


 After Imperial Court blessed land was torn with several holes, the once in ten years blizzard entered and wreaked havoc, killing almost all the mortals. Large numbers of low rank Gu Masters were injured or dead.


 But later, Giant Sun’s will’s found some time, despite being busy, to save some of the blood related descendants.


 Ye Lui Sang and the others were placed into the golden leopard round.


 When Fang Yuan activated the final trump card and sent Giant Sun’s will out of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building temporarily, without Giant Sun’s will controlling the round, the large golden horn leopard group started attacking Ye Lui Sang and the others fiercely.


 ...


 Outside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The golden sand-like Giant Sun’s will was covered the building like a thick layer of armor.


 Meanwhile, the terrifying heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity had combined into one, fusing to connect heaven and earth, it was pure white like snow, like a giant cocoon, enveloping the entire Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Giant Sun’s will in it.


 Outside the cocoon, wild winds blew, sharp blades made of ice were flying around everywhere. Inside the cocoon, lightning flashed and the snow poured like a storm.


 Crack!


 A snow-white lightning flash was formed abruptly, in the shape of a trident.


 The strange lightning descended from heaven, stabbing into Giant Sun’s will.


 “Snow war tribulation lightning!”


 Giant Sun’s will howled, this attack destroyed a large portion of Giant Sun’s will. There was a huge injury appearing on the golden sand-like armor.


 This snow war tribulation lightning had amazing strength, it was extraordinary. Even Gu Immortals would be moved when they see it, because it was one of the publicly recognised top ten catastrophes!


 Just this hit alone destroyed countless numbers of Giant Sun’s thoughts.


 But Giant Sun’s will was left behind by an Immortal Venerable, its foundation was immensely thick. The will that was like a golden sand armor quickly repaired itself.


 But other than the snow war tribulation lightning, there were also flying needle rain, explosive thunder hail, cruel wind scythe and others.


 These did not exist earlier, they were formed from Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heavenly tribulation chaotic lightning balls and earthly calamity restraining smoke, fusing with the once in ten years blizzard.


 Heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities continued to rain down carrying the intense rage of heaven and earth.


 Giant Sun’s will resisted them desperately, his losses were great.


 “Soon, very soon! In just several minutes, I will be able to break free of this obstacle and enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building again... You actually dared to expel me from the building, and keep me outside! I will tear your tendons and bones out, I will grind you to ashes, I will make you suffer a fate worse than death!” Giant Sun’s will had already transcended anger when he thought of Fang Yuan.


 ...


 Inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, there was still a small portion of Giant Sun’s will.


 Right now, he was controlling the treemen round, manipulating them in trying to push Giant Sun’s inheritance back to the true inheritance secluded domain.


 “Softly, don’t be too rough, this is the only one in the world!” Giant Sun’s will paid close attention to Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan was extremely irritated, but he could only reduce his strength.


 This was the one and only record of this luck path true inheritance that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had left behind, once it was destroyed, it would be irrecoverable.


 Precisely because of this consideration, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun who were inside the luck path true inheritance were able to survive.


 The two of them were hugging each other closely, they had no choice but to watch the giant light ball that was the luck path true inheritance slowly pushed towards the round tunnel.


 Even though they were famous and powerful characters in Fang Yuan’s previous life, both Gu Immortals, right now, they were still too weak.


 One was a newly advanced rank three Gu Master, while the other was a mortal who had not even started her cultivation journey.


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng and that Chang Shan Yin have gone missing.” Success was at hand, as Hei Lou Lan could not control it anymore, saying.


 Ever since Fang Yuan vanished, he had felt a vague sense of unease.


 “Forget about them, in just a moment my main will is going to return. By then, even if two or three more Gu Immortals come, they cannot do anything. The important thing now is to get this luck path true inheritance into the true inheritance secluded domain! Most luck path Gu worms are formless and ethereal. Only that place can contain these Gu worms.” Giant Sun’s will’s voice resounded in Hei Lou Lan’s ears.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded, shouting lowly as he mustered his strength.


 At once, he unleashed fifty strength path phantoms.


 These strength path phantoms had superior wisdom, they quickly rushed towards the luck path true inheritance. Enduring the blazing light, they pushed.


 The luck path true inheritance was finally completely pushed into the true inheritance secluded domain by this force.


 The tunnel closed.


 “Success.” Giant Sun’s will breathed out a deep sigh.


 Almost at the same time, the giant main will charged into the building.


 Giant Sun’s will which was controlling the treemen round fused with the main will, sharing their memories together.


 “Fang Yuan, where are you?!” The main will screamed loudly with deep hatred.


 “Greetings to old ancestor.” Hei Lou Lan bowed deeply, showing great joy.


 The main will was like a small sun, it shone brightly and was very domineering.


 It could be said that Hei Lou Lan had helped Giant Sun’s will in many ways.


 Giant Sun’s will was just about to praise him, but suddenly shouted in anger: ” You are all courting death! You dare to refine my Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!”


 Inside Giant Sun’s secluded domain, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng stretched out their palms, pressing the true inheritance light lump forcefully, their expressions were pale and their bodies were shivering.


 “Quickly! Just one last bit and we would succeed!!” In his mind, Mo Yao’s will shouted anxiously.



***
Chapter 624 - Shameless and devious scoundrel!


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In true inheritance secluded domain, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were firmly holding a supreme true inheritance from its left and right.


 Thanks to the guidance of Mo Yao’s will along with Giant Sun’s will being emptied out, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were able to get close to the true inheritance.


 The most crucial point was there was no primeval energy in true inheritance secluded domain.


 Wild Gu worms could absorb primeval energy directly from the surrounding air for their use. Without primeval energy, most Gu worms would lose their threat. This was also one of the reasons Giant Sun’s will was trying to push Giant Sun’s Luck Path True Inheritance back into true inheritance secluded domain.


 The supreme true inheritance had been letting out a warm orange light before, but in Fang Yuan’s and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s hands, it let out three colors.


 Silver-white light occupied the bulk of it; caused by the refinement from Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Gu Immortal will. The second color was grey from Fang Yuan. The third was black light from Mo Yao.


 Silver-white light was the most abundant, grey came second and black was in the least amount.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was a rank eight Immortal Gu House, formed from extremely large numbers of Gu worms. Fang Yuan’s group had to use all their strength to quickly refine Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 It could be said, whether it was Fang Yuan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they had both spent all their strength.


 “Just a little left, just a little more effort!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng anxiously yelled.


 The main portion of Giant Sun’s will had returned to True Yang Building, the three had heard its furious roar.


 The round light lump with the size of an adult had only a final trace of orange left on it. As long as this light was eroded, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would completely change its master and the situation would greatly incline towards Fang Yuan’s side!


 However, Giant Sun’s will furiously made his move at this final moment.


 The will left by an Immortal Venerable could not be looked down upon!


 And this will was the original master of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building! Thus, in just an instant, the final trace of orange was replaced by dazzling golden light.


 Fang Yuan’s group immediately felt gloomy at this color.


 This color meant that Giant Sun’s will had refined the final remaining trace of the supreme true inheritance’s will!


 “Juniors, you are really audacious, you dare to go after my Eighty-Eight True Yang Building! I will make you pay the most terrible price in the world!” From within the light lump, a roar from Giant Sun’s will sounded out.


 “Quick! There is only a meagre trace of Giant Sun’s will, we need to move together and destroy it, spare no energy!!” Fang Yuan shouted.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s forehead was filled with sweat; he did not need any reminder to be aware of the utmost importance of this matter.


 The two gave a deep shout and moved together, mobilising their wills to form a huge army of thoughts that unfolded a fierce assault towards the last trace of will.


 Giant Sun’s will’s roar stopped abruptly as he poured all his energy in defending against the assault.


 Its main body was enormous, but it had only refined a trace of the true inheritance and controlled the smallest portion. Even if it possessed majestic strength that far surpassed the allied thoughts army of Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it did not have the room to display its might, and the power it could let out was an insignificant fraction compared to that of the main body.


 The newborn wild will that had been born just recently in the supreme true inheritance had already been thoroughly extinguished.


 The tranquil true inheritance light lump became an unconventional battlefield that pitted Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Giant Sun’s will.


 Contest between wills involved profound techniques and skill.


 But be it Fang Yuan or Tai Bai Yun Sheng, they were not truly soul path Gu Masters. Fang Yuan could be considered to have started it just recently while Tai Bai Yun Sheng was truly a novice, relying on nothing more than the instinct to move his thoughts.


 As for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, his soul path attainment was definitely out of this world. Unfortunately, the one confronting the enemy was only the special will he had left behind.


 Thus, in this battle of wills, there were no fancy skills; it was only a head-on collision, a bloody fight.


 After a dozen or so breaths later, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s wills suffered disastrous losses.


 The quantity of Giant Sun’s will might be small, not even filling one percent of the true inheritance light lump, but it stood lofty and majestic.


 The main Giant Sun’s will was vast, its power flowed without pause. Every bit of loss it suffered was immediately replenished.


 By contrast, Fang Yuan’s group might have occupied the advantage of vast quantity, but they did not have high battle strength and were soon lacking the fuel to continue.


 “Damn it! We can’t expel Giant Sun’s will, the situation has gone south!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was deathly pale, the combined attack earlier was their most powerful method, but it showed no effect.


 Giant Sun’s will was laughing heartily.


 Fang Yuan and the group lacked the energy to continue the attack, and after Giant Sun’s will had resisted their most intense attacks, he began to expand his territory.


 In the true inheritance light lump, the part occupied by golden light began to expand bit by bit.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked on with wide eyes; they staked all their energy, but were only able to slow down Giant Sun’s will’s speed of expansion.


 Giant Sun’s will was truly terrifying.


 Even when it was schemed against repeatedly before, and most of its will was outside, suffering the deathly attacks from the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, the remaining part was still a tall, mountain-like barrier to Fang Yuan’s group.


 This enormous difference in their strengths was like a gulf between heaven and earth.


 “We are going to lose!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tone was grave, “This is just a will Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind, I really can’t imagine how powerful he was when alive!”


 “Damn it, only one last step was remaining!!” Mo Yao’s will grabbed her head, her voice mixed with a tone of sobbing and extreme regret, “If only we were a step earlier, as long as we had three breaths of time, we would have succeeded.”


 “Never mind!” Fang Yuan gnashed his teeth, his expression heavy.


 He had not given up yet, speaking with ruthless intent: “In this situation, we are unable to get our hands on Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. We cannot exterminate Giant Sun’s will, sooner or later it will swallow the space we occupy. But we have yet to lose! Don’t forget, there are still the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities outside True Yang Building!”


 “Are you saying?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression changed, blurting out.


 His nature was benevolent and passive, but he was not stupid, and immediately realized when Fang Yuan mentioned it.


 “That’s right, if I can’t obtain it, no one else should think about getting it. Since I can’t get Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, I would rather destroy it!” A ruthless glint shone in Fang Yuan’s eyes, his tone was so cold it could make the listener shiver.


 “But this is Eighty-Eight True Yang Building...” Mo Yao resounded, but her tone was wavering.


 She had no choice but to accept this was the best method to escape their predicament.


 Giant Sun’s will finally stormed into true inheritance secluded domain.


 “You two tiny ants, you actually forced me to this extent! You scheming scoundrels, your good days have come to an end, your sins are so great that even death would be letting you off cheaply. I will give you a punishment worse than death! I will peel off your skin, pull your tendons and let blood flow! I will burn your souls in flames and let you taste incomparable suffering for all eternity!”


 The golden will roared like a furious sea, and whipped up huge waves with it!


 Schemed upon time and time again by Fang Yuan, suffering the unrestrained bombardment of the calamities; Giant Sun’s will’s fury had already reached the summit, swearing to kill Fang Yuan, the main culprit.


 Compared to the golden wave, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were as small as ants.


 The flying true inheritances were swallowed by the golden wave, resulting in splashes but they stopped moving soon after.


 Giant Sun’s will had once again taken control of these inheritances.


 However, most of the Gu worms required primeval essence or immortal essence to be activated, and just Giant Sun’s will could not activate them.


 At present, most of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was controlled by Fang Yuan’s group.


 As long as they did not let Giant Sun’s will obtain Giant Sun’s immortal essence, these Gu worms could not be used.


 “Start.” Fang Yuan gave a soft shout, his gaze flashing with sharp intent.


 Giant Sun’s will’s powerful approach also dispelled Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s hesitation. He was already completely tied to Fang Yuan’s side and could only choose to forcibly advance together.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building originally shone with an aurora, but with the actions of Fang Yuan’s group, the aurora rapidly dimmed until it dissipated.


 The furious golden sea suddenly stilled.


 The next moment, Giant Sun’s will’s furious roar reverberated: “Bastards! You dared to make Eighty-Eight True Yang Building stop its operation, you, you damned scoundrels, you damned devious, shameless scoundrels!”


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building might have had wild will before, but it had just been born, thus it had still automatically operated as normal.


 However, Fang Yuan’s group had refined most of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and they forcibly made it stop its operations.


 Even the strongest fort would find it hard to resist an internal collapse.


 Although Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had not collapsed, its operations had stopped and just its shell had no might.


 Without any might, how could it resist the terrifying heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities?


 Fang Yuan’s group could neglect Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, in any case, they would not be able to obtain Eighty-Eight True Yang Building if this situation progressed.


 However, Giant Sun’s will could not neglect it.


 This was an inheritance from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, left behind for the benefits of his descendants; it must not be destroyed.


 Giant Sun’s will was left behind by the Immortal Venerable to manage Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, how could it just watch as the True Yang Building was destroyed?


 “Just you wait!” The golden sea of will swiftly retreated.


 The vast will of Giant Sun surged out of the tower like water, forming a golden armor as a defense around it.


 Giant Sun’s will had no choice but to suffer the ravaging bombardment of the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities to protect the weak Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. However, it still left behind a portion of will which surged towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng like a furious river.


 Fang Yuan, however, let out a breath of turbid air.


 Compared to the majestic furious sea from before, this will might be strong but they could deal with it, albeit with difficulty.


 Fang Yuan reluctantly took out a Gu from his pocket.


 It was flying bear phantom Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s will moved and threw the Gu casually; the flying bear phantom Gu flew forward, blossoming with beautiful white light.


 The white light dissipated and a giant flying bear protected Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, obstructing the river of will.


 “Damn it, flying bear phantom Gu!” Giant Sun’s will cursed.


 Flying bear phantom Gu was rather special; it was an Immortal Gu but it could be activated with just one’s mind, without requiring immortal essence.


 Refining it was difficult and feeding it was not easy, requiring the fresh flesh of the desolate beast flying bear.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan possessed Hu Immortal blessed land and could feed this Immortal Gu with the help of treasure yellow heaven.


 Even so, he had to pay an enormous price.


 Train an army for a thousand days to use it in one fight. Now, it was time for flying bear phantom Gu to show its worth!



***
Chapter 625 - Remaining trump card


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The flying bear phantom’s battle strength, almost not at the level of the desolate beast flying bear, it had at least half immortal battle strength. Most importantly, it might look bulky and slow, but it was very agile.


 The river of Giant Sun’s will swirled to its left and right, attempting to get past the flying bear phantom, to directly attack Fang Yuan and the others, obtaining victory.


 But he was still obstructed by the flying bear phantom.


 The flying bear phantom, even without Fang Yuan’s manipulation, had some intelligence and was quite crafty, it could battle entirely alone.


 Swoosh.


 The fat and large bear paw slammed down, carrying the sound of the wind with it.


 Bam!


 The golden sand-like Giant Sun’s will was smashed into bits by the bear paw, turning into golden dust as it dissolved in the air.


 But this was just a subsidiary.


 The golden river that was Giant Sun’s will was like a huge python coiling around the flying bear phantom tightly.


 At the same time, countless subsidiaries were created, attacking many areas of the flying bear phantom.


 The two were fighting closely, at a stalemate, neither could do anything to the other party.


 Giant Sun’s will could fuse and split at will, it had the freedom to change forms, flying bear phantom could not take it down. But Giant Sun’s will was tangled by the flying bear phantom and could not deal with the most crucial person — Fang Yuan.


 Giant Sun’s will had inherited a portion of the Immortal Venerable’s wisdom, it knew from the situation after some thinking: To kill Fang Yuan, it needed to use at least half of the river’s will.


 But the remaining half was not the flying bear phantom’s match.


 If he attacked forcefully, it was like he was handing the initiative over.


 If Fang Yuan retreated with the true inheritance light lump and dragged for time, after flying bear phantom destroys the Giant Sun’s will that was left fighting it, the situation would become dangerous.


 He had already suffered a loss from splitting up earlier when he drew his will out of the true inheritance secluded domain.


 At that time, Fang Yuan had used the glass owner token to challenge a small portion of Giant Sun’s will resolutely. In the end, both suffered injuries and eventually led to Giant Sun’s will taking a huge risk and paying a huge price, but only managing to regain control of the treemen round.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was grim.


 He sustained the true inheritance light lump, slowing Giant Sun’s will’s expansion progress while observing the situation and current battle state.


 “If Giant Sun’s will would split up again, that would be great. Unfortunately, it will never make the same mistake twice.” Fang Yuan observed for a while, seeing Giant Sun’s will fighting the flying bear phantom so intensely, but yet it did not think of splitting up, Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 The opponent was not making a mistake, thus Fang Yuan’s predicament was getting more dangerous.


 Right now, most of Giant Sun’s will was outside the building enduring the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, to protect Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, only two portions were left now.


 A portion was fighting with flying bear phantom. The other was competing with Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, trying to refine the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The supreme true inheritance that represented Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s ownership only had a trace of golden color originally, but now this trace had grown to palm size.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already squeezed out all of their potentials, they were shivering and their expressions were pale, they were sweating profusely but could not resist the expansion of Giant Sun’s will’s refinement.


 Giant Sun’s will was simply too great.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt like he was facing a valley and mountain during the resistance, he was helpless and felt hopelessness.


 Even Fang Yuan, a demonic head with an iron will, felt a strong sense of dejection growing in his heart at this point.


 If he allowed the situation to develop like this, one day, when Giant Sun’s will successfully expands, he would regain control of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. By then, Fang Yuan and the others would be dead meat.


 He had to do something!


 Despite so, Fang Yuan had already been too deeply involved in this supreme true inheritance, he could not do anything else.


 His greatest battle strength now was the flying bear phantom Gu, but it was already in use.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a temporary alliance mate that he obtained through swindling, but similar to Fang Yuan, he was already here engaging with Giant Sun’s will, he could not do anything else.


 It could be said that other than the Spring Autumn Cicada, Fang Yuan had used all of his trump cards.


 “Don’t tell me, I really have to use the Spring Autumn Cicada this time?” A thought flashed in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 But immediately after, he rejected it.


 “Spring Autumn Cicada is not an Immortal Gu that has a guaranteed success rate, I could fail. The black death bad luck on me right now is so thick. Once I self-detonate, my remaining consciousness would enter the Spring Autumn Cicada and travel upstream in the river of time, there is a high chance of meeting my end! My chances are probably lower than one out of ten.”


 How could he resolve this situation?


 “Sigh... Fang Yuan, we have no hope of success, let’s retreat! Using Fixed Immortal Travel, we can return to your blessed land.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng suggested.


 Should he really retreat?


 At this point, if he gave in, Giant Sun’s will would immediately regain control of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. By then, through his obstruction, would Fixed Immortal Travel Gu still activate successfully?


 Even if he succeeded, would this satisfy him?


 Fang Yuan was indignant!


 He had planned this for so long, he schemed so hard, victory was almost in sight, an immense fortune and benefit was right before him, he was just one step away!


 Just one tiny step!!


 “I am really indignant... Wait!” Fang Yuan’s expression changed, he thought of Ma Hong Yun.


 “I have no trump cards, but I can make use of this chess piece.” Inspiration flashed in his mind as Fang Yuan had no more hesitations, he flapped his wings and flew up with the supreme true inheritance.


 “Where are we going?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked quickly.


 “Just follow me.” Fang Yuan replied curtly.


 Fixed immortal travel Gu was in his possession and was refined by him, even if Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted to retreat, without Fang Yuan’s cooperation, he could not escape.


 “Don’t think of running away!” The river-like Giant Sun’s will growled, splitting up and forming back into one entity again, passing the flying bear phantom and charging towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 The flying bear phantom reacted quickly, it followed after them.


 Fang Yuan snickered, changing his direction. After moving in many directions, flying bear phantom returned to Fang Yuan’s side.


 Fang Yuan fled while battling, as the two sides fought and stopped many times. Sometimes, the river-like Giant Sun’s will was in front, sometimes, Fang Yuan took detours, using the flying bear phantom to fight back.


 The road was filled with shocks but no real danger.


 Although there were true inheritances of all sizes flying around chaotically, because of the supreme true inheritance’s aura, none got close.


 Using flying bear phantom as a shield, the river-like Giant Sun’s will could not stop Fang Yuan’s movement, he could only slow him down.


 But Fang Yuan’s circumstances were the same.


 He and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not do anything to the portion of Giant Sun’s will that was refining the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. In the contest of will, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were heavily suppressed, the golden light was expanding steadily, the two were bound to lose eventually.


 “So you are here!” When Fang Yuan saw the luck path true inheritance in his vision, he laughed loudly.


 “What are you trying to do?” The river-like Giant Sun’s will felt something amiss, he screamed out in panic.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan with similar confusion.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Tell me, what will happen when two supreme true inheritances collide?”


 The color on Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s face changed, Fang Yuan’s insanity made his heart jump.


 But thinking about it, he realized: This was an amazing and brilliant plan!


 He and Fang Yuan were unable to turn back now. The true inheritance light lump in their hands were extremely troublesome, if they let go, they would die, but if they did not, they would die sooner or later.


 But if the two supreme true inheritances collided, the results would be unthinkable.


 The consequences were so severe even Giant Sun’s will lost his composure!


 “You, don’t come over!” Ma Hong Yun shouted.


 Zhao Lian Yun was tightly held in his arms.


 But on this stage, the two of them were simply the weakest. If not for their extreme luck, they would have been grinded to dust long ago during the intense battles.


 Under the influence of luck and coincidences, the luck path supreme true inheritance became their guardian angel, but it had been pushed into the true inheritance secluded domain.


 After entering the true inheritance secluded domain, the threat of the luck path true inheritance hit rock bottom, it was almost a guaranteed success for Giant Sun’s will to deal with the otherworldly demon.


 If not for Giant Sun’s will being careful about protecting the luck path true inheritance, and was forced by Fang Yuan thus he could not leave and had to deal with him, he would have dealt with Ma and Zhao long ago.


 Ma Hong Yun was safe and sound here, in a way, it was all thanks to Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 But now, Fang Yuan was dragging the supreme true inheritance and rushed here on his own.


 “He, what is he trying to do?!” Zhao Lian Yun’s body was shuddering, through the translucent barrier, she was frantic and could see Fang Yuan’s cold smile.


 “No, you cannot do this! Quickly stop, stop it!!” The river-like Giant Sun’s will was shouting insanely from behind him.


 He was anxious!


 Once these two supreme true inheritances collide, they would definitely suffer great damages together.


 By that time, not only would the last remaining luck path true inheritance get damaged or even destroyed, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would even suffer immense damage that would be hard to imagine.


 The river-like Giant Sun’s will underwent intense thoughts, all of the thoughts that formed its will started self-detonating.


 The golden sand-like will in the shape of a river burst out with an eye piercing light, his battle strength surged by at least half.


 Flying bear phantom growled angrily, but was suppressed thoroughly.


 Fang Yuan’s brows were tightly locked, the situation was very dangerous, he had to put a portion of his concentration on the flying bear phantom, manipulating it to battle personally.


 Five hundred years of battle experience was nothing to be scoffed at!


 Under her manipulation, flying bear phantom moved more agilely, it ignored the injuries on it and blocked the river-like Giant Sun’s will completely in the end.


 “Fang Yuan, you are courting death! You want to deal with Ma Hong Yun, but do not forget the overwhelming power of fortune rivaling heaven Gu that he has! As long as you carry ill intent towards him, your luck will decrease drastically, even if you have half immortal battle strength, and is able to resist it temporarily, how long can you last?” The river-like Giant Sun’s will saw that he could not break through and started shouting.


 “Fang Yuan, Giant Sun’s will is absolutely right, you need to be very careful!” Mo Yao’s will also said.


 Fang Yuan snorted, without a bit of hesitation in his heart.


 Seeking fortune amidst danger, to Fang Yuan, only by emerging victorious amidst chaos could he have a chance of survival.


 Seeing that the two supreme true inheritances were less than a thousand steps away from each other, at this moment, there were ripples in the air, as dozens of figures were transported into the true inheritance secluded domain.


 They appeared ahead of Fang Yuan’s flying route, they were almost all familiar faces.


 Ye Lui Sang, Gu Guo Long, Bian Si Xuan...


 The leader was a brawny and muscular man, with hammer-like fists, he laughed ruthlessly towards Fang Yuan: “So you are called Fang Yuan! Old Ancestor Giant Sun has already exposed both of your crimes to the outside world. Your schemes have been exposed, it is all over, your life will be over here!”


 Who else was it but Hei Lou Lan?


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression changed abruptly, he could not free himself now as he was using all his strength to resist Giant Sun’s will who was refining the supreme true inheritance.


 The appearance of Hei Lou Lan and the others was simply too devastating.


 At the final juncture, this was akin to a fatal blow!


 “Hahaha!” The river-like Giant Sun’s will laughed loudly behind them: “You are all just in time!”


 He praised Hei Lou Lan and the others fervently.


 This was definitely the act of the main will who took some time to inform and mobilize this bunch of reinforcements.


 If this was during normal times, Hei Lou Lan and the others contained battle strength that was insignificant in Giant Sun’s will’s eyes. But at this time and place, they became a life-saving chess piece, they were the best bet in toppling the balance between the two sides!


 “Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, you are all dead meat!” The river-like Giant Sun’s will growled, slowing down and attacking.


 The initiative was grasped by Giant Sun’s will’s side once again.


 “We lost!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng heaved a long sigh, turning over to look at Fang Yuan, mustering his spirit: “Junior brother, enter my aperture, we will retreat! I have immortal essence, and you have Fixed Immortal Travel, now that Giant Sun’s will is being troubled by the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, we have to retreat now before it is too late!”


 Fang Yuan however, shook his head: “It is already too late! Once we let go, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building will fall into the control of Giant Sun’s will. This building has the ability to suck in Immortal Gu, and the range extends to the whole of northern plains, even if we use Fixed Immortal Travel, there is a high chance of failing in the end.”


 “Of course I know this.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tone was anxious: “But we can only take a risk, in order to fight for that slim chance of success. If we drag any longer and lose this last opportunity, we would not even have this slim chance of success left!”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was flickering in hesitation, he looked at the supreme true inheritance in his hand once again.


 In the true inheritance light lump, the golden dazzling light had occupied a third of the light lump’s capacity, and was expanding at an increasing speed.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply: “I did not think that we will still get to this point. Sigh, if not for the circumstances, I would not want to do this!”


 “Junior brother, you still have a method left?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and was shocked, overjoyed, and suspicious.



***
Chapter 626 - Immortal Ascension!


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 At this moment.


 In true inheritance secluded domain.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, who were mutually dependent on each other and under luck path supreme true inheritance’s protection, looked with panicked expressions.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were in control of the supreme true inheritance that represented Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 The two sides were cut off by Hei Lou Lan and the others, forming a firm defensive line.


 Behind Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, the river-like Giant Sun’s will and the flying bear phantom were fighting.


 Going even farther outside, the main Giant Sun’s will covered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, forcibly resisting the terrifying heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, protecting the inheritance treasure of Giant Sun.


 Hearing Fang Yuan still had a method left, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was naturally overjoyed and immediately urged: “Junior brother! What method do you have left, quickly use it.”


 Fang Yuan gave a bitter smile: “Senior brother, honestly, because of this desperate situation, I have no other ways but to use this method. I hope you will ensure my safety at the crucial moment.”


 “That goes without saying, we are fellow disciples after all!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately guaranteed.


 Fang Yuan nodded and instructed: “Senior brother, Giant Sun’s will originated from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, you must never underestimate it. Next, if it tries to sow discord between us, I won’t be able to talk and defend myself, you must never believe it!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng muttered: “Junior brother, we are of one family, you do not need to say anything and can rest assured. But from your tone, it seems you have a lot of concern and reservation towards using this method, if you are not too sure, we can still use Fixed Immortal Travel and leave immediately!”


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, revealing a confident expression: “Haha! Senior brother, rest assured, this method has unparalleled might, even the main Giant Sun’s will cannot leave unscathed. Just watch.”


 The two had not used any Gu worms to conceal their conversation. The experts present could not help but reveal shock and doubt.


 ‘A method that can harm the main Giant Sun’s will, what exactly is it?’ Hei Lou Lan frowned, he might looked crude but was actually astute, and did not carelessly move forward to fight.


 Under everyone’s gaze, Fang Yuan closed his eyes, slowly withdrawing his palms that were tightly grabbing the supreme true inheritance.


 This action immediately increased the pressure on Tai Bai Yun Sheng by several times!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked, but fortunately Fang Yuan had reminded him before, and he was able to quickly exert all his strength to resist the fierce encroachment of Giant Sun’s will.


 “Junior brother, use your method quickly, I cannot hold on for long!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted, beads of sweat dripping down his face.


 In just a few short breaths of time, the golden light on the supreme true inheritance light lump wantonly expanded, becoming the size of a washing basin!


 The speed was quick and violent!


 “Let me see what deceit you are pulling!” Looking at this state, Hei Lou Lan and the group did not dare to rashly charge ahead at this juncture.


 However, they had waited for a dozen breaths but still did not see any terrifying offense from Fang Yuan.


 This battlefield had sunk into a strange silence.


 The two sides did not speak, there were only the swoosh sounds of the flying true inheritances and the occasional collisions of the true inheritances!


 “Damn it, we were tricked!” Ye Lui Sang was furious, “This thief that disguised as Chang Shan Yin is truly crafty. He is already at a dead end and has exhausted all his methods, but is still pretending that he has an unfathomable and profound trump card!”


 “Everyone let’s go, kill this audacious conspirator!” Gu tribe’s leader Gu Guo Long shouted from the side.


 The leader, Hei Lou Lan, however, did not move.


 Not only was he not moving, his expression even turned grave.


 “Could it be...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan with bewilderment, he was the nearest and thus felt a formless heavenly power suddenly forming around Fang Yuan, gently lifting him up.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had an extremely deep impression of this heavenly power, after all he had personally experienced it not long ago.


 “Junior brother, you are shattering your aperture and ascending to immortal at this moment?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s words startled everyone present.


 The journey of a Gu Master crossing the mortal realm and ascending to an immortal was extremely dangerous and risky. To think Fang Yuan actually recklessly shattered his aperture at this dangerous moment, charging towards Gu Immortal realm.


 “Does this guy have a screw loose?”


 “He can’t even understand his situation, is he stupid?”


 “Did he see no chance of success and used this unusual method to die?”


 For a moment, Ye Lui Sang and the others were filled with heavy doubts.


 But the next moment, Giant Sun’s will’s furious roar reverberated over the whole of the true inheritance secluded domain: “Fang Yuan! I curse you to have a terrible death!! You actually shattered your aperture at this moment to attract the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity!! You are actually so bent on destroying True Yang Building. Everyone, kill this sinner quickly, the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity are already showing changes!”


 This roar was different from before, besides the overflowing fury, Giant Sun’s will’s voice now also contained panic!


 The fusion of so many heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities would not be a simple addition of one plus one equals two.


 The once in ten years blizzard wreaked havoc over the whole of northern plains; its range might be large but its might was not great. Even mortals could rely on some special places to forcibly resist it.


 The chaotic lightning balls and restraining smoke, left from Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s ascension, were mostly targeting wills and were only troublesome for Giant Sun’s will.


 But these two merged together and formed snow war tribulation lightning!


 This was one of the ten great catastrophes!


 This tribulation lightning had terrifying power, and Giant Sun’s will had to pay a large price to resist it.


 Now, if a new heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity was added on top of snow war tribulation lightning and if these two heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities merged together, the resulting change would have unparalleled power!


 Even Giant Sun’s will felt fear!! It was after all only a special will left behind by the Immortal Venerable, even if it could kill Gu Immortals, but under the might of heaven, it paled in comparison.


 “Quick, old ancestor has spoken, we need to attack together!”


 “Follow me, kill these two!”


 “Heroes of northern plains, crush these two outsiders to meat-paste.”


 Hei Lou Lan and the rest were startled awake and started acting according to Giant Sun’s will’s command, fiercely charging forward.


 Before they even neared, their respective Gu worms were already activated, forming a majestic offense. Strength path phantoms, malevolent fiery snakes, terrifying sword lights, pure white snow... all kinds of attacks converged together, seemingly forming beautiful fireworks.


 The fatal crisis was approaching him, but Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not spare even a trace of his thoughts to it, and used all his strength to resist the encroachment of the portion of Giant Sun’s will in the true inheritance light lump.


 Fang Yuan opened his eyes, maneuvering the flying bear phantom as well as activating his killer move.


 Six arm heavenly zombie king!


 He turned into an eight armed monster, his aura erupted and his will to fight flared.


 The flying bear phantom gave a miserable howl before using its gigantic body as a meat shield, blocking the attacks.


 The river-like Giant Sun’s will was free to move, immediately attacking Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan protected Tai Bai Yun Sheng, and welcomed the river-like Giant Sun’s will without evading.


 Boom!


 The two sides fiercely collided, the resulting explosion let out brilliant golden sparks everywhere.


 Large numbers of special will shattered and dissipated.


 Fang Yuan also suffered heavy injuries; six of his arms broke apart, his chest caved in, his right lower leg was completely gone and one eye was blinded.


 “Fang Yuan, your death is certain this time! You dared to ascend to Gu Immortal at this moment, who do you think you are? A reincarnated Immortal Venerable? Hmph, since you are seeking your own death, I shall help you with it.”


 The river-like Giant Sun’s will formed a python shape that coiled around into a circle, accumulating its power, its whole body radiating with dazzling golden radiance.


 Fang Yuan snorted, not replying. The terrifying injuries on his body rapidly recovered at a visible speed.


 He had transformed into a heavenly zombie; the feeling of pain was completely gone and death energy replaced his life energy. His recovery speed was thus greatly amplified, having no need for any rank five healing Gu.


 Boom, boom, boom...


 The intense collisions erupted repeatedly; Fang Yuan and the river-like Giant Sun’s will carried out an intense battle.


 “Thief, come down now!” Giant Sun’s will suddenly transformed into a giant hand and fiercely clawed at Fang Yuan’s back.


 With a tearing sound.


 The eagle wings on Fang Yuan’s back were directly torn apart, forming two enormous wounds that revealed his bones.


 Eagle rise Gu perished!


 Fang Yuan was heavily injured, but he did not budge a bit, instead he fiercely twisted his waist.


 Crack... He moved with such strength that he actually broke apart his waist!


 Disregarding the injuries on his body, Fang Yuan swung his hammer like fist straight into Giant Sun’s will.


 Boom.....


 In an instant, fierce wind surged and fist shadows flew with unstoppable momentum like a dragon overturning the river, like a fierce tiger leaving the mountain.


 The giant hand that Giant Sun’s will had condensed into had no time to split apart before it was struck by this vicious strike. The massive will was bombarded by the attack and shattered, suffering huge damage.


 Amidst the drizzle of golden sand-like will, Fang Yuan took the chance to pull back like a bolt of lightning.


 Giant Sun’s will had been waiting for a counterattack, but could only roar in fury as Fang Yuan was already far away.


 Fang Yuan was not a battle maniac and was as cool-headed as ice, never letting himself be overtaken by the heat of the fight. As the injuries on him rapidly healed, Fang Yuan gasped for breath; the pressure on him was as heavy as a mountain in this battle with Giant Sun’s will.


 He had already used all his strength but there was no doubt this was the strongest opponent he had faced since his rebirth!


 The two organized themselves again and after a few breaths of time, they charged at each other again.


 “So what if you are an Immortal Gu? Go and die!” On the other battlefield, Hei Lou Lan’s violent shout could be heard.


 Tens of strength path phantoms suddenly retreated and entered Hei Lou Lan’s body.


 Hei Lou Lan’s body merged with the strength path phantoms, transforming into a giant phantom within moments.


 The giant reached a height of over a hundred feet. The muscles on it were bulging and vivid, and its appearance was exactly similar to Hei Lou Lan.


 “Feel my killer move!!” The giant strength path phantom’s voice rumbled like thunder; it headed straight towards the flying bear phantom and smashed its right fist at the flying bear phantom’s skull.


 The flying bear phantom was being held under control by Ye Lui Sang and others; caught unprepared, it was sent rolling down.


 Smash.


 The giant strength path phantom showered the flying bear phantom with punches; the flying bear phantom was heavily injured after suffering the continuous attacks, and angrily counterattacked.


 However, the giant strength path phantom was nimble and displayed a master level attainment in close combat. After a while, the flying bear phantom’s body was beaten into such a mess that its original appearance was indistinct.


 “The final strike!” The giant strength path phantom raised its right leg and smashed down like an axe.


 Boom!


 A huge rumbling sound echoed, the flying bear phantom could no longer endure and its stout giant body disappeared, turning back into Gu form and flying away shakily.


 The giant strength path phantom grabbed the Immortal Gu and smiled malevolently towards Fang Yuan.


 “Hei Lou Lan’s true strength has reached such a level!”


 “Too terrifying, he can almost destroy an Immortal Gu!”


 “My loss in this Imperial Court contest was not unjust...”


 Ye Lui Sang and others looked on with wide open eyes.


 Hei Lou Lan’s battle strength was absolutely not inferior to Fang Yuan’s, and was even higher in certain aspects because of his Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 Flying Bear Phantom was an Immortal Gu but without any Gu worms as assistance and Fang Yuan not maneuvering it personally, it was normal for it to be captured by Hei Lou Lan.


 The flying bear phantom was destroyed, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng was using all his strength to contend with Giant Sun’s will for the supreme true inheritance. As such, Fang Yuan who was in an intense battle with the river-like Giant Sun’s will was alone and facing danger.


 “You have a good head on your shoulders, I will take it as my victory trophy and preserve it.” Hei Lou Lan’s voice came out from the giant strength path phantom.


 It slowly flew towards Fang Yuan.


 “Fang Yuan, give up resisting. You no longer have a way out!” The river-like Giant Sun’s will spoke.


 Although it had fought with Fang Yuan only for a short time, its size was already less than half of before.


 One could say Fang Yuan, being able to force the Immortal Venerable’s will to this state, had tremendous battle strength which was not inferior to Hei Lou Lan’s.


 Unfortunately, he was shrouded in a black coffin luck aura and his circumstances were extremely bad. Even if he was greatly resourceful and extremely brave, it seemed that he would be unable to reverse this situation!


 “Hahaha...” Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed loudly!


 His laughter resounded through the battlefield, displaying a matchless bravery!


 “Giant Sun’s will, you want to break my spirit by every possible means, but my heart is like iron and my will is like steel! Our battle has just begun.”


 The river-like Giant Sun’s will did not retort, instead falling into silence.


 The giant strength path phantom Hei Lou Lan had transformed into also stopped its movements.


 Heaven and earth qi manifested around Fang Yuan.


 Gu Masters shattered their aperture to ascend to Gu Immortal realm, which would attract heaven and earth qi. Fang Yuan was inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building which delayed this for a moment.


 That short moment was the most dangerous and most difficult time, but Fang Yuan was able to hold on by exerting all of his methods.


 In the vicinity of heaven and earth qi, ordinary Gu worms could not be used and their activation would cause a backlash. In severe cases, even Immortal Gu could also perish.


 Hei Lou Lan was only using mortal Gu, and had no choice but to stop.


 The process of Fang Yuan’s immortal ascension had officially begun.



***
Chapter 627


***





 Chapter 627: Top Ten Catastrophes, Chaotic Branching Teeth


 Clear and glorious heaven qi, golden earth qi, more and more of them surrounded Fang Yuan.


 Hei Lou Lan and the others retreated.


 The river-like Giant Sun’s will growled endlessly, but did not dare to charge in abruptly.


 After the intense battle with Fang Yuan, its mass was reduced by more than half.


 It was anxious internally: “Damn it! Unless the main will sends reinforcements over, I alone cannot take down this Fang Yuan.”


 The battlefield turned silent temporarily.


 Fang Yuan saw that the situation had progressed just as he expected, breathing out a huge sigh of relief.


 In the contest for Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, after several twists and turns, the current situation was becoming clearer.


 Fang Yuan’s situation was like walking on a tightrope, intense wind was blowing and he was almost blown away several times, losing his initiative. If not for his brilliant schemes and endless trump cards, he would not have lasted this long.


 Especially this time, Fang Yuan gambled his life, bravely going for a mutual defeat, finally managing to get back the initiative.


 “My northern plains trip has reached the most crucial climax! Next, my immortal ascension is extremely important, it can almost decide victory and loss in this battle!” Fang Yuan concentrated his mind, just as he had said, the real battle was just beginning.


 “Junior brother, don’t be too careless!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s tone was solemn, his gaze was anxious as his heart was full of worry.


 He had just become an immortal, he was extremely clear about the difficulties of immortal ascension. He knew: If not for Giant Sun’s will’s help, he would not have succeeded. Even if he had his life’s accumulation and that deep foundation!


 “Sigh, junior brother is too young and daring, he should not have made this choice! Had I known earlier, I would not have let him take this step! Sigh, hopefully, he had received master’s guidance and can succeed luckily...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed in his heart.


 Fang Yuan made eye contact with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, nodding his head.


 Next, he closed his eyes, his mind entering his aperture.


 Ordinary Gu Masters and Gu Immortals, in their entire lives, they can only have one aperture. But Fang Yuan had once taken a major risk in three kings blessed land, obtaining an immense opportunity. Thus, after using the second aperture Immortal Gu, he now had two apertures.


 After the imperial court contest, both his apertures were rank five peak stage, crystal purple primeval essence!


 There were three steps in immortal ascension, the first was to shatter the aperture.


 Fang Yuan shattered the second aperture.


 When Gu Masters shatter their aperture, they can only advance with no way of retreating. That is because they only have one aperture.


 But Fang Yuan had two.


 That means, even if Fang Yuan fails this tribulation, he would lose one aperture, but he would still keep another aperture.


 Keeping one aperture could preserve his life.


 This was one of the benefits of second aperture Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not know this secret, if he knew, the worry in his heart would dissipate greatly.


 Crack!


 Crack!


 Crack!


 Lightning bolts shot down endlessly, targeting Giant Sun’s will.


 “Fang Yuan you scoundrel, you will die a terrible death!” Giant Sun’s will howled, he resisted the tribulation lightning as his golden sand-like will exploded time and time again.


 This lightning bolt was extraordinary, it had the appearance of a trident and had great power, as one of the ten great catastrophes.


 Originally, snow war tribulation lightning did not strike at such close intervals, one bolt would form every tens of breaths’ time. But now, when Fang Yuan shattered his aperture and drew in the heaven and earth qi, a new heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity were formed.


 The heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity fused with the once in ten years blizzard, increasing the power of the snow disaster.


 Snow war tribulation lightning acted like it was on drugs, in its excitement, several bolts were shot down with less than a breath’s interval each time!


 Every time he resisted it, Giant Sun’s will paid a heavy price.


 But he could not leave.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building needed his protection.


 Now that Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had lost almost all its functions, it was like an empty shell. If Giant Sun’s will’s protection was lifted, in just a moment, the entire Eighty-Eight True Yang Building would be crumbled under the terrifying might of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was an inheritance treasury that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had left behind, with Giant Sun’s will as the controller of this building. Its main objective forced Giant Sun’s will to resist the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity head on.


 This way, he had become Fang Yuan’s protector during this tribulation.


 Protecting his sworn enemy and helping him to ascension to immortal realm, Giant Sun’s will, who was forced by circumstances and had to do this, could feel an immense humiliation and rage in his heart.


 “Fang Yuan, you scoundrel, once I survive this heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity, I will tear your tendons out, I will drink your blood and eat your flesh!” Giant Sun’s will howled, even though there was the sound of thunder, it could not mask his rage.


 Very soon, his howling came to an end, it turned into shock: “This, this is the chaotic branching teeth!”


 Only to see that in the air filled with lightning and thunder, eighteen spirals appeared.


 The spirals spun faster and faster, as they expanded rapidly.


 In each of these black spirals, there was a large snow-white beast tooth forming slowly.


 A total of eighteen beast teeth, each white as snow, with a huge size like that of ancient trees, over thirty meters tall.


 The beast teeth were waiting to strike, and an intense feeling of danger struck Giant Sun’s will’s heart.


 Chaotic branching teeth was also one of the top ten catastrophes, ranked higher than even the snow war tribulation lightning, and had greater might.


 “I cannot allow all eighteen chaotic branching teeth to strike at the same time! At that time, even I cannot resist it... I must destroy them in advance!!” Giant Sun’s will was full of battle experience, he chose to strike immediately.


 He had no hesitation, creating ten wills in the form of dragons, flying about and charging towards the heavenly tribulation in the sky with no fear.


 However, along the way, there were wind blades, icy hail, and snow war tribulation lightning that attacked non stop. The ten dragon will suffered heavy casualties along the way, only five made it to the spirals.


 In fact, the result of their attacks was not very evident.


 Only three succeeded, destroying the spirals. The remaining two dragon wills suffered too much damage, the spirals that they charged towards flickered for a bit before recovering.


 The tribulation lightning crackled, the speed of attacks becoming even quicker than before! It was like a wordless mockery towards Giant Sun’s will.


 “Damn it! Despicable!’ Giant Sun’s will was helpless, he split out another ten dragons and charged again in desperation.


 Within true inheritance secluded domain, it was a scene of serenity.


 Fang Yuan shut his eyes, his expression was calm and he breathed in relaxation.


 His mind was mostly focused on the shattered second aperture.


 “My first aperture is my vital Gu Spring Autumn Cicada. This Gu is incomparably important, if I ascend to immortal realm with it, I will be a time path Gu Immortal. But my knowledge of time path is too limited, and to undergo tribulation with Immortal Gu, I cannot take this risk without any experience.”


 “Only the second aperture, with the vital Gu all-out effort Gu, I can become a strength path Gu Immortal. Since rebirth, I had studied strength path intensely, although it is not on the level of blood path, I still have the foundation to become an immortal.”


 This second aperture had already shattered into a mess, forming a hole and sucking in the heaven qi and earth qi.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was less than a hundred years old, but he had the foundation and accumulation to become a Gu Immortal. Fang Yuan had five hundred years of experience, and his knowledge surpassed Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had an immortal inheritance, it was definitely more than sufficient for him to rise to immortal.


 “Except that now, it is still not the best time to ascend to immortal.” Fang Yuan laughed bitterly in his mind.


 Fang Yuan’s strength path cultivation had not reached its limits. He had only a hundred jun of strength, and his bones were impermanence bones, his skin was turtle jade wolf skin, and his strength path Gu worms were not all rank five.


 All these affected his future potential after becoming an immortal, as well as the size of his immortal aperture, it would be best if he could perfect them. Fang Yuan’s original intention was to accumulate his foundation to the absolute limit before taking the risk of immortal ascension after making ample preparation.


 Unfortunately, plans do not keep up with changes.


 Forced by the situation, Fang Yuan could only do this.


 As the heaven and earth qi entered his body, at the same time, Fang Yuan’s body was emitting a thick white human qi.


 The thickness of the human qi was like a huge balloon, completely covering Fang Yuan’s entire body.


 Hei Lou Lan saw this and his pupils shrunk.


 Ye Lui Sang said in disbelief: “How is this possible, he has such thick human qi, this is even greater than Tai Bai Yun Sheng!”


 “To think that junior brother’s foundation is so deep. I can see that junior brother had made preparations for this immortal ascension long ago, he is not taking an impulsive risk.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked with a surprised gaze, his heart settling.


 The clear and unrestrained heaven qi, the golden and heavy earth qi, together with the pure white as snow human qi, the three merged and formed a multi-colored lump.


 At this point, he had reached the second step of immortal ascension — taking in the qi.


 “Damn it, the scoundrel has starting taking in the qi. Why are the reinforcements not here yet?” The river-like Giant Sun’s will was burning with anxiety.


 He did not dare to act rashly.


 Once he was stained by heaven qi, he would melt into air. If he was corroded by earth qi, he would turn into rocks and die.


 Fang Yuan, who was the intersection point of the three qi faced dangers after dangers even more so.


 He had to balance the three qi at all times, if there were too much heaven and earth qi, he would die. Even human qi, if the balance was off, would cause him to self-detonate.


 However, fortune is found within danger, the greater the risks, the greater the opportunities.


 The balance of the three qi, the fusion between them was bringing Fang Yuan an unceasing amount of inspiration.


 Heaven and earth were the foundation stones that nurtured all life, the fusion of heaven and earth qi filled Fang Yuan’s mind with the grand mysteries of the Great Dao.


 The three qi were fusing intensely, as Fang Yuan was inside, returning to his usual appearance after recalling the six arm heavenly zombie king killer move.


 His injuries were rapidly healing, the healing speed was faster than his healing during six arm heavenly zombie king mode!


 The three qi cleansed his body, not just his flesh, but his soul, mind, and will, they were being elevated.


 He felt like a baby, being cleansed and returned to a pure state. Fang Yuan’s eyes became clearer, the contrast between the black and white parts became more evident. His muscles were reconstructed one by one, the scars on his body fell off, and new skin grew on him. Even his hair started growing wildly, it grew longer and longer, when they were waist long, they broke, before growing again, and breaking, repeating the cycle...


 Be it his body, his bones, his organs or his face, they were undergoing a magical transformation.


 At the same time, the experiences in his previous five hundred years, as well as the events since rebirth flashed in his mind rapidly.


 In just a short amount of time, Fang Yuan revisited his entire life.


 A complex feeling that was indescribable, his memories that were deep within his mind all resurfaced, filling Fang Yuan’s heart. 

 In his memories, all those cultivation questions that could not be answered obtained perfect answers like the work of a deity.


 At this moment, heaven and earth were impartial, they were generous and imparted the mysterious of the Great Dao towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan had to deal with his emotions while cherishing this opportunity to learn more about the mysteries of the Great Dao, and in the meantime balancing the three qi. Should he lose balance, he would die.


 Countless Gu Masters failed at this step during their ascension!



***
Chapter 628 - Formidable Hei Lou Lan


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In true inheritance secluded domain, Fang Yuan was surrounded by the thick lump of the three colored qi, his body completely hidden.


 “Junior brother, you have to control yourself. I am not concerned with you having to deal with the emotional turbulence, but I’m afraid that you are young and brave, and might be greedy towards the mysteries of the Great Dao, forgetting your limits and taking in too much heaven and earth qi.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s gaze was filled with worry.


 Heaven and earth qi had already spread to his surroundings, he had to flew away from Fang Yuan slowly.


 Giant Sun’s will who was fighting with him over the control of the supreme true inheritance slowed his steps.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s pressure reduced, and his situation turned for the better.


 “This accursed scoundrel, he actually has so much human qi. Damn it, why hasn’t he lost balance yet?” The river-like Giant Sun’s will gritted his teeth and cursed.


 He was not the only one hoping for such a result, Hei Lou Lan and the others were having the same thoughts.


 “This guy is so young, yet he can balance the three qi for so long!”


 “He and Tai Bai Yun Sheng address each other as disciple brothers, they must have some extraordinary origin. Don’t tell me he is really going to become a Gu Immortal?”


 “No way! Is becoming a Gu Immortal so easy! Do you think Ancestor Giant Sun is useless?”


 Everyone conversed in secret, not daring to make a move. With such intense heaven and earth qi, once they suffer a backlash, it would be no joke.


 Fang Yuan was inside the lump of qi, but his calm face showed a faint smile.


 “Incredible, simply incredible...” his eyes were shut tight as he mumbled. All sorts of Great Dao mysteries were flowing into his mind like a warm spring.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan underwent immortal ascension and became a blood path Gu Immortal, this was his second ascension.


 With this valuable experience, he was much calmer than any other Gu Master in the world. Compared to usual Gu Masters, he also knew the truth behind this event.


 Man is the spirit of all being, they have the greatest spirituality. Gu are the essence of heaven and earth, they are the carriers of the Great Dao.


 Any path to longevity was a path of transcendency.


 To transcend, one needed accumulation.


 And the most basic method of accumulating one’s foundation was to learn.


 Gu Masters use Gu, nurture Gu, and refine Gu. From Gu, they learn about the mysteries of heaven and earth indirectly.


 But when a Gu Master undergoes ascension, they were directly conversing and interacting with heaven and earth.


 This interaction was extremely precious, most likely, each person only had one of such an opportunity in their life.


 Fang Yuan treasured this opportunity greatly, he grabbed onto it and tried his best to make use of it.


 The mysteries of heaven and earth were even deeper and more profound than the depths of the sea. Fang Yuan knew his limits, he did not venture into it aimlessly, but instead, steered towards strength path, deepening his understanding and feeling the true essence of this path.


 He had after all, only cultivated strength path on the side in his previous life, even though he cultivated strength path directly in this life, it was only for a short time.


 His original attainment in strength path, strictly speaking, was only quasi strength path master.


 But making use of this opportunity, his understanding of strength path surged, bursting through the sky! Very quickly, he got past the barrier to strength path master, quickly surpassing master realm and charging towards the realm of grandmaster.


 Fang Yuan had no choice but to do this.


 The second aperture that he shattered had the rank four all-out effort Gu as its vital Gu. This Gu was of the strength path, if it was put in first during the third step, it would help Fang Yuan become a strength path Gu Immortal.


 But this Gu was not rank five, with a lower rank, Fang Yuan could only use a higher strength path attainment to compensate for the difference, otherwise, the third step of putting in Gu would be extremely risky. If the immortal aperture could not be created, this immortal ascension would end in failure.


 Outside True Yang Building.


 Intense winds were blowing, tribulation lightning was striking!


 The heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities formed a cocoon qi lump, the qi lump was extremely huge and completely covered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building within it.


 After Fang Yuan shattered his aperture, the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities underwent a new terrifying change.


 In order to protect Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Giant Sun’s will had no choice but to resist it, now was the crucial moment!


 Bam...


 Following the intense sounds of the wind, nine snow white chaotic branching teeth shot out together like lightning.


 Their speed was so fast only nine shadows could be seen, resembling flashes of lightning.


 Giant Sun’s will was already mentally prepared, he had been waiting.


 The will armor that was shielding Eighty-Eight True Yang Building increased in thickness by many times, becoming ten meters thick.


 At the same time, Giant Sun’s will split out dozens of will hands, opening the palms and creating a barrier in the air.


 Nine chaotic branching teeth shot down at once, during their descent they collided with each other, causing their directions to change randomly, turning left and right, it was unpredictable.


 The will hands flew around following them, defending desperately.


 The chaotic branching teeth pierced many of the will hands, stabbing the main Giant Sun’s will and causing nine deep holes to appear on the thick will armor that was a thousand times tougher than steel.


 Giant Sun’s will grunted, the will’s main body was only chaotic for a moment before calming down.


 Looking at his injuries, Giant Sun’s will could not help but feel shocked.


 Nine wounds of varying depth, two were six meters deep, almost piercing into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, it was really a dangerous scene.


 “Thankfully, I spared no effort in destroying half of the chaotic branching teeth earlier. Otherwise, if all eighteen moved at once, their trajectory would be even harder to predict, how would I be able to weaken them while in the air?”


 Giant Sun’s will felt some relief, but his hatred and anger towards Fang Yuan also intensified: “This accursed scoundrel Fang Yuan! I am actually shielding him during his immortal ascension! As long as I recover sufficiently, I will definitely... eh!”


 Giant Sun’s will stared at the eighteen spirals forming in the air in a daze.


 “There is actually a second wave of chaotic branching teeth?!” Seeing this, Giant Sun’s will was fuming with anger.


 To defend against the chaotic branching teeth earlier, he had expended a sixth of his thoughts. But now there was a second wave!


 “Wait, this is?!”


 Among the eighteen spirals, another eighteen spirals started forming.


 Seeing this, even Giant Sun’s will felt suffocated.


 “The third wave of chaotic branching teeth came together with the second?!” He howled at the sky, the armor-like main will shook intensely, almost breaking apart. If he could vomit blood, he would have vomited a river by now.


 Earlier when defending against the nine chaotic branching teeth, Giant Sun’s will had already used his full strength.


 Right now, there were a total of thirty-six spirals, thirty-six chaotic branching teeth, this fearsome power could not be calculated by simple addition!


 “This scoundrel Fang Yuan! I curse you to die!!” Giant Sun’s will almost wanted to discard Eighty-Eight True Yang Building at this moment, directly going to Fang Yuan and killing him without considering the consequences.


 But he was not an anger will, but a special will.


 He had to think of the big picture, he had to protect this inheritance treasure which was Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 He had to contact the other subsidiary wills and gather all his strength, in order to resist these heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities.


 “What? The main will wants to send me to defend against the heavenly tribulations?!” Within true inheritance secluded domain, the river-like Giant Sun’s will was still waiting for reinforcement, but the reply from the main will caused his heart to turn cold, like he had fallen into an icy river.


 “God damn it!” Giant Sun’s will which was contesting with Tai Bai Yun Sheng over the supreme true inheritance felt great regret, but he had to divert most of his strength to the main will.


 But to prevent Eighty-Eight True Yang Building from being taken by Tai Bai Yun Sheng, a portion of Giant Sun’s will was still needed to maintain the situation inside the true inheritance light lump.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt his pressure decreasing all of a sudden, and heaved a sigh of relief.


 “Giant Sun’s will has finally stopped expanding! Junior brother, your plan has worked perfectly. It seems that the fusion of three heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities creates terrifying might that would force even Giant Sun’s will to defend against it with all his strength. Junior brother, you are worthy of being benefactor’s disciple, you need to survive this. The third step of putting in Gu is the most important of all, success or failure will all depend on this!”


 As time continued to pass, the three colored qi lump surrounding Fang Yuan started shrinking, until it completely went into the area of Fang Yuan’s broken aperture.


 “He actually completed the step of taking in the qi, he is at the final step!” Hei Lou Lan and the others were watching by the side, seeing Giant Sun’s will retreating, they panicked.


 “What do we do now? Do we just watch him become a Gu Immortal?!” Ye Lui Sang screamed.


 “Fang Yuan has no more heaven and earth qi around him, we should go and kill him now.” Bian Si Xuan suggested, but she made no movement.


 Everyone looked at each other, they were shocked, suspicious, and in a difficult spot.


 Fang Yuan still had the Gu Immortal Tai Bai Yun Sheng supporting him.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s pressure was lifted, he held the true inheritance light lump as he faced Hei Lou Lan and the rest of the gang, showing an unyielding attitude.


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng is not a problem, but once the immortal ascension succeeds, our problems would be endless. He is not a weak healing Gu Immortal like Tai Bai Yun Sheng...” Hei Lou Lan clenched his fists, a fierce light shining in his eyes.


 After thinking about it, he made up his mind and shouted: “Attack!”


 Saying so, the strength path phantom giant took huge strides forward, attacking.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was crying in his heart, he did not dare to take on Hei Lou Lan’s attacks directly, he shouted: “You dare! As long as you come, I will throw this supreme true inheritance at the luck path true inheritance, let’s see how you account to Giant Sun’s will then!”


 Everyone’s fighting intent evaporated after hearing Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s threat, their morale sinking.


 Don’t listen to him, we’ll leave a few people to protect the luck path true inheritance, the rest will come with me!” Hei Lou Lan snorted, immediately saying.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart sank, it was difficult for him to handle the situation.


 “Hahaha...” At this moment, Fang Yuan laughed wildly from behind him.


 He had already opened his eyes: “Never mind! Come and chase me. Let’s see how many of you are flying masters!”


 Eagle rise Gu had already been destroyed, but why would the vigilant him not have spares?


 Fang Yuan owned Hu Immortal blessed land and could connect to treasure yellow heaven, he did not lack any mortal Gu.


 This sentence was even more demoralising to the gang compared to Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Once they thought of Fang Yuan’s flying master attainment, and the huge space that was available in true inheritance secluded domain, all of their morale almost hit rock bottom.


 Hei Lou Lan’s gaze shone for a bit, but he was unmoved.


 He was the Lord of the Imperial Court for this round, he had exemplary talent and a ruthless nature, he would not become dejected with just a few words.


 “We will chase him even if we cannot catch him, I want to see how he can undergo immortal ascension under such pressure!” Hei Lou Lan’s words lifted the morale once again.


 Fang Yuan’s expression turned grim, he did not speak anymore.


 Hei Lou Lan hit the main point.


 During an ordinary immortal ascension, the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity would be all around him, if his enemies wanted to obstruct him, they would face the might of the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.


 But now that Giant Sun’s will was blocking the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities outside, it gave Hei Lou Lan and the others an opportunity to intervene.


 Although in this true inheritance secluded domain, there was still heaven and earth qi left that could cause backlash in mortal Gu.


 But Hei Lou Lan and the others were just like Fang Yuan, they were all using mortal Gu, thus they all faced the same backlash.


 At once, the situation changed again.


 Although Giant Sun’s will left to resist the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities wholeheartedly, Fang Yuan’s predicament did not become any easier.


 Hei Lou Lan was indeed a formidable character, he was an outstanding person and knew the perfect timing to strike.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal ascension was stuck between the second and third step, the situation had turned dangerous yet again.



***
Chapter 629 - Formless Hand


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Fang Yuan, why are you running?”


 “You cowardly scum, are you afraid? Do you have the guts to fight me for three hundred rounds?!”


 “You are unworthy of disguising as Chang Shan Yin. You don’t even have one percent of his bravery.”


 Inside true inheritance secluded domain. Fang Yuan was flying away rapidly while the others chased from behind, taunting him endlessly.


 These insults and provocations fell on deaf ears, Fang Yuan’s expression was tranquil without any emotions.


 He was closely observing his surroundings, true inheritance secluded domain was vast but it was not a flat area and many true inheritance meteors flew around in disorder, even colliding occasionally.


 Giant Sun’s will had taken control of many true inheritances just before, but there were still many masterless true inheritances left in true inheritance secluded domain.


 If Fang Yuan was unfortunately obstructed by these true inheritances, the group of Gu Masters behind him would be able to near him. Once he was encircled, the situation would turn much more dangerous.


 Right at this moment, a dark red true inheritance meteor flew towards Fang Yuan.


 Wind flower Gu.


 Fang Yuan, however, had a slight smile on his face as he inwardly willed.


 A gust of wind condensed into a giant flower which suddenly appeared beside him. The wind flower nimbly changed its direction, carrying him with it.


 Swoosh—!


 A sharp ear-piercing wind breezed past; Fang Yuan brushed past this unparalleled true inheritance light lump.


 The unparalleled true inheritance shot forward directly towards the group of Gu Masters behind; the group was caught unprepared and panicked for a moment, dodging and fleeing.


 Taking advantage of this time, Fang Yuan increased his speed and rapidly pulled apart the distance between him and the group.


 Hei Lou Lan’s group naturally was not willing to see this situation. Each of them was an elite; they immediately reacted and sent out countless long range attacks.


 Fang Yuan sneered, using the primeval essence in his first aperture.


 Flash bug Gu.


 This was a rare space path movement Gu and under its effect, Fang Yuan immediately disappeared from the spot.


 When he appeared, he was already five hundred steps ahead.


 The attacks from Hei Lou Lan and the others thus landed on nothing.


 Fang Yuan stopped flash bug Gu and changed to eagle rise Gu.


 Flash bug Gu was a rank five Gu but its speed was not great, and it also expended a lot of purple crystal primeval essence to move forward by five hundred steps per use. Its main usage was to make sudden movements to avoid attacks.


 To truly speed up and fly for a long distance, eagle rise Gu was still a lot better.


 Eagle rise Gu might only be rank four Gu, but there were six wings on Fang Yuan’s back; he had simultaneously used three eagle rise Gu!


 Eagle rise Gu’s speed was very impressive and rapidly transported him away, while also consuming less primeval essence.


 The group of Gu Masters chasing Fang Yuan could only gnash their teeth as he rapidly flew away.


 “Damn it! This guy is truly slippery, only focusing on running away, he has not even a bit of bravery.”


 “Didn’t he shatter his aperture to ascend to Gu Immortal? How come he still has so much primeval essence left?”


 “Hmph, there are many methods for Gu Masters to preserve primeval essence. So what if the aperture is shattered? One just needs to have Gu that can store primeval essence like fish bubble Gu, beggar moth or grave yam Gu.”


 “My movement Gu can’t endure it, the backlash from heaven and earth qi is really terrifying.”


 Hei Lou Lan sneered: “We are suffering backlash, he is also in the same situation. We will continue chasing without stop. The enemy is a flying master, it is normal for us to not be able to reach him. But as long as we chase closely and not give him time to advance to a Gu Immortal, we will have fulfilled our objective!”


 Fang Yuan glanced back and seeing that the pursuers had no intention of giving up, the anxiety in his heart deepened.


 Without doubt, he had to admit that Hei Lou Lan was striking at his weak point.


 Bursts of pain spread from his second aperture.


 The second aperture was already shattered, forming a hole which was occupied by a lump of three colored qi at this moment, waiting for the vital Gu to be put into it and reach the final step, accumulating its foundation till the immortal aperture is born.


 If the immortal aperture was not created, Fang Yuan would perish from the backlash of heaven and earth qi.


 If the immortal aperture was created, no matter which grade it was, Fang Yuan would have to concentrate on it fully at that moment, causing him to enter a period of weakness where he would be defenseless.


 This time could be long or short, depending on the person.


 If the enemies took advantage of this time, Fang Yuan’s situation would be bleak and was very likely to die in a tragic end!


 At present, Hei Lou Lan’s group was firmly blocking Fang Yuan at this step.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to place in his Gu and could only look on as the extremely compressed three colored lump of qi started to vibrate.


 “I can’t continue like this! If it is put off any longer, the three colored lump of qi will disperse and all my accumulations used in advancing to Gu Immortal will vanish into thin air.” Fang Yuan kept on thinking of one solution after another to get out of this predicament.


 Rumble...


 Right at this time, true inheritance secluded domain started shaking.


 Rumble...


 Another tremor soon spread, causing everyone to panic.


 “What is going on?”


 “What happened, is true inheritance secluded domain collapsing?”


 Hei Lou Lan, Ye Lui Sang and others had a worried expression, realizing fully well in their mind: this was the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities outside starting to affect Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng were instead overjoyed, this signified Giant Sun’s will had already staked all its strength but the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities was so terrifying that even it had reached its limit.


 “Damn it, damn it... I barely endured it!” Giant Sun’s will gasped for breath with fear and joy, it did not even have the energy to curse Fang Yuan.


 The ten meter thick golden armor created by Giant Sun’s will that had covered Eighty-Eight True Yang Building tightly was now left with nothing but a thin layer with its luster dimmed.


 Thirty-six chaotic branching teeth attacking together was not a simple matter of addition, their overall might was amplified by close to ten times!


 During this whole process snow war tribulation lightning attacked crazily like the attacks were free. The lightning which flashed in intervals before had almost become unending like sunlight; one could see the terrifying frequency of snow war tribulation lightning.


 Giant Sun’s will avoided death narrowly, but there was not even one percent of the original will remaining.


 He used all his strength and put in all of his effort to destroy eleven spirals in advance. The remaining chaotic branching teeth erupted together, Giant Sun’s will used all his ability and blocked most of them, but he could not block seven of them.


 Seven scars appeared on Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. Four scars even directly penetrated through True Yang Building, opening up four passages.


 The tremor Fang Yuan and the rest felt in true inheritance secluded domain originated from this.


 “My Eighty-Eight True Yang Building...” Giant Sun’s will’s heart bled at the sight and almost howled out in grief.


 The losses were too severe, not only were the numbers of Gu worms destroyed extremely huge, two immortal Gu were also destroyed.


 Who knew how long it would take to replenish these Gu worms and restore Eighty-Eight True Yang Building to its complete form.


 “Fang Yuan, you insufferable bastard. You are undergoing the tribulation, yet I was the one who bore the consequences! I will make sure you regret being born into this world!”


 Giant Sun’s will cursed fiercely in his heart.


 The giant cocoon formed from the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities had already thinned.


 Several rays of light pierced through the layers of dark clouds and shone down on the damaged Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities were slowly dissipating.


 Giant Sun’s will felt a huge stone lifting off his heart and was joyous to the point of crying: “The heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities have finally ended!”


 “I managed to endure it! Although Eighty-Eight True Yang Building suffered heavy damage, the fundamental Gu worms haven’t been lost, and the mortal Gu might have been destroyed in large numbers, but they can be replenished. The destroyed immortal Gu are rather troublesome to obtain, but they also can be refined again. Even if others refine them first, I can use other Gu worms to replace them. The situation is set, now I shall get rid of the otherworldly demon then teach that scum Fang Yuan his place!”


 The heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities were dissipating in front of his eyes, Giant Sun’s will saw the time to take revenge was here and his mood took a turn for the better.


 However, right at this time, a light blue giant hand gradually appeared in front of Giant Sun’s will.


 “Thi...This is...?!”


 The remaining Giant Sun’s will trembled intensely, even more frightened than seeing seventy or even eighty chaotic branching teeth at once.


 “This is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s killer move — Formless Hand. This accursed Fang Yuan, how is his luck so bad that he attracted this disaster!”


 Rank nine Gu Immortals were invincible under the heavens and could leave behind unique traces in the whole world.


 Even after death, some of their killer moves could emerge again during heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities.


 “I got it! This Fang Yuan is too audacious, he was set on killing the child of luck Ma Hong Yun and suffered the backlash from fortune rivalling heaven Gu, causing his luck to be completely messed up, thus attracting such terrifying a heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity!”


 Giant Sun’s will felt extremely agonized when he realized the cause.


 Going to the bottom of this, it was Giant Sun Immortal Venerable who left behind fortune rivaling heaven Gu. Under an absurd combination of different factors, Giant Sun’s will was actually suffering a loss from his own arrangement!


 “Back then, the whole world was helpless when Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable used formless hand to rob countless Gu worms. Fortunately, this formless hand only has five fingers, thus at most, it can only seize rank five Gu, Gu, Gu... oh heavens!”


 Giant Sun’s will’s pitch suddenly rose an octave higher, crying out in shock.


 The heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity slowly dissipated, large numbers of formless hands appeared one after another.


 Two, three... twenty, thirty... two hundred, three hundred...


 Innumerable formless hands appeared, covering the whole sky!


 Among them, one finger to five fingered formless hands occupied the majority.


 There were sixteen six fingered formless hands and nine seven fingered formless hands.


 There were even three eight fingered formless hands!


 “Impossible! Even if Fang Yuan was targeted by fortune rivaling heaven Gu and his luck became terrible, it could not have gotten to this extent!” Giant Sun’s will shouted in an incredulous tone.


 “It’s over, everything is finished!” Giant Sun’s will howled, if he could cry, his face would be filled with tears right now.


 Instantly, the large number of Giant Sun’s will dispersed and fell down from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building like sand.


 This was the self-collapse of a will!


 There was not even a trace of fighting spirit left, it could not endure such an impact.


 The heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities had not ended, but were transforming into this final tribulation.


 Formless hands!


 The remaining Giant Sun’s will curled up into a lump, exposing Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 Inside true inheritance secluded domain, Fang Yuan and the others were still in the dark, not knowing anything that occurred outside.


 The chase was still continuing.


 Due to the backlash of heaven and earth qi, the loss of Gu worms on both sides had reached the hundreds. But they were still persisting firmly.


 Fang Yuan had almost no movement Gu left, but he had already found a way to resolve this predicament!


 He led the pursuers to make a large detour before suddenly changing direction and flying towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Senior brother, quickly open your immortal aperture and let me in. I can evade these pursuers and smoothly advance to a Gu Immortal there!” Fang Yuan secretly transmitted his voice.


 “This...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not help but hesitate.


 The immortal aperture was the foundation of a Gu Immortal. If Fang Yuan was let in and he failed, the resulting destruction would have to be endured by Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Senior brother, what are you hesitating for at such a crucial moment? Once I advance to a Gu Immortal, we will have the strength to survive this danger. Don’t worry, I have complete assurance in advancing successfully!” Fang Yuan shouted.



***
Chapter 630 - Chaotic and Dangerous Situation


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was already bound firmly on Fang Yuan’s chariot, and thinking of the Fixed Immortal Travel that was with Fang Yuan, he had no choice but to accept Fang Yuan’s request.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed and charged into Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture.


 “Damn it!” The pursuers paled at this sight.


 “This scum is too crafty, actually hiding in Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture. We can’t hunt him now!” Ye Lui Sang helplessly shouted.


 “Then, we shall slaughter an immortal! Kill Tai Bai Yun Sheng!!” Hei Lou Lan’s eyes glinted ominously, killing intent pervading from his body.


 The strength path giant phantom he had turned into, charged towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng with overwhelming momentum, like a bear pouncing at its prey!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was scared witless, quickly fleeing with the supreme true inheritance light lump.


 “Don’t forget that I am also a flying master!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng had learned from Fang Yuan and shouted loudly while flying away.


 The pursuers’ momentum was involuntarily destroyed.


 Someone powerlessly cursed: “F*ck, two flying masters appeared in this Imperial Court contest and both of them had to be these two!”


 Only Hei Lou Lan was provoked by the remark, his battle intent soared to an unprecedented level.


 ‘Looks like I have to use my full strength as well!’ His expression was solemn as he made a resolution and punched fiercely.


 The fist qi surged majestically like a mountain peak!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nimbly dodged it without receiving any injury.


 But the barrage of grand fist qi suddenly transformed into strength path giant phantoms.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was caught unprepared and in a short moment was completely surrounded by these strength path giant phantoms.


 “What bad luck.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s face turned pale white.


 “Who could have thought Hei Lou Lan’s strength had actually reached such a powerful level! Sixteen strength path giant phantoms, this strength can truly slaughter an immortal!” Ye Lui Sang and the others were greatly shocked at this scene.


 “Huff huff huff...” Hei Lou Lan gasped for breath, the strength path giant phantom on him had already dissipated. This move clearly used a lot of his energy and strength.


 Even Great Strength True Martial Physique of ten extreme physiques could not endure its usage.


 His fat body flickered with a layer of faint black light; that was the power of Immortal Gu Dark Limit, helping him to suppress and conceal Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 “What a close call, I almost broke the seal of dark limit Gu!” Hei Lou Lan rejoiced inwardly, a vicious gaze flashing on his eyes as he looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, “Your death is assured now! My grand plan of revenge will start from you, Tai Bai Yun Sheng!”


 However, a change occurred right at this moment!


 Giant light blue hands suddenly appeared in true inheritance secluded domain.


 The dense giant light blue hands soon attracted everyone’s gazes.


 “What is that!”


 “What kind of thing?”


 Whoosh.


 An ordinary true inheritance that was flying like a meteor collided into a giant light blue hand.


 The giant light blue hand opened its palm and grabbed this true inheritance, holding it so tightly the true inheritance could not even budge.


 The giant light blue hand paused for a breath of time before flying away swiftly.


 Under everyone’s gazes, it left behind a trail of gorgeous blue light while its speed kept on increasing.


 After it moved thousands of steps away, it suddenly disappeared without a trace, even the true inheritance it was holding was gone.


 Everyone’s pupils involuntarily shrunk at this sight.


 “These giant hands are so terrifying, they easily subdue the true inheritance!”


 “I know, this is definitely Ancestor Giant Sun’s ability. Haven’t you noticed these giant light blue hands are similar to the flying snow hands?”


 “Haha, Ancestor Giant Sun has made his move. It seems the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity has already passed, these two scoundrels are finished now!!”


 Some people made guesses which were quickly approved by everyone. However, right when they were cheering, a miserable shriek spread to their ears.


 Everyone looked at the source of the voice and saw that a Gu Master in the outer periphery was grabbed by the giant light blue hand.


 Shortly after, the giant hand seemed to have grabbed something, flying far away with a clenched fist.


 That Gu Master let out a miserable howl: “My... that hand seized all my Gu worms!!”


 “What!?”


 There was a commotion.


 Soon, the second victim appeared.


 “My vital Gu was actually seized... puff!” He spurted a mouthful of blood. Vital Gu was closely related to the Gu Master’s life and when it was forcibly seized by the giant hand, the Gu Master immediately suffered backlash.


 The hands fell down like rain, beginning to wantonly seize Gu worms.


 “Run away...” Everyone dispersed in confusion.


 “Isn’t this Ancestor Giant Sun’s ability!? Could it be that this is a heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity?” Many cried out in shock.


 “What kind of heavenly tribulation is this, it can actually seize Gu worms!!” Someone shouted in bewilderment. The importance of Gu worms to Gu Masters was self-evident.


 “Quick, store your Gu worms into your apertures!” Someone reminded in panic.


 However, everyone soon discovered even after storing in the aperture, the Gu worms were still being seized.


 The giant light blue hands were formless. They did not inflict the slightest injuries and only captured Gu worms. Once the Gu worm was captured by them, the Gu worm would immediately lose connection with the Gu Master.


 “What kind of tribulation are these giant light blue hands? Can it seize even Immortal Gu?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not make out any details on these giant light blue hands and was very nervous from the scene unfolding in front of him.


 At this time, three giant hands moved towards him. He evaded in panic.


 Even as a flying Gu Master, he was soon in danger, his face perspiring heavily.


 The giant hands were very fast and extremely nimble; the crucial point was they could sneak attack like flash bug Gu, making it very hard to defend against them.


 Even Tai Bai Yun Sheng was cutting out a sorry figure, there was no need to mention other Gu Masters.


 “There seems to be information of this in the tribe records...” Hei Lou Lan frowned. He could not dodge in time and was grabbed by a four fingered giant hand.


 For a moment, he could not budge.


 The giant light blue hand seemingly had no substance and like wind brushing past one’s face, it caused no harm to Hei Lou Lan’s body.


 However, Hei Lou Lan felt his head go dizzy, instantly losing connection with a rank four Gu.


 “Oh no.” Hei Lou Lan inwardly exclaimed, the Gu that was seized might only be rank four but it was very important. It was one of the necessary Gu worms to use his strength path killer move.


 Roar!


 Hei Lou Lan suddenly let out a beastly roar.


 Rank five — fixed sound Gu!


 A formless soundwave rapidly chased after the four fingered giant hand and locked it in place like a formless iron chain.


 “I don’t care what all these hands are, I’ll destroy them!” Hei Lou Lan gave a loud shout to raise his spirits, and turned into strength path giant phantom once more.


 The giant grabbed the giant light blue hand with its house sized fist, and clenched!


 The giant light blue hand flickered twice before shattering apart like glass. Hei Lou Lan immediately sensed that crucial Gu worm.


 The shattered giant light blue hand fell apart like ice melting into water.


 Hei Lou Lan smoothly grabbed the Gu worm and was just feeling joyous when five formless hands suddenly appeared behind him.


 His face turned pale instantly. He fiercely turned his body and delivered a horizontal strike with his arm!


 He used all his strength in this strike!


 Wind erupted, and soundwaves burst out like thunder.


 But when the strike touched the formless hands, the giant arm directly passed through like they were image of the moon in the water.


 Hei Lou Lan was stupefied, the formless hands quickly moved and grabbed specific parts of the strength path giant phantom.


 Hei Lou Lan was paralyzed once more.


 Next moment, the strength path giant phantom collapsed with a loud sound.


 His killer move was broken!


 “My Gu worms... puff!” Hei Lou Lan spurted out large amounts of blood.


 His vital Gu was seized which was the core Gu of his strength path killer move! Besides it, four other crucial Gu worms were also seized.


 What gave Hei Lou Lan the most heartache was false emotion fake will Gu and wooden chicken Gu, two Immortal Gu, were also seized!


 “Stop right now!” Hei Lou Lan exerted all his strength to chase the hands, the matter of Fang Yuan thrown out of his mind.


 The giant light blue hands moved everywhere, seizing Gu worms.


 The Gu Masters fled and evaded in disorder.


 A rumble erupted in true inheritance secluded domain, threads of light shone down as the True Yang Building began to crumble.


 “No, I absolutely can’t let Eighty Eight True Yang Building perish! Formless hands cannot be attacked, but when they grab a Gu worm and clench their fist, they can be destroyed. As long as I can protect the several rank eight core Gu worms, with enough time, I will be able to rebuild True Yang Building!”


 Outside the tower, the remnant Giant Sun’s will curled up in a ball and was accumulating its energy.


 The enormous True Yang Building was like an old man with a foot in the grave, letting the formless hands fly in, grab the Gu worms and fly away.


 The beautiful and grand True Yang Building soon turned into a nibbled giant corn; its surface was a mess, filled with holes.


 The formless hands continued to rain down endlessly.


 True Yang Building’s complete destruction was not far away.


 Inside Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture blessed land, however, was a scene of tranquility.


 Fang Yuan waited for a while before carefully transferring his second vital Gu.


 All-out effort Gu had a beetle-like shape with an oval body and an arching carapace. The majestic horn on its head appeared dignified and powerful. It had three pairs of strong legs, and its entire body was brown which shone with a metallic luster.


 Fang Yuan obtained this Gu back in southern border, later he refined it rank four which allowed him to casually strike out with beast strength phantoms.


 “Go.” Fang Yuan softly spoke.


 All-out effort Gu obeyed Fang Yuan’s intent, charging towards the extremely compressed three colored qi lump.


 BOOM!!!


 Fang Yuan’s body shook intensely as lightning seemed to have burst in his mind.


 The qi lump exploded loudly and like the process of creation after destruction, it gave birth to an immortal aperture!


 The sky in the immortal aperture was orange yellow and a white mountain stood tall on the earth.


 Since the immortal aperture was newly born, the space inside was limited, but it soon rapidly expanded all around.


 Like a newborn baby, it demanded nutrition intensely.


 The immortal aperture’s nourishment was the heaven and earth Qi.


 “Senior brother, let me out quick.” Fang Yuan immediately sent his voice.


 “You succeeded!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was overjoyed before warning, “You need to be careful when you come out, the situation now is quite dangerous!”


 Fang Yuan’s vision changed as he was let out of the immortal aperture by Tai Bai Yun Sheng; the next moment, he appeared beside Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “This, this is formless hand?!” Five hundred years of experience was not for show, Fang Yuan immediately recognized the origin of the giant light blue hands and turned pale with fright.


 Feeling his aura, a six fingered formless hand suddenly appeared above Fang Yuan and grabbed!



***
Chapter 631 - Striking a fortune


***





 Chapter 631: Striking a fortune


 The six fingered formless hand’s appearance was so sudden that Fang Yuan only had the time to raise his head.


 The light blue radiance shone down on his face as his sight was filled with the giant light blue hand.


 The formless hand did not show any notions of stopping, grabbing towards Fang Yuan, completely shrouding over his body.


 “Junior brother!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted in fright.


 The next moment, however, this six fingered formless fist loosened up and spread open.


 Fang Yuan’s figure showed up five hundred steps away. The six fingered formless hand had grabbed at nothing.


 Flash bug Gu!


 This Gu was a rare rank five space path movement Gu. Fang Yuan had to spend a lot of efforts to purchase it in treasure yellow heaven.


 “Hufff...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng let out a breath of turbid air, a giant stone lifted off his heart.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng knew Fang Yuan was unable to react properly because he had just came out. In truth, it was nothing difficult for flying masters to evade these formless hands.


 “Close call!” Fang Yuan’s body let out cold sweat from the fright.


 He had much more understanding of formless hands than others; as such, he knew their threat level clearly!


 “Formless hand is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s killer move; it can range from one finger to nine fingers, respectively able to seize rank one to rank nine Gu worms! They can even seize the vital Gu without any problems. If that six fingered formless hand succeeded in grabbing me, I would have definitely lost either Spring Autumn Cicada or Fixed Immortal Travel... my luck is too bad, it actually provoked such a catastrophe!”


 Fang Yuan rapidly flew, dodging the pursuit of the formless hand while observing his surroundings.


 True inheritance secluded domain had already fallen into complete chaos.


 True inheritance meteors and formless hands filled one’s sight; Gu Masters flew around in disorder – some were evading the formless hands, some cried out in grief after their Gu worms were seized, while some used all their strength to attack the formless hands.


 “It seems that they have found out already! Once a formless hand captures a Gu worm, it will clench its fist; this is the moment it can be attacked! When it is in its spread out palm form, it is almost completely immune to all attacks and can only be dodged.”


 Fang Yuan recalled the relevant information on formless hands.


 He was very familiar with the formless hands. In his previous life, Ma Hong Yun had successively obtained a portion of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable and Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritance, also obtaining a similar method of capturing Gu worms. He had used this method many times in the great battle of the five regions, resulting in the disastrous loss of many strong enemies and making them flee.


 Fang Yuan had thus researched a lot on this.


 Fang Yuan continued to dodge, use flash bug Gu, wind flower Gu, eagle rise Gu and so on before he was able to pull apart a huge distance, making the six fingered formless hand chasing him to change its target.


 He immediately sent a portion of his consciousness to inspect his immortal aperture.


 There were remnants of heaven and earth qi in true inheritance secluded domain.


 Ever since Fang Yuan came out, his immortal aperture had been crazily absorbing these heaven and earth qi, growing rapidly.


 In just a short while, his immortal aperture had expanded to over 2000km2 and was still growing.


 At the same time, the time flow inside the immortal aperture was starting to become faster than the outside world. From a one to one ratio, it increased to six times as fast.


 “Damn it.” Fang Yuan suddenly frowned and his face paled.


 The change in the immortal aperture was going smoothly, but the problem appeared in the first aperture; more accurately, the problem was the Spring Autumn Cicada.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was recovering rapidly and the first aperture was already showing signs of being unable to bear the huge pressure from it!


 “Oh no! When an immortal aperture is born, not only does the space enlarge, the time flow also changes. The change in the time flow is the main reason an immortal aperture can turn into a small world and attract a tributary of the river of time! Spring Autumn Cicada feeds on the water of the river of time, and now being so close to the source, it is able to drink a lot and accelerate its recovery speed!”


 Fang Yuan was able to instantly understand what was going on.


 Since the last activation of Spring Autumn Cicada which had fortunately succeeded, it had been slowly recovering.


 It has been a long time since Fang Yuan arrived in northern plains; Spring Autumn Cicada was gradually recovering causing the pressure on the first aperture to increase day by day.


 The first aperture was already at rank five peak stage and should have been able to endure for some time according to Fang Yuan’s estimation. But this unforeseen event had greatly shifted the time limit to an earlier date!


 Since rebirth, Spring Autumn Cicada had been a hidden danger to Fang Yuan. Now that Fang Yuan was advancing to a Gu Immortal, this hidden danger had expanded to a serious danger that directly pushed itself to Fang Yuan’s sight.


 “Damn it.” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth. He suddenly descended; a formless hand passed by his hair, grabbing at the air.


 For now, Fang Yuan had no way to deal with this situation.


 The immortal aperture must be successfully created, otherwise all his efforts would go to waste. Without a Gu Immortal’s strength, it would be impossible for him to continue contending.


 However, Spring Autumn Cicada also could not be ignored.


 Crack...


 A huge sound echoed in true inheritance secluded domain like some important thing had shattered, causing palpitation in everyone’s heart.


 Everyone paused and hurriedly looked up.


 Like an egg shell that was smashed, countless cracks appeared on true inheritance secluded domain. The cracks rapidly enlarged and let the outside world’s light flow in.


 At the same time, many formless hands also squeezed in through the cracks, a seven fingered formless hand among them!


 The Gu Masters let out shocked cries at the sight of so many giant light blue hands.


 “Why are there so many giant hands?”


 “This is bad, look, a seven fingered giant hand has actually squeezed in!”


 With the endless giant light blue hands flying in true inheritance secluded domain, everyone’s situation had become even more perilous.


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression was grave and even Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt an intense suffocation.


 Flying masters were not omnipotent.


 With so many formless hands, the difficult in evading them increased greatly.


 Moreover, the longer they spent, the more likely it was for them to make an error under such a strained state.


 “This is turning worse!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was gloomy, what he was afraid of came, he made a mistake in the crucial time.


 His sole remaining escape path was blocked by six formless hands.


 At this moment of crisis, Tai Bai Yun Sheng gritted his teeth and directly crashed towards a three fingered formless hand.


 The formless hand grabbed him; Tai Bai Yun Sheng was immediately paralyzed.


 But this time period was extremely short and soon, the three fingered formless hand flew away with a clenched fist. Out of danger, Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately burst out with his greatest speed and escaped through this gap.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s back was soaked with cold sweat from this thrilling situation.


 Even Tai Bai Yun Sheng was in such a predicament, let alone others.


 All the Gu Masters met with calamity, at worst, not even one of their Gu worms remained.


 Without Gu worms, Gu Master’s battle strength plunged down to the very bottom. And even if they had a lot of primeval essence, it would be of no use.


 “Save me!” A Gu Master looked on with fright a true inheritance that was flying right towards him.


 All his Gu worms were already seized by the formless hands. At this moment of life and death, he cried out for help while swinging his arms crazily to speed up his flight, but his movement speed was no faster than a snail in comparison to the true inheritance.


 The surrounding Gu Masters heard his plea for help, but right now they had no way to help however much they wanted to.


 Thud!


 There was no unexpected event; the unlucky Gu Master was directly crushed into meat paste by the true inheritance.


 This blue colored true inheritance did not stop after crushing the Gu Master and kept on flying away.


 On its way, formless hands kept on obstructing its path while it kept on evading.


 The wild newborn Gu will in the true inheritance also sensed the deadly threat of the heavenly tribulation formless hands, and did its best to escape.


 However, the will of Gu worms was not as intelligent as humans.


 The blue colored true inheritance evaded several formless hands before it was finally grabbed by a five fingered formless hand.


 The formless hand clenched its fist tightly but did not stop at the place.


 The true inheritance light lump’s speed was too fast; the formless hand was pulled in its inertia, except that the speed was greatly reduced.


 The five fingered formless hand flew away with a Gu worm. But even more formless hands pounced down and covered the true inheritance light lump.


 One hand was not enough, another came followed by the next. Soon, ten formless hands were tightly grabbing the true inheritance light lump.


 The true inheritance light lump continued to slow until it came to a stop.


 The formless hands suddenly separated and flew in all directions with clenched fists.


 There was nothing left at the spot, the blue colored true inheritance was already robbed clean.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan snickered and flew towards the target he had his eyes on, and started attacking fiercely.


 A formless fist was broken by his attacks and revealed the Gu it was holding.


 Fang Yuan immediately reacted and grabbed it.


 This was a rank five mortal Gu and after he refined it, he stored it in his pocket.


 Flash bug Gu!


 He disappeared from the spot and suddenly appeared three hundred steps away, right beside another formless fist.


 Bam bam bam.


 He punched heavily and broke the formless fist in three punches, leaving after grabbing the Gu.


 It was an Immortal Gu!


 Almost at the very next moment, a formless hand pounced at him, and naturally it was in vain.


 Fang Yuan moved like lightning, occasionally soaring like a sparrow and occasionally piercing forward like an eagle.


 He was dodging the formless hands while also taking any chance to strike a fortune, grabbing many Gu worms of the true inheritance.


 However, the formless fists were very fast and the opportunity to destroy them was fleeting.


 The blue colored true inheritance was a good opportunity Fang Yuan ran into, but he only had enough time to break three formless fists, obtaining two mortal Gu and an Immortal Gu.


 While Fang Yuan was occupied with breaking the formless fist, the other formless fists had already flown far away and Fang Yuan was not able to chase after them.


 “Suppress!”


 Fang Yuan transferred his will into the Gu worms to temporarily suppress them.


 He did not have the time to refine these Gu worms, let alone study their uses.


 Suddenly, Fang Yuan’s sight was covered with blue light.


 Maybe it was because Fang Yuan was too active and attention drawing, eight formless hands attacked him together!


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped and he quickly evaded.


 He moved and stopped at times, changing his directions madly; his vision kept on changing intensely, one moment he was above while the next he was below. He almost made himself go dizzy.


 He spent tremendous effort before he was able to get rid of the formless hands.


 He had just stabilized his breathing when suddenly, there was the sound of wind!


 A formless hand was flying right towards him.


 Fang Yuan was just about to dodge, but his pupils enlarged rapidly the next moment. This was a formless fist!


 He laughed heartily and flapped his six wings, directly punching towards the formless fist. He obtained a rank five Gu after breaking the formless fist.


 The Gu worm was vibrating in his hand and struggled intensely, attempting to escape.


 Fang Yuan sent a portion of his will inside, but was not able to suppress it.


 He immediately frowned as he realized this Gu was not a wild Gu, but a Gu Master’s Gu worm. Because the Gu worm had someone else’s will, the difficulty in refining it was several times greater than refining wild Gu, and even temporarily suppressing it was difficult!


 “Let go of my Gu!” A familiar voice sounded by Fang Yuan’s ears at this moment.


 Fang Yuan looked at the source of the voice, and immediately smiled.


 He saw Hei Lou Lan flying towards him hurriedly and furiously, his gaze fixed on the Gu in Fang Yuan’s hand.


 ChibiGeneral Yoink, this is mine now.



***
Chapter 632 - Coexistence of Pain and Joy


***





 Chapter 632: Coexistence of Pain and Joy


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hei Lou Lan poured incessant grievances in his heart.


 He had outstanding battle strength along with an extremely powerful strength path long range killer move, it was just that they were not enough to cover his weakness in the movement aspect.


 More accurately speaking, Hei Lou Lan cultivated strength and dark path which were not impressive in movement ability.


 But in the present situation, only flying masters could barely survive. Hei Lou Lan’s weakness was thus completely revealed under the pursuit of the formless hands.


 The formless hands wantonly seized the Gu worms in Hei Lou Lan’s body.


 He had destroyed many formless hands and chased after many, but at the same time, new formless hands would appear to grab even more of his Gu worms.


 Right now, Hei Lou Lan was flying fiercely like a berserk bear, his expression was one of malevolence and anger.


 He knew Fang Yuan had big advantage in this situation, but he could not give up. The reason was that the Gu worm Fang Yuan had captured was, very unfortunately, Hei Lou Lan’s vital Gu!


 The vital Gu was closely interlinked to the Gu Master’s life. Once it was destroyed, the Gu Master would immediately suffer heavy injuries. By grabbing this Gu, it was akin to Fang Yuan controlling a huge weakness of Hei Lou Lan.


 Mentioning this vital Gu, it had gone through many difficulties as well; being seized by the formless hands many times while Hei Lou Lan seized it back again.


 Counting the number of times, this was already the sixth time this vital Gu had been seized. Only this time, an accident happened, it landed in Fang Yuan’s hand.


 His vital Gu was with the enemy, this was a very serious situation and it needed to be retrieved!


 Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with a cold light.


 He did not know the rank five Gu in his hand was Hei Lou Lan’s vital Gu, but he could tell the huge importance of this Gu from Hei Lou Lan’s behavior.


 “Hmph! You want to take back this Gu? Keep on dreaming.” Fang Yuan moved the six wings on his back and rose up, flying far away.


 Hei Lou Lan had hunted down Fang Yuan again and again before; the hatred between them was already very deep.


 But this moment was not a good time to kill Hei Lou Lan.


 There were more and more formless hands, Fang Yuan was already feeling difficulty in dodging them. If he fought under this situation, he would surely have to pay an extremely disastrous price even if he succeeded.


 It was more so when Hei Lou Lan had Great Strength True Martial Physique, if he was forced into a corner and self-detonated, Fang Yuan would have to suffer the terrible consequences.


 “Let’s see how long he can continue chasing me!” Fang Yuan snorted, and forcibly suppressed the restless Gu worm in his hand.


 Soon, he shook off Hei Lou Lan. While dodging the formless hands on the way, he sent a portion of his consciousness into his immortal aperture.


 The immortal aperture was growing without stop.


 Ever since Fang Yuan exited Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture, his immortal aperture had been continuously absorbing heaven and earth qi. Now, it was already over 2600km²; the sky was orange and yellow while the earth was rugged with steep white stone mountain ranges that stood tall and lofty.


 The terrain of the immortal aperture was related to the Gu Master’s paths, accumulation, temperament and comprehension.


 This was the first time Fang Yuan became a strength path Gu Immortal and he only roughly understood it now, only knowing the general situation. If he wanted to have a deeper understanding, he needed to research in the future


 “The time flow has reached one to twelve ratio. One day in the outside world is twelve days inside the immortal aperture. The growth rate is gradually slowing down...” Fang Yuan assessed.


 By now, he had almost absorbed all the heaven and earth qi in true inheritance secluded domain.


 He was now waiting for the immortal aperture to stabilize completely which was the most important. Once he possessed a Gu Immortal’s battle strength, everything would change.


 “I will let you hold onto my Gu for the moment, I will get it back no matter what!” Hei Lou Lan could only roar helplessly as he looked at Fang Yuan fly further and further away.


 He was obstructed by the formless hands when he chased and had lost many Gu worms. It was already very difficult for him to evade the formless hands, it was no wonder he would suffer the consequences when he chased after Fang Yuan under such conditions.


 Hei Lou Lan helplessly gave up. If he still persisted in chasing, it would definitely make Fang Yuan suspicious. And if Fang Yuan guessed the Gu was Hei Lou Lan’s vital Gu, the situation would turn even worse.


 “I can only rely on my connection to my vital Gu and slowly get near him while dodging the formless hands, then I will ambush this damned thief!”


 Hei Lou Lan gritted his teeth till they made cracking noises, while thinking of all kinds of schemes.


 Formless hands could seize Gu worms but could not refine them. Once the formless hand was broken apart, the Gu worm would be released upon which the Gu Master would be able to immediately sense the Gu and use his will to recall them.


 Fang Yuan forcibly suppressed Hei Lou Lan’s vital Gu, but had no time or energy to spare to refine it. Thus, Hei Lou Lan still had connection with the Gu worm, and had hope of turning the situation around.


 Time passed, the formless hands had completely gained control of the situation in true inheritance secluded domain. Giant light blue hands could be seen everywhere like swarms of bees hovering around.


 Be it Gu Masters or true inheritance light lumps, they only had the choice of escaping.


 “Spring Autumn Cicada...” Fang Yuan’s mouth was dry as the pressure in him continued to increase.


 Following the growth of the immortal aperture, Spring Autumn Cicada continued to absorb the water of the river of time, causing the pressure in the first aperture to continue to increase. There were already many cracks on the first aperture’s walls.


 To decrease the pressure on the first aperture as much as possible, Fang Yuan had already emptied out all the primeval essence in the aperture.


 He flew rapidly, using tens of movement Gu which had huge demand towards primeval essence.


 “Fortunately I had already planned and prepared long before this, and bought large numbers of beggar moths. But even so, I need to pay attention to my primeval essence. The consequences will be unimaginable if my primeval essence is completely exhausted!”


 These beggar moths were Gu worms used to store primeval essence.


 They looked like moths, but their wings had round holes. These holes made the beggar moth look tattered, resembling a beggar’s clothings.


 In truth, however, the more holes there were on the beggar moth’s wings, the better. More holes meant the beggar moths could store higher rank primeval essence.


 In the mortal world, these beggar moths were limited in supply. But Fang Yuan possessed Hu Immortal blessed land and was able to buy groups of beggar moths in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan directly purchased a group; although there were not many rank five and rank four beggar moths, rank three and rank two were huge in numbers.


 Fang Yuan had close to a thousand beggar moths and had brought almost all of them with him.


 Mortals could not buy them and would also find it hard to bear the expenses of raising Gu. But Fang Yuan had a Gu Immortal’s assets in Hu Immortal blessed land, and it was easy for him to raise them.


 Not only beggar moths, he also had a lot of spare eagle rise Gu and other Gu.


 Fang Yuan would keep his eagle rise Gu after using them for certain time and activate another eagle rise Gu.


 There were six wings on his back and it looked like he was using three eagle rise Gu, but in truth, he was using more than a dozen eagle rise Gu in turns.


 This was because of the heaven and earth qi.


 Using Gu worms under this situation would be met with the backlash from heaven and earth qi, the Gu might even perish if they were used for too long.


 Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture was growing, as such he was the center of the gathering heaven and earth qi; causing the backlash force on him to be very high.


 Thus, by alternating the use of Gu like eagle rise Gu, he could prolong their duration to the greatest limit.


 It was again thanks to having Hu Immortal blessed land, having the help of a Gu Immortal resources, that he could be such extravagant.


 The backlash of heaven and earth qi was also one of the barriers for a Gu Master to advance to Gu Immortal.


 When Tai Bai Yun Sheng faced the tribulations in his ascension, his Gu worms perished in large numbers. If not for Fang Yuan’s support, he would already have no more Gu worms to use after using them all up in facing chaotic lightning balls outside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 If a Gu Master was lucky enough to advance to a Gu Immortal, all their mortal Gu would normally be destroyed.


 Advancing to a Gu Immortal was extremely risky and there was a high price to be paid.


 In lots of cases, a newly advanced Gu Immortal would have nothing on him. Almost all the Gu worms they accumulated before would be completely used up.


 Six Arm Heavenly Zombie King!


 Fang Yuan suddenly turned into heavenly zombie form while flying and evading; his six wings soared and he raised his eight arms.


 Bam.


 The next moment, he directly clashed against a formless fist!


 Fang Yuan did not feel any pain and directly shattered the formless fist, obtaining a Gu.


 Fang Yuan was overjoyed when he saw the Gu.


 This was the third wild Immortal Gu he had obtained after exiting Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s immortal aperture. He was unable to examine it closely, but he stored it in his pocket after suppressing it.


 Right now, he had the internal danger of Spring Autumn Cicada while on the outside, there was the formless hand disaster. He had to concentrate completely on flying, as well as pay attention to his primeval essence and the condition of his Gu worms.


 But he could not deny his plentiful harvests.


 Fang Yuan was deeply realizing what was called the coexistence of pain and joy.


 His flying master attainment was a great help to him in this situation.


 “Where is Ma Hong Yun?” Fang Yuan stored the third Immortal Gu and looked around him with insatiable greed.


 Luck path supreme true inheritance had all along been of extreme interest to him.


 Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had, to a large extent, relied on this to dominate the lands and become invincible in the world.


 Previously, Fang Yuan had no way to do anything about this luck path true inheritance but now borrowing the strength of formless hands, he could seize the luck path Gu worms. This was an extremely rare opportunity!


 However, even after searching all over whenever he had the chance, he did not see even the shadow of the luck path true inheritance.


 Clearly, luck path true inheritance was also moving around.


 The supreme true inheritance might be protecting Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, but it was only an acknowledgement of Fortune Rivaling Heaven; and it was still being controlled by a wild will. It was an instinct for wild Gu worms to dodge heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity.


 It was a scene of chaos in the large true inheritance secluded domain; there were formless hands everywhere, true inheritance meteors, fleeing Gu Masters or dazzling attacks towards the clenched formless fists, all these were obstructing Fang Yuan’s vision.


 Fang Yuan also had to evade the formless hands and could not casually search. Both sides were on the move, thus it was actually normal for them to not bump into each other.


 Crack, crack...


 The sound of something cracking, like the cracking of egg shell, started to spread.


 The cracks in true inheritance secluded domain were enlarging; it was only at one side first, but now the cracks had gradually spread to cover all sides.


 More and more giant light blue hands squeezed in through the cracks.


 Time passed, the losses to Fang Yuan’s Gu worms were also becoming more severe.


 On one hand, because of the backlash from heaven and earth qi, especially the movement Gu worms, even after being used in turn, they had reached the limit and many perished.


 On the other hand, the quantity of formless hands had surpassed the point of qualitative change; sometimes, many formless hands would appear together and block all escape paths. Fang Yuan was thus grabbed two-three times.


 But every time he was grabbed, he would intentionally choose the formless hand with less fingers, prioritizing his safety and letting his Gu worm be taken of his own accord.



***
Chapter 633 - Finally becoming a Gu Immortal


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 As time continued to pass, Fang Yuan had no more opportunity to go shatter formless fists. He was busy running from the pursuit of the formless hands.


 “Return my Gu!” By some coincidence, Hei Lou Lan appeared in front of Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan sneered and activated wind flower Gu.


 A translucent wind flower appeared beside him and quickly changed direction, taking him with it.


 Whoosh!


 With the wind flower Gu’s help, Fang Yuan’s speed remained the same when he changed his direction, and was able to avoid Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan, however, was very happy: “I am finally lucky for once! He actually ran that direction!”


 Fang Yuan had not flown far away before his speed rapidly declined.


 “This is...”


 His expression changed as he sensed that he had fallen into a dark vortex.


 This was the trap Hei Lou Lan had set using one time expenditure Gu, specially used to trap enemies.


 The formless hands were less than a hundred steps away.


 Fang Yuan snorted and without losing his composure, used flash bug Gu; he disappeared from the spot and appeared five hundred steps away the next moment.


 After getting out of his predicament, Fang Yuan immediately increased his speed, but not even a few breaths later, he once again fell into a dark vortex.


 He again used flash bug Gu to free himself.


 But following that, he fell in the third dark vortex again.


 True inheritance secluded domain was originally a place filled with darkness, as such dark vortexes were extremely concealed here. Without someone running into them, they would remain still and there would be no way to sense them. But once someone ran into them, they would form a sinking force like one had stepped into a swamp or quicksand.


 “You can’t run away! I have placed countless traps all over the surrounding hundred li!” Hei Lou Lan shouted while rapidly flying towards Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan was suffering the consequences of a lack of investigation. He shouted furiously: “You are seeking your own death, don’t blame me!”


 He activated six arm heavenly zombie king and forcefully freed himself from the vortex, charging straight towards Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan felt a chill before it turned into joy. He was not afraid of Fang Yuan attacking him, but afraid of Fang Yuan fleeing all the time and not give him the chance to fight.


 New and old hatred overlapped; both sides wanted nothing more than to kill each other.


 However, they had not even fought yet, when Hei Lou Lan suddenly changed his direction and fled.


 Shortly, Fang Yuan’s expression also changed and retreated towards the back extremely quickly.


 Too horrifying!


 A large group of formless hands breezed down from above, their numbers were at least five to six hundred!


 The light blue radiance dyed the surrounding space into a scene of blue.


 The formless hand group divided into two, chasing after Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan.


 Fang Yuan was facing an unprecedented crisis.


 He did not dare to fly in between the formless hands. There were too many formless hands, even a light movement could easily seal all his paths.


 Fang Yuan could only fly forward swiftly, with the large group of giant light blue hands closely chasing him.


 “No, don’t come here!” Ye Lui Sang shouted in panic. He was moving with three other Gu Masters, and coordinating with each other, he was barely able to ensure the safety of his fire path Immortal Gu; however, now he suddenly saw Fang Yuan flying towards them!


 And when he saw the group of formless hands behind Fang Yuan, Ye Lui Sang’s heart nearly jumped out in shock.


 Fang Yuan not only increased his speed, he also quickly made his move; long range attacks sealed the best escape routes of Ye Lui Sang’s group and also greatly slowed down their speed.


 Next, Fang Yuan turned a little and flew past them, continuing to fly swiftly.


 Ye Lui Sang’s group was escaping with all their strength, but it was nowhere near enough.


 “No—!” This unlucky Ye Lui tribe leader let out a miserable scream as hundreds of formless hands filled his vision.


 Like a burst of strong wind wreaking havoc or like locusts passing through the fields, the giant light blue hands plundered Ye Lui Sang’s group and continued to chase after Fang Yuan.


 Ye Lui Sang’s group stood on the spot with dazed expressions. There were too many formless hands and in just a few breaths of time, all their Gu worms were seized.


 In an instant, they had become completely penniless. Although they still had primeval essence remaining in their apertures, there was nothing to use them on!


 “How will I report to supreme tribe elder when I return?!” Ye Lui Sang’s heart was filled with fear and bewilderment.


 His fire path Immortal Gu was lent to him by Ye Lui tribe’s supreme tribe elder Ye Lui Lai to help him obtain victory in this Imperial Court contest.


 The value of the Immortal Gu was self-evident.


 Ye Lui Sang lost in the contest, but to preserve the Immortal Gu, he had to bear the disgrace of siding with Hei Lou Lan who was also a super tribe leader like him.


 And now, because of Fang Yuan sending the disaster towards him, the fire path Immortal Gu he had protected with his heart and soul was gone!


 Fang Yuan flew rapidly before glancing behind him; he felt relieved when he saw the formless hands had decreased in number.


 This was the contribution of Ye Lui Sang’s group.


 Fang Yuan saw hope in getting rid of this group of formless hands.


 That was to draw the disaster towards others!


 He had flying master attainment while others did not.


 “Eh? That is!” While fleeing, Fang Yuan finally discovered trace of Ma Hong Yun.


 Luck path supreme true inheritance was shielding Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, while dodging and flying away from many formless hands chasing it. Of course, when compared to the group chasing Fang Yuan, it paled in comparison.


 Without the least bit of hesitation, Fang Yuan immediately flew towards Ma Hong Yun.


 Sensing an even greater danger, luck path true inheritance light lump instinctively changed its direction.


 However, Fang Yuan chased it relentlessly and with extremely deft movements, he was able to gradually get closer.


 “Let us go, I beg you, please let us go!” Ma Hong Yun’s pleading came from within luck path true inheritance.


 “Don’t come over, don’t come over!” Zhao Lian Yun was also shivering in fear.


 Fang Yuan’s heart was tough like iron and cold as steel, how could he be swayed?


 His speed suddenly increased violently as he made a beautiful arc beside the luck path true inheritance.


 The formless hand group was immediately attracted to the aura of luck path true inheritance and flocked to it.


 “We’re finished!” Both of Ma and Zhao’s faces turned as they looked at the hundreds of formless hands blocking their escape routes, attacking like a storm.


 “Hahaha, luck path supreme true inheritance!” Fang Yuan made a full circle, before flying back.


 “My immortal aperture has almost finished forming, this is truly wonderful, I can use it to store the luck path Immortal Gu!” Fang Yuan’s gaze burned looking at the formless hands shrouding the luck path true inheritance.


 Whooosh Whoosh Whoosh...


 Soon, many formless fists started flying away.


 Fang Yuan immediately started using all his methods to seize the Gu.


 One, two... five, six... the number soon crossed ten.


 Fang Yuan knew he would not be able to catch all luck path Gu worms, but he was satisfied at having such a harvest.


 “Wait a moment, a six fingered formless fist!”


 Fang Yuan suddenly discovered a major target. The six fingers signified this fist was holding a rank six luck path Immortal Gu!


 Fang Yuan’s eyes reddened and his breathing sped up as he used all his strength to chase the six fingered fist. He turned into six arm heavenly zombie king and directly pounced towards the fist. His eight arms burst out with fist shadows as he rained down violent punches!


 The formless fist shattered and as expected, revealed a luck path Immortal Gu.


 “Haha!” Fang Yuan laughed heartily as he quickly grabbed it.


 However, right at this instant, a six fingered formless hand flew over and grabbed Fang Yuan! Its timing was impeccable as Fang Yuan’s guard was slightly relaxed due to the happiness; the result was extreme joy turning into sorrow!


 Fang Yuan felt his mind go blank and cursed out; the time seemed to have stretched out extremely long at this moment.


 After two breaths, the six fingered formless fist flew away from him and Fang Yuan recovered the ability to move.


 Fang Yuan immediately unfolded his six wings and left the spot immediately.


 He hurriedly glanced behind him and saw fifty to sixty formless hands crashing into each other at the spot where he had just been before.


 If he had even the slightest hesitation...


 Fang Yuan’s forehead was soaked with cold sweat.


 He then examined his body and the discovery caused him to turn gloomy. The Gu that was seized was not any of the Immortal Gu he had seized or Spring Autumn Cicada, it was Fixed Immortal Travel.


 “This damned luck!” Fang Yuan cursed. Fixed Immortal Travel was his primary method to leave this place and return to Hu Immortal blessed land!


 He must get it back!


 Fang Yuan temporarily suppressed the luck path Immortal Gu and stored it in his pocket, then he stared at that six fingered formless fist and gave chase.


 When one walks by the river, how could one’s shoes not get wet? 

 Fortunately, his immortal aperture finished stabilizing during the chase.


 Fang Yuan’s risky attempt at advancing to Gu Immortal ended in success, at this moment he had become a true strength path Gu Immortal!


 His strength path immortal aperture was very huge with about 3500km² of area. The sky was orange-yellow and there were all sorts of lofty, tall and straight mountains on the ground made of white stones with not even a blade of grass on them.


 An invisible tributary of the river of time was pulled into the immortal aperture blessed land, supporting the normal operations of this small world.


 In comparison to the outside world, the flow of time here was one to sixteen.


 The most important point was there were twenty-two green grape immortal essence beads!


 “This is a medium grade blessed land...” Fang Yuan sighed.


 When a Gu Master advanced to Gu Immortal, their immortal aperture could be classified into three grades.


 A small blessed land has a size of 2000km² at the maximum, can draw in a small tributary of the river of time and create over ten beads of immortal essence, while being a land of few resources.


 Medium grade can have a size of 2000km² to 4000km², draw in a slightly bigger tributary of the river of time, create over twenty beads of immortal essence and has plentiful resources.


 High grade blessed land can have a size of 4000km² to 6000km² , draw in a large tributary of the river of time and create over thirty beads of immortal essence. There will be plenty of heaven and earth qi remaining which can mutually interact and refine a mortal Gu into Immortal Gu during a burst of inspiration!


 When Tai Bai Yun Sheng advanced to Gu Immortal, he refined two Immortal Gu; no doubt, his was a high grade blessed land.


 Fang Yuan’s strength path immortal aperture, however, was a medium grade blessed land.


 “I might have much more human qi compared to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but he received the help of human qi Gu and his human qi was able to greatly surpass mine. I received the protection of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and Giant Sun’s will; this was both an advantage and a disadvantage. Large amounts of heaven and earth qi were isolated outside and only a small part was able to seep into true inheritance secluded domain which was absorbed by me.” Thoughts flashed Fang Yuan’s mind like sparks.


 Giant Sun’s will was after all forced to help Fang Yuan resist the heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity due to helplessness.


 It absolutely would not kindly allow the heaven and earth qi to enter true inheritance secluded domain which could provide Fang Yuan with more potential.


 “Besides this, there is also another important factor – Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 Spring Autumn Cicada absorbed the water of the tributary of river of time which was akin to cutting off the nourishment and greatly weakened the accomplishment of strength path immortal aperture.


 Thus, Fang Yuan’s strength path immortal aperture’s time flow had one to sixteen ratio which was lower than normal standard.



***
Chapter 634 - Wind Veil of Assimilation


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan felt no regret towards obtaining a medium grade blessed land.


 This was for the best!


 Within the first aperture, Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure had already reached its limits, the first aperture’s walls were full of cracks. If he continued, he might cause the aperture to explode.


 If it was a high grade blessed land, it could refine an Immortal Gu and create a heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity within the blessed land.


 Fang Yuan’s predicament was extremely dangerous, he had both internal and external threats. If his immortal aperture had a heavenly tribulation and earthly calamity wrecking havoc inside, Fang Yuan would surely become too distracted, it would be fortunate if he only suffered a great loss, but most likely he would lose his life.


 “Regardless, becoming a strength path Gu Immortal means I have the ability to interfere in the battle now.” Fang Yuan sighed deeply, throwing all of his Gu worms, be it mortal or Immortal Gu, into his strength path immortal aperture.


 The immortal aperture had a huge space, it could easily hold Immortal Gu.


 Next, Fang Yuan willed and used a bead of green grape immortal essence.


 Immediately afterwards, the green grape immortal essence spread and filled the entire blessed land, turning into almost limitless primeval essence.


 Fang Yuan heaved a sigh of relief, from this moment on, he no longer had to worry about primeval essence expenditure, he could use mortal Gu without any restraints anymore.


 This was the biggest difference between mortal and immortal.


 “At the same time, after becoming an immortal, the heaven and earth qi were all consumed, thus there would no longer be any threat of a backlash!” Fang Yuan’s aura was surging, his eyes were shining with brilliance.


 His body shook slightly, and another pair of eagle wings grew on his back.


 Flying with eight wings, Fang Yuan’s speed become faster again, chasing after Fixed Immortal Travel.


 Seeing that he was about to reach his target, Tai Bai Yun Sheng called out for help behind him.


 “Junior brother, assist me, that hand took away my Immortal Gu Landscape as Before!”


 Fang Yuan turned around and saw a six fingered formless fist flying towards his left. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was dragging the supreme true inheritance light lump as he chased after it desperately.


 Fang Yuan hesitated for a moment, this six fingered formless fist was right beside him, if he did not help, he would not be able to explain himself.


 He immediately activated the wind flower Gu, barely turning around.


 His speed was simply too fast, even the wind flower Gu in his immortal aperture could not take it, as many petals fell out.


 Fang Yuan caught up to the six fingered formless fist and smashed at it, breaking it open and rescuing Landscape as Before.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was overjoyed upon seeing this: “Great, junior brother, if not for your help...”


 Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, shouting anxiously: “Senior brother, dodge!” 

 Too late!


 An eight fingered formless hand flew over and grabbed onto Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was immobilized, his face was full of shock and fear. During this time, hundreds of formless hands flew over and encircled Tai Bai Yun Sheng!


 At the same time, large numbers of formless hands were flying over from far away.


 “Damn it... not only was Tai Bai Yun Sheng caught, he had the supreme true inheritance with him. This is bad, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is going to be destroyed! I have to take back Fixed Immortal Travel quickly!” Fang Yuan did not dare to save him, his eyes flashed with a cold light as he placed the landscape as before Gu into his immortal aperture and turned around to leave.


 Fixed Immortal Travel Gu was the best method to escape, it was more important than any other Immortal Gu right now in Fang Yuan’s heart!


 Fang Yuan flew rapidly, about to reach the formless fist.


 “After I take Fixed Immortal Travel, I will leave, who cares about Tai Bai Yun Sheng anymore!” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone with brilliance, he had made up his mind.


 True inheritance secluded domain was at the deepest part of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and there were already so many formless hands here, not to mention the outside world.


 He had obtained enough benefits, and he had even successfully advanced to an immortal, if he continued staying here, he might lose his life.


 Fang Yuan had the intention to retreat already.


 But just when he was about to succeed, Hei Lou Lan blocked his path.


 “Don’t think that I’ll be afraid just because you became an immortal! Return my Gu worm to me now and I’ll give way immediately!” Hei Lou Lan screamed.


 “You are courting death!!” Fang Yuan stared furiously, he wanted to tear Hei Lou Lan into several pieces, but his logic dictated him to change directions and swerve around Hei Lou Lan, continuing his pursuit.


 Hei Lou Lan snickered, he was unable to catch up to Fang Yuan, but in terms of long range methods, he had his ways to obstructing Fang Yuan in his chase.


 Fang Yuan was obstructed by Hei Lou Lan time and again, he had to change his direction.


 “Is this worth it? Just return my Gu to me and you’ll be able to reach this formless fist. Don’t forget, after the formless fist flies for a certain distance, it will vanish along with the Gu worm.” Hei Lou Lan urged.


 He was extremely anxious, his vital Gu was in Fang Yuan’s hands, but he had to control himself and mask his anxiety.


 Fang Yuan shouted out in anger, his expression still as water.


 There was no way he would return the Gu worm to Hei Lou Lan.


 The more Hei Lou Lan cared about this Gu, the more important this Gu was to him.


 Hei Lou Lan was a huge enemy, even if he returned the Gu worm, if he did not keep his promise and continued obstructing Fang Yuan, what then?


 Fang Yuan could only make detours and continue chasing after his target.


 Bam!!!


 Right at this moment, there was a huge sound.


 True inheritance secluded domain completely broke apart, instantly exploding.


 Eye piercing sunlight filled everyone’s vision. At once, Fang Yuan and the others were caught off guard, their entire vision turned white.


 In such a situation, who would dare to shut their eyes completely?


 Even though their eyes were overflowing with tears due to the intensity, they had to open a slit.


 As the white light faded slowly, from their blurred vision, everyone could see that they were floating in the air.


 “Save us!” Many Gu Masters cried out desperately for help.


 They were all unlucky people who had their Gu worms taken away. Without Gu worms, this rapid descent would cause them to die upon impact with the ground.


 Nobody lent a hand to help them. Those Gu Masters who were barely floating in the air could only care about themselves, as they looked around in shock.


 In the sky, there were thousands of formless hands, closely packed together.


 On the ground, smoke was rising and there was debris of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building everywhere. These broken walls and structures were disintegrating, turning back into Gu worms.


 The number of Gu worms was too many, each tile could split up into an ant’s nest worth of Gu worms.


 “Oh my heavens!”


 “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed!”


 “Oh Longevity Heaven, why is this happening?”


 Everyone was flustered and shocked, when suddenly a bright golden rainbow shot up in the sky!


 “Leave behind the Immortal Gu!” The remaining Giant Sun’s will had been storing energy for this moment, he finally made his move!


 The golden rainbow shot out like lightning, in the blink of an eye, it destroyed one formless fist and obtained the Immortal Gu within.


 Divert disaster Gu!


 Giant Sun’s will entered the Gu and quickly activated it.


 Divert disaster Gu shot out pillars of light and shone everywhere.


 The formless hands that were swept by the light pillars shrunk in size and their speed fell. Those formless hands that were hit by the light pillar disintegrated rapidly and the Gu worms within were released.


 At once, Giant Sun’s will regained several Immortal Gu!


 “Otherworldly demon! Luck path true inheritance!!” Giant Sun’s will looked at the luck path true inheritance that was trapped by the formless hands, as well as Ma and Zhao who were inside the light lump.


 Without a trace of hesitation, he flew over with killing intent.


 “My Fixed Immortal Travel...” Fang Yuan’s heart sank to rock bottom.


 He lost his target.


 The formless fist that contained Fixed Immortal Travel had gone missing, it had flew away with Fixed Immortal Travel into the unknown.


 Fang Yuan had completely lost Fixed Immortal Travel!


 “Damn it!” Fang Yuan controlled his heartache as he forced himself to calm down.


 Without Fixed Immortal Travel, he could still use the stargate to return to Hu Immortal blessed land, but this stargate needed to be sustained, so if Fang Yuan wanted to leave this place, he first needed to find a safe environment.


 “Old Ancestor is here, you have no way out now. Return my Gu worm to me and I can still help you ask for mercy.” Hei Lou Lan flew over, shouting.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes flashed with cold light.


 Hei Lou Lan’s words reminded him, his biggest threat now were the formless hands, followed by Giant Sun’s will.


 Although the current Giant Sun’s will was heavily damaged and was not even a tiny fraction of its original state, it was still not something Fang Yuan could take on!


 The will that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable left behind was too grand and majestic. Even though it had undergone such tremendous weakening, even though Fang Yuan was now a Gu Immortal, he was still not its match.


 Most importantly, it was currently snatching Immortal Gu all over the place, once it activates the Gu, its battle strength would surge!


 “Ordinary Gu worms need primeval essence or immortal essence to activate. No matter how powerful Giant Sun’s will is, he is still a will and needs to use the rank nine yellow apricot immortal essence that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had left behind.”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was like an eagle, he looked towards Giant Sun’s will who was far away.


 He had just taken a look when a formless hand flew over.


 Fang Yuan flapped his wings, evading successfully.


 “Damn it!” Hei Lou Lan cursed ruthlessly, he had also suffered the attacks of three formless hands along the way.


 True inheritance secluded domain was broken apart, the number of formless hands in the air increased by at least ten times!


 These formless hands attacked, causing Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan to be dodging them with all their effort, they could not spare the energy to care about other things.


 Bam bam bam...


 Wind blades danced in the air, cutting apart several formless hands.


 The Gu that were caught earlier were released, while Giant Sun’s will was like a golden dragon, pouncing on them.


 He had much of Giant Sun’s immortal essence, he had the capability to instantly refine Gu worms when he got them, his battle strength surged and his aura was like a rainbow.


 “Otherworldly demon! Luck path true inheritance!” Soon, Giant Sun’s will found Ma and Zhao.


 They were surrounded by countless formless hands, the originally large true inheritance light lump had shrunk by at least a third of its size.


 Giant Sun’s will howled loudly, as several Immortal Gu and hundreds of rank five mortal Gu were used together at once.


 The light of divert disaster shot straight, a thousand wind blades danced in formation, a bright red fire crow spread its wings and flew while screeching...


 All sorts of attacks surrounded the luck path true inheritance like the falling petals of a flower.


 Once any formless hands flew out, they would be instantly destroyed, and the Gu worm within would be taken by Giant Sun’s will.


 “Oh no, this luck path true inheritance originally belonged to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. If Giant Sun’s will obtains it, it would truly be a tiger gaining wings, or a flood dragon entering the sea!” Fang Yuan flew rapidly, taking a look at this scene, his heart turned heavy.


 He looked around, but realized that to leave this place, he needed the stargate Gu.


 “Imperial Court blessed land is on the brink of destruction, the outer fringe of the blessed land is already blowing with winds of assimilation, forming a huge circular wind veil. This wind has tremendous force, even if I am a Gu Immortal, I cannot resist it, I cannot force my way out!”



***
Chapter 635 - Important Decision


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Imperial Court blessed land was the number one blessed land of northern plains, it had deep foundations and tremendous fortune.


 Despite this, after Fang Yuan entered it, first, there was the contest of the land spirit, Frost Jade Peacock, and Giant Sun’s will.


 Next, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng underwent immortal ascension and took in the heaven and earth qi of the blessed land.


 Furthermore, there was the once in ten years blizzard ravaging the blessed land, and it even fused with Tai Bai Yun Sheng and Fang Yuan’s tribulations to form a terrifying heavenly tribulation.


 Frost Jade Peacock was able to endure it for so long, that was really quite a miracle already. Imperial Court blessed land’s destruction was a foregone conclusion, now that the wind veil was formed, Imperial Court blessed land was surrounded like a sphere, and the walls of the sphere were extremely thick, at least hundreds of meters.


 Even if the formless hands flew there, they would be crushed into bits, being assimilated into wind and lead to growing the strength of the winds of assimilation.


 Even with flash bug Gu, Fang Yuan could not get through it.


 However, this wind veil also formed an isolation barrier and prevented outside forces from intervening.


 At this moment, thousands of meters above the ground, in the sky.


 Three Gu Immortals looked down at the grand winds of assimilation that was like a giant dark green bowl inverted on the ground with a grim expression.


 The wind veil’s surface was very tranquil, but no one dared to underestimate the power of the winds of assimilation!


 “Imperial Court blessed land’s destruction is unavoidable! What happened inside? How did it become like this?!” One of the Gu Immortals, an elderly man, looked with a furious gaze as his brows were tightly folded.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Imperial Court blessed land, they were the arrangement of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to benefit his descendants.


 As descendants with Huang Jin bloodline, they had already considered Imperial Court blessed land as their territory since long ago.


 But now, the domain that held great treasures had been destroyed, these righteous path Gu Immortals of northern plains’ super tribes were like dormant volcanoes turning active.


 “Very evidently, this is a huge scheme. Our investigations earlier have shown that the most suspicious person is that Wolf King Chang Shan Yin. We have enough evidence to conclude that this person is an impersonator, the real Chang Shan Yin had died long ago!” Another young Gu Immortal said solemnly.


 After pausing for a while, he continued: “Obviously, not just Chang Shan Yin, but other than him, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Bian Si Xuan and the others are also suspicious. This scheme is very deep, it involves the forces of central continent!! According to what we’ve learnt, there are at least three of the ancient sects in central continent plotting against the Eighty-Eight True Yang Building for the last hundred years!”


 Central continent Gu Immortals’ secret plot expended a lot of their effort and resources, to create the loopholes and setups. In the end, Fang Yuan made use of these arrangements in advance, all of their hard work had gone to the benefit of someone else.


 Northern plains Gu Immortals were not to be trifled with.


 Imperial Court blessed land, Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, they were the spiritual symbols of northern plains, they were extremely important.


 The moment something happened to Imperial Court blessed land and the happenings inside were exposed to the outside world, northern plains’ forces all paid close attention to it.


 Unfortunately, they were all outside, and the situation had advanced too quickly, it was already too late by the time they wanted to save Imperial Court blessed land.


 “Sigh...” The leader of the Gu Immortals sighed deeply.


 He was good looking with red lips and white teeth, but for some reason, he had the appearance of a child, the aura he was emitting was extremely powerful, he was subtly the leader of the three.


 “The most important thing now is not to investigate these matters, but to consider the ways to salvage this situation! Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was the arrangement of Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, a rank eight Immortal Gu House, it is profound and mysterious, its heavenly power is not something we can understand. Although the winds of assimilation this time are fierce, forming a wind veil, it might not be able to destroy Eighty-Eight True Yang Building. We will stay here and look for an opportunity to help, while being careful of any unexpected situations.”


 The child Gu Immortal’s words made the elderly man and the young man Gu Immortal breathe in deeply.


 “Lord Tong Zu, you are absolutely right. Our Chanyu tribe has the immortal killer move — Winged Blade, as long as we activate it together, we will be able to forcefully break the wind veil of assimilation.” The young man Gu Immortal said this, unable to conceal his pride.


 “The winds of assimilation is not to be underestimated, even with winged blade, we only have one chance to attack. I have made my calculations, the injury that we cause on this wind veil of assimilation would recover in only eight breaths of time.” The elderly man was a wisdom path Gu Immortal, he could make deductions and predictions.


 The leader of the three, Chanyu Tong Zu, nodded slightly: “Right now, Hei tribe, Ye Lui tribe, Dong Fang tribe and others are surrounding the wind veil, all these righteous path super tribes have sent their Gu Immortals. There is also the number one demonic path force Snowy Mountain, they sent six Gu Immortals, attempting to take advantage of the situation. Don’t underestimate them, we have our trump cards, so do they. When we use the winged blade, we have to prevent them from taking advantage of us.”


 ...


 “The luck path true inheritance cannot fall in the hands of the otherworldly demon, all these are mine, mine!” Giant Sun’s will shouted loudly, his voice reverberated over the entire battlefield.


 He turned into a golden dragon, taking form at will. Sometimes, seventeen to eighteen small dragons were created, while at the next moment, they combined into a giant dragon!


 He carried Giant Sun’s immortal essence, using it without holding back.


 More than ten Immortal Gu were embedded on the dragon’s body, there were two on its dragon horns, one in each of its eyes, and six to seven in its scales.


 Blazing flames, divert disaster light beam, frost energy, all sorts of attacks were unleashed unceasingly.


 At this point, Giant Sun’s will could finally use his full strength.


 Giant Sun’s will had suppressed his anger for too long, he released all of it at this moment!


 First, he had to get rid of the otherworldly demon, and because of the luck path true inheritance’s importance, Giant Sun’s will first surrounded Ma and Zhao.


 Large numbers of formless hands covered the luck path true inheritance tightly, at times, formless fists that captured luck path Gu worms flew out.


 Giant Sun’s will was like a golden dragon, surrounding the luck path true inheritance and coiling around it, destroying all of the formless fists that came out.


 There were many formless fists, even Giant Sun’s will could only choose some and attack those, trying to free more Immortal Gu to raise his battle strength.


 But near the giant will dragon, there were also large numbers of formless hands.


 When Giant Sun’s will snatches these Gu worms back, the formless hands would steal them again. During this contest, the two were fighting intensely and occupied the sky.


 Below this battle, the remaining surviving Gu Masters were fighting with a smaller number of formless hands.


 Even though Giant Sun’s will attracted most of the formless hands, the Gu Masters were not having an easier time.


 With the destruction of true inheritance secluded domain, the Gu Masters were completely exposed and out in the open, they were attacked by even more formless hands.


 The formless hands were almost immune to all attacks, they flew in the sky and pierced through rocks, nothing could obstruct them. Only after stealing a Gu worm would they form into a fist and be susceptible to attacks.


 But the speed of the formless fists was very fast, not all Gu Masters could chase after them and destroy them successfully.


 Fang Yuan, Hei Lou Lan, and the others were a minority, they were geniuses among geniuses.


 “Old ancestor, please help... ahh—!”


 A shrill scream could suddenly be heard.


 Everyone could not help but raise their heads and look.


 Only to see that a Gu Master from a super tribe, one who bears a pure bloodline, was left with no other choice after being chased by the formless hands and flew into the sky to seek help from Giant Sun’s will. But in the end, he was the first to be slaughtered by Giant Sun’s will after he activated the Immortal Gu to attack.


 “Such might...” Hei Lou Lan raised his head and looked, even with his Great Strength True Martial Physique, he did not dare to get close to Giant Sun’s will.


 Giant Sun’s will had completely erupted, his attacks were fierce and carried tremendous might. His entire mind was on the luck path true inheritance, while competing with the formless hands, he had no energy to care about Giant Sun’s bloodline descendants.


 “So painful...” At this moment, Ye Lui Sang drew in a breath of cold air, crawling up from the ground.


 The Gu worms on his entire body were stolen, he had fallen from the sky. Thankfully, his body was once tempered using Gu worms, thus he only suffered bone fractures while keeping his life.


 Looking at this unlucky person who died, he suddenly felt extremely glad. At least, compared to this unlucky guy, he was still alive!


 Being alive was more important than anything.


 Fang Yuan could feel an immense mental pressure.


 “Damn it...” He gritted his teeth in annoyance, he wanted to leave but had no way to break out of this predicament.


 “Thankfully, Giant Sun’s will did not target me at the start, but instead went after that otherworldly demon Zhao Lian Yun, while also wanting to protect the luck path true inheritance.”


 Fang Yuan was very clear in his heart, once Giant Sun’s will gets rid of this problem, he would not let him off.


 By then, he would be like a sheep standing near a tiger, or a rabbit near a python.


 “Giant Sun’s will alone cannot activate so many Immortal Gu. Even though I became a Gu Immortal, if we fought head on, I would still not be Giant Sun’s will’s match. That is unless I cut away his connection with Giant Sun’s immortal essence!”


 Fang Yuan’s mind was very sharp.


 But unfortunately, there were too many formless hands, he had to exert himself in dealing with them.


 Other than Giant Sun’s will, he was the one with the most Immortal Gu, their aura was attracting the attack of many formless hands.


 At the same time, Hei Lou Lan’s continuous attacks were also quite a problem.


 He had the Great Strength True Martial Physique of the ten extreme physiques, a true child of heaven, he could be thought of as the matured version of Bai Ning Bing. Be it his battle capabilities or foundation and accumulation, they were very outstanding.


 He had heaven defying battle strength, even Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not his match, the power of his self-detonation could slay an immortal!


 After being obstructed once again by Hei Lou Lan, Fang Yuan’s gaze towards him became more ominous.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan thought to himself: “This Hei Lou Lan has an absurd number of Gu worms. He had many of his Gu worms taken away, yet he still has so many remaining!”


 There was a reason for this of course.


 Hei Lou Lan’s sole purpose was to enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and obtain a strength path Immortal Gu, before attempting his immortal ascension in Imperial Court blessed land.


 Thus, he made ample preparation, especially with his father’s help, he accumulated many Gu worms.


 He considered the backlash of the heaven and earth qi during his immortal ascension which would lead to the death of Gu worms, thus he prepared a lot of Gu worms, more than what anyone could imagine.


 “Junior brother, save me!” After dodging for a while, Fang Yuan heard Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s cry for help.


 It turns out, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was trapped by the formless hands, floating in the air as he desperately defended himself.


 Eventually, his Gu worms were all taken away.


 After losing the support of his Gu worms, even as a Gu Immortal, he started falling towards the ground.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was his only alliance mate, he could not abandon him yet.


 Fang Yuan immediately made a turn and took a risk to save him.


 But who knew that during that period, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s anxious shout could be heard: “Quick, junior brother, take back my Immortal Gu Man as Before!”


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, seeing that a six fingered formless fist was flying out.


 If at this moment, Fang Yuan chooses to save Tai Bai Yun Sheng, then he would lose the best opportunity to take back man as before Immortal Gu. Most likely, after he saves Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Man as Before would be transported away by formless fist.


 To save Tai Bai Yun Sheng, or to take back the Immortal Gu Man as Before?


 At this moment, Fang Yuan had to make an important decision.



***
Chapter 636 - Shocking Change


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 To save Tai Bai Yun Sheng, or take back Man as Before?


 At this instant, Fang Yuan hesitated.


 Man as Before, this Gu was extremely famous even though it was a mortal Gu. Now that it had become an Immortal Gu, its ability was even greater.


 According to what Tai Bai Yun Sheng had said earlier, when it was a mortal Gu, it could turn a Gu Master’s condition back to a state in the past. After becoming an Immortal Gu, it could not only affect others but even himself.


 This ‘himself’ naturally meant Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a Gu Immortal, it was not hard to deduce that the Immortal Gu Man as Before could affect Gu Immortals as well!


 As a Gu worm that can heal a Gu Immortal, the value of Man as Before need not be mentioned. In fact, its value far surpassed ordinary Immortal Gu!


 Thus, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was so anxious, forgetting his own predicament and reminding Fang Yuan to take back Man as Before.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s words were merely out of anxiety, he said it without truly considering the consequences.


 In the case that Fang Yuan really abandoned him and attempted to retrieve Man as Before Immortal Gu, Tai Bai Yun Sheng would be in great danger.


 Even though the essence of a Gu Master’s life undergoes a qualitative change when becoming a Gu Immortal, if he fell from such a high altitude, even if Tai Bai Yun Sheng survived, he would be gravely injured.


 And don’t forget that there were many other Gu Masters who were remaining on the ground.


 “Taking back Man as Before would use up a lot of time. Even if I retrieve Man as Before, if this causes a rift between me and Tai Bai Yun Sheng, what should I do then?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted out of anxiety, once he was in grave danger and his life was at risk, he would immediately realize: Compared to the Immortal Gu, his life was more important. If at that moment, he saw his ‘junior brother’ chasing the Immortal Gu and giving up on saving himself, how would he think?


 A person’s heart is very fickle and ever changing.


 Even though this sentence was said by Tai Bai Yun Sheng himself, when thinking of the circumstances and seeing things from another’s shoes, he would feel doubt and suspicion.


 “So be it if I still had Fixed Immortal Travel, but now that I have lost it, and the wind veil of assimilation is still contracting, isolating us from the outside world, I will need to use a stargate to leave this place and connect it to Hu Immortal blessed land!”


 Fang Yuan was facing great difficulty.


 To open the stargate, he would need to use starlight firefly Gu.


 The formless hands were flying about and ravaging the place, they were an unstoppable force.


 Once the starlight firefly Gu appeared, the formless hands would show up like flies. Even as a Gu Immortal, Fang Yuan had no confidence in protecting them from the formless hands.


 “But now that the wind veil of assimilation has been formed, there is no more heaven and earth qi, even though there are a lot of formless hands, no new ones will appear. Furthermore, with Eighty-Eight True Yang Building breaking apart and dissolving into different Gu worms that are flying around...”


 The formless hands had no energy source, they could not be sustained.


 Fang Yuan was a veteran demonic path cultivator with five hundred years of experience, he naturally had good insight.


 “Once the formless hands weaken, Giant Sun’s will would become the strongest force in this battlefield. By then, after he gets rid of Ma and Zhao, retrieving the luck path true inheritance, he would come after me!”


 By then, Giant Sun’s will would have Giant Sun’s immortal essence and many Immortal Gu, he would truly be the strongest foe.


 As the weaker party, Fang Yuan had to choose to cooperate against this strong foe, to resist the enemy with numbers.


 In this entire battlefield, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was the only suitable person.


 Even though he was a healing Gu Immortal, he was still a Gu Immortal!


 Even though his Gu worms were all stolen, Fang Yuan could lend him some.


 Moreover, Hei Lou Lan and the other blood related descendants were all Giant Sun’s will’s natural allies. No matter how well Fang Yuan could speak, in such a short time and in such a situation, they would not switch sides.


 After thinking so deeply, in reality, merely a short moment passed.


 Fang Yuan moved like lightning, without hesitation, he flew towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was falling.


 “Junior brother, you... sigh!” Seeing Fang Yuan make such a choice, Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had calmed down looked with shining eyes, he was touched and wanted to say something, but eventually ended up sighing.


 Along the way, many formless hands were obstructing them, but Fang Yuan twisted left and right, he was agile like a bird, he quickly shortened the distance between him and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 But right at this moment, the figure of a person suddenly appeared around Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Old fool, you have finally fallen into my hands!” The figure quickly turned solid as Hei Lou Lan grabbed Tai Bai Yun Sheng by the collar, capturing him.


 Although Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a Gu Immortal, he had no Gu worms on him, it was simply too easy for Hei Lou Lan!


 Hei Lou Lan quickly activated his Gu worm, sealing Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s four limbs and making him faint.


 Seeing the captive in his hands, Hei Lou Lan was overjoyed.


 He was able to capture Tai Bai Yun Sheng under such chaotic circumstances mostly due to luck. But the result was already a success, now Hei Lou Lan’s mind was full of ways to threaten Fang Yuan, to use this captive to take back his vital Gu!


 But he had just raised his head and had yet to speak, before he saw Fang Yuan’s body turning around and flying high up into the air.


 “Hei Lou Lan captured Tai Bai Yun Sheng, it is obviously because he wants to threaten me and ask for that Gu worm!” Fang Yuan had guessed Hei Lou Lan’s intention at the first moment.


 His heart sank, but he was still as calm as ever.


 Since Hei Lou Lan had such an objective, he would not cause harm to Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s life. That means, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was safe for the time being.


 In that case, the most important thing for Fang Yuan now was to retrieve the Immortal Gu Man as Before!


 He dodged left and right, avoiding the formless hands’ attacks. His eight wings flapped intensely as wind flower Gu and flash bug Gu were used in turns, eventually after fifteen minutes, after exerting all of his strength, with great difficulty he smashed the formless fist and took back the man as before Immortal Gu.


 Because he obtained Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s trust, man as before Immortal Gu did not struggle in Fang Yuan’s hands.


 Fang Yuan did not use his will to suppress it, he placed it into the strength path immortal aperture.


 “Your senior brother’s life is in my hands, quickly return my Gu worm!” At this point, Hei Lou Lan finally caught up and had the chance to issue a threat.


 He was full of sweat, chasing Fang Yuan was not easy.


 Especially when his movement speed was insufficient, and he still had to carry Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 He thought he understood Fang Yuan’s objectives, he was very confident in himself.


 Just as he said that, a formless hand flew over to him, Hei Lou Lan did not dare to resist it head on and had to dodge. This way, the imposing aura that he had tried to create was immediately weakened.


 Fang Yuan’s figure was like a lightning shadow, moving around the formless hands easily, when he got close to Hei Lou Lan, he was expressionless, but he was sighing over the inconvenience in his heart.


 Fang Yuan knew that he could not resist Giant Sun’s will alone, he needed Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s help.


 But now that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a captive, Fang Yuan was quite restricted.


 Although he had man as before Immortal Gu, he was not given permission by Tai Bai Yun Sheng to ‘use the Gu’. If he could use it, when Hei Lou Lan kills the captive and Tai Bai Yun Sheng dies, Fang Yuan could revive Tai Bai Yun Sheng using Man as Before.


 But there was a major problem here.


 Using Immortal Gu Man as Before required immortal essence.


 To revive a mortal, there was no issue. But to revive an immortal, the immortal essence expenditure would surely be huge.


 Fang Yuan only had twenty-two beads of green grape immortal essence. He used up one in diffusing it into endless primeval essence, thus he only had twenty-one left.


 This was his greatest assurance in fighting Giant Sun’s will.


 But to revive Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he would need to use at least ten green grape immortal essence!


 Unless there was no choice, Fang Yuan did not want to do that.


 Hei Lou Lan was truly a formidable character, it was no fluke that he was the person who became the victor of the Imperial Court contest. He had overwhelming talent and ability, once an opportunity appeared, he knew how to grab onto it.


 “Don’t tell me, I really have to return his Gu worm?”


 Once that thought appeared, Fang Yuan suppressed it.


 Hei Lou Lan was so anxious about that Gu, it was surely something extraordinary. Fang Yuan was not willing to return it just like that.


 Most importantly, Hei Lou Lan was not trustworthy!


 As time passed, Giant Sun’s will and the formless hands’ battle intensified.


 Giant Sun’s will originated from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he was very ruthless and wise, now that his original strength could be displayed fully, he showed off a matchless disposition.


 He drew support from the luck path true inheritance light lump, and while fighting against the formless hands, he took back control of the one and only copy of the luck path true inheritance.


 After so long, the luck path true inheritance light lump was still quite intact.


 There were simply too many Gu worms inside this true inheritance, it was shocking. In just this short while, six luck path Immortal Gu were already taken by the formless hands.


 No wonder it was the one and only copy.


 Immortal Gu were unique, even for Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he exerted all his efforts and could only elevate the true inheritance to this extent.


 Three of the six Immortal Gu were retrieved by Giant Sun’s will when he broke the formless fists. Giant Sun’s will could only watch as the other three were taken away by the formless fists.


 “Damn it! Too hateful!” Giant Sun’s will got more furious as he fought, he had already hated Zhao Lian Yun to the depths of his soul, now he no longer cared about Ma Hong Yun’s life.


 “I want to see how long this luck path true inheritance can protect you for!” Giant Sun’s will gritted his teeth.


 If not for him wanting to protect the luck path true inheritance and being unable to attack all out, he would’ve destroyed this light lump and killed Ma and Zhao.


 Ma and Zhao hugged each other, towards this situation, there was nothing they could do but to await death.


 The great pressure was a huge turmoil on their hearts, their feelings for each other rapidly grew.


 But this was useless.


 The Frost Jade Peacock that recognised them as its master had already died.


 The size of the luck path true inheritance light lump was less than a third of what it had been originally. Seeing that death was approaching closer and closer, Ma and Zhao lost any hopes of surviving.


 Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan were at a stalemate, they were bargaining. Both sides were very distrustful of each other, this talk was progressing very slowly.


 Clang—!


 Right at this moment, from outside the wind veil, there was the sound of a blade.


 The sound of the blade was crisp and sharp, it reverberated in everyone’s ears.


 “What?”


 “This is!”


 Everyone raised their heads, they were attracted by this strange event, even the giant dragon of Giant Sun’s will stopped its attacks.


 Only to see that above them, on the wind veil of assimilation, there was a huge opening created by a blade.


 Everyone could see the outside sky of northern plains through the opening caused by the blade.


 In the sky, three Gu Immortals from Chanyu tribe were breathing roughly.


 This was the immortal killer move that they activated — Winged Blade!


 Around them, there were a dozen or so Gu Immortals.


 It turns out that when the three of them were colluding not too long ago, other righteous path Gu Immortals approached them. Because Hei tribe’s Gu Immortals were very sincere and put in a lot of effort, they came to an agreement quickly and thus chose to attack earlier than expected.


 With the blade opening, the inside and outside world were connected.


 This was a huge influence to anyone in the battlefield!


 The ones who reacted faster than Fang Yuan and the other humans were the Gu worms!


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building was an ownerless object, after being destroyed by the heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities, the walls collapsed and turned into large number of wild Gu worms.


 At this crucial moment, using their instincts, these Gu worms flew into the air, towards the opening.


 During the process, formless hands were capturing them all over the place.


 “This is the best chance to charge through the wind veil and escape from this dangerous place!” The Gu Masters’ eyes were glowing.


 “Ah! So many Gu worms, these are all formed from Eighty-Eight True Yang Building!” Northern plains Gu Immortals watched with burning and shining eyes.



***
Chapter 637 - Huge Shocking Change


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Originally, within the wind veil of assimilation, the Gu worms were lifeless.


 Now, a huge opening was cut into the wind veil of assimilation, opening a link outside to northern plains, the Gu worms all went into a frenzy, frantically rushing towards the opening.


 Formless hands arrived, attempting to grab them along the way.


 Nearly half of the Gu worms were captured by the formless hands, and carried off by the formless fists, vanishing into thin air.


 Despite this, the majority of the Gu worms managed to rush out of the opening, escaping this dangerous area surrounded by the wind veil of assimilation, and arriving in the outside world of northern plains.


 “Come to me, be mine!”


 “So many Gu worms, eh, that is an Immortal Gu?!”


 “Stop at once! Do not fight, distribute the Gu according to our prior arrangement, no one should act recklessly!!”


 The northern plains Gu Immortals saw a cluster of Gu worms, like an unceasing torrent of water rushing forth, they were already in a state of shocked ecstasy.


 They struck at once, repeatedly shouting, competing against each other, and displaying all kinds of methods.


 Fang Yuan raised his head to look, and saw a scene of Gu Immortals madly fighting over Gu worms.


 “There are more than twenty Gu Immortals... they probably used the immortal killer move winged blade; this killer move is a first class attacking method of northern plains, during the battle of the five regions in the future, many central continent Gu Immortals died from it.” His expression was grim, his eyes were flickering with cold light, the memories of his previous life was still vivid within his mind.


 Winds of assimilation, the number one wind in the world, they were able to assimilate all things, there are few methods capable of restraining it.


 But the immortal killer move winged blade had peerless might, it was a rare method that was even able to cleave open the wind veil of assimilation!


 “Naturally, this is also because the wind veil of assimilation had not formed for a long time, the wind walls are still not too thick, given a longer period of time, even the winged blade will be unable to damage it.”


 Winds of assimilation, they were a wind that blew when immortal apertures faced destruction.


 Once the wind gained momentum, and there was enough wind blowing, even rank eight Gu Immortals would struggle to resist it.


 As for rank nine Gu Immortals, they were the rulers of the world, they were invincible beings! No matter how strong the winds of assimilation became, it could do nothing to them.


 This shocking change was out of Fang Yuan’s expectations, to him, this was not a method of escaping.


 He had caused harm to Giant Sun’s will and caused the collapse of Eight-Eight True Yang Building, he was the culprit behind Imperial Court blessed land’s destruction! Once he went outside, and got caught by the angry northern plains Gu Immortals, he would end up facing a terrible fate. By then, even death would be a luxury.


 He placed his attention on Hei Lou Lan now.


 If Hei Lou Lan got distracted now, Fang Yuan would launch a sneak attack and take back Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 But Hei Lou Lan’s eyes were fixed on Fang Yuan without a single bit of distraction.


 His objective this time was to obtain a strength path Immortal Gu and become a Gu Immortal. But he was did not excel in movement and could not break the formless fists.


 However, he had made an agreement with Giant Sun’s will, as long as he helped him, Giant Sun’s will would give him a strength path Immortal Gu as a reward.


 This was also the sole reason why Hei Lou Lan had followed Giant Sun’s will since the battle began.


 “This fellow...” Fang Yuan had no opportunity at all, he could only grit his teeth.


 Right at this moment, there was a transmission from above the wind veil, but the voice was choppy: “Hei Lou Lan... my son... father is here... to bring you back...”


 Hei Lou Lan’s own father, the supreme tribe elder of northern plains’ super tribe, Hei tribe, a legendary figure in northern plains who was also the famous main character of the love story, Su Xian’s Night Elopement — Hei Cheng!


 He was rank seven and cultivated dark path, his eyes were like ink while his face was like jade, he had a handsome appearance and looked carefree.


 At this moment, he was floating in the air, keeping some Gu worms while calling out Hei Lou Lan’s name with much worry: “Don’t worry... father... has already found the strength path Immortal Gu for you...”


 But Hei Lou Lan snorted coldly when he heard his father’s call.


 He pretended he did not hear Hei Cheng’s words, instead it triggered his anger as his expression turned into one of hatred.


 Filled with the deep intent of revenge, he growled at Fang Yuan: “My patience is running out, do you still want your senior brother’s life? Quickly hand over my Gu worm to me, otherwise I will kill him!”


 He obviously had to save Tai Bai Yun Sheng, this was the only useful reinforcement that Fang Yuan could use to resist Giant Sun’s will.


 Thus, Fang Yuan shouted: “I can give the Gu to you, but you must wake my senior brother up first and let him run a thousand steps away from here!”


 His suggestion was immediately denied by Hei Lou Lan: “Impossible! You have to pass the Gu to me first, otherwise I will crush his skull directly!”


 Both sides did not trust each other.


 Fang Yuan wanted Hei Lou Lan to release Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but Hei Lou Lan was afraid of Fang Yuan’s movement speed.


 Hei Lou Lan wanted Fang Yuan to return the Gu first, but Fang Yuan was afraid of Hei Lou Lan playing tricks.


 Of course, there was the most common way to settle this.


 That was for both parties to act at the same time, releasing Tai Bai Yun Sheng and the Gu together.


 But in this environment, where formless hands were flying around everywhere, who would dare to let their Gu worms fly around?


 It was not that Fang Yuan did not want to save Tai Bai Yun Sheng, but the discussion was always stuck at this stage.


 Fang Yuan raised his head to look, and the scene was making his heart sink: “Oh no... the formless hands disappear after capturing Gu worms. The formless hands will continue to decrease in number, and soon, Giant Sun’s will would gain control of the situation!”


 Not only was Hei Lou Lan anxious, Fang Yuan was also starting to become anxious.


 Giant Sun’s will was a special will, exterminating the otherworldly demon was his top priority. This objective ruled above his desire to live.


 The dragon made of will roared, it ignored the passage above its head as it coiled around the luck path true inheritance.


 The remaining luck path Gu worms were the true inheritance’s core.


 Giant Sun’s will did not dare to be careless.


 “Are we going to die?!” Seeing the luck path true inheritance light lump reduce to a thin layer, Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun felt that all hope was lost.


 But right at this moment!


 The true inheritance light lump burst out with a dazzling light, the light was so strong it could blind everyone’s vision.


 With a whoosh, the true inheritance light lump carried Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun, flying up and turning into a rainbow of light, charging towards the opening in the wind veil.


 The luck path true inheritance was governed by the will of a wild Gu, it had a very strong instinct for survival.


 “Don’t even think about it!” The dragon of Giant Sun’s will shouted furiously, without hesitation, it gave chase immediately!


 The true inheritance light lump was really fast, Giant Sun’s will could not catch up to it.


 Seeing that true inheritance light lump was about to get out of the wind veil of assimilation and escape into northern plains, Giant Sun’s will finally let go of his reservations and set his mind on exterminating the otherworldly demon Zhao Lian Yun!


 This was the primary objective that Giant Sun Immortal Venerable had given to the special will!


 When one could not get the best of both worlds, Giant Sun’s will had no choice but to discard one to achieve the other objective!


 Giant Sun’s immortal essence was injected into all the Immortal Gu, as the dragon of will shined with a dozen spots of lights. In three breaths of time, the light expanded rapidly, ready to attack.


 The will dragon’s aura surged, as it readied itself, a shockingly powerful attack was about to be launched!


 But, right at this moment.


 From among the group of Gu worms, another true inheritance light lump appeared suddenly!


 This true inheritance light lump was about the size of an adult, it was a supreme true inheritance!


 This supreme true inheritance gave off a thin layer of light.


 This light was not dazzling in brightness alone, but it kept changing into different colors. The light was also very dense, and it covered a huge area, forming a giant halo.


 The supreme true inheritance along with the halo crashed fiercely into the dragon of Giant Sun’s will.


 Crack crack crack...


 Under the halo’s effect, Giant Sun’s will rapidly expanded and exploded, leaving behind the sound of firecrackers.


 The giant halo with the supreme true inheritance as its center attacked the dragon of Giant Sun’s will, and attempted to cut the dragon into two at its waist.


 Giant Sun’s will howled, falling into extreme anger and shock.


 It had broken into two, originally the dozen Immortal Gu were ready to attack, but their lethal attacks had been cancelled already.


 “Rank nine wisdom Gu!” Fang Yuan’s expression was unchanging, but his heart jumped.


 From the appearance of this supreme true inheritance, its true identity had been exposed.


 Within the true inheritance secluded domain, there were only thee supreme true inheritances.


 One was Eight-Eight True Yang Building itself, it had already been broken up by the formless hands. This was also why Eight-Eight True Yang Building had collapsed completely and split back into Gu worms.


 The other was the luck path true inheritance, it had once fuelled Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s glorious success. Right now, it was heading towards the opening in the wind veil of assimilation, rushing for its freedom.


 The final one was the rank nine wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan had once seen it inside the true inheritance secluded domain, if not for Mo Yao’s will reminding him back then, he may have nearly lost his life under wisdom Gu’s influence.


 Being as high as rank nine, wisdom Gu which was recorded inside > was definitely extraordinary.


 It gave off the light of wisdom.


 Basking in this light, lifeforms would lose their lifespan rapidly, thoughts would be created and destroyed in their minds quickly, they would collide with each other and create the sparks of wisdom in the process.


 When a person thinks, countless thoughts would be created, destroyed, or collide into each other, to obtain the results of thinking.


 Wisdom path, with this principle, became one of the paths of Gu Masters.


 The light of wisdom would increase the number of thoughts to the limit, the speed of thinking would be raised to the limit, and the collisions would occur at the most rapid rate. By reducing the time to think greatly, one could attain greater effects.


 This was the true effect of wisdom Gu!


 “That’s right, wisdom Gu also has a wild will, and had been hiding since long ago. Now that the wind veil of assimilation is broken, it is instinctively trying to escape. Except that it had remained silent until now before suddenly striking!” Fang Yuan realized at once.


 Fang Yuan felt no shock towards how wisdom Gu was able to easily deal great damage to Giant Sun’s will.


 It has been mentioned previously — wisdom path is classified into thought, will, and emotion.


 What were wills made up of?


 Multiple thoughts!


 Under the shining light of wisdom, these thoughts collided intensely, they expanded and faced destruction rapidly.


 If the light was shone on humans, new thoughts would develop in their minds.


 But Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was dead!


 This was only a will that he left behind!


 This special will was just like the formless hands, without a source of energy!


 Under the light of wisdom, these thoughts collided at an extremely fast face, they were rapidly destroyed but no new thoughts were generated. The dragon of Giant Sun’s will was thus easily snapped into two.


 It could be said that wisdom Gu directly countered Giant Sun’s will!


 “But this advantage is not enough to take down Giant Sun’s will, unless...” Fang Yuan’s gaze was sharp as an eagle, he looked up while enduring the piercing light from the inheritance.


 Indeed!


 He saw that in the sky, up to a hundred beads of immortal essence were falling down.


 These yellow immortal essence were skull sized, each was filled to the brim and they had their auras concealed. Fang Yuan’s rank six green grape immortal essence could not hold a candle to them.


 These were rank nine yellow apricot immortal essence!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s immortal essence which he had left behind!



***
Chapter 638 - Unfilial Descendants


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Immortal Gu normally required immortal essence to activate. Under most circumstances, will could not activate Gu worms alone. Even Giant Sun’s will was not exempt from this rule.


 The reason the dragon of Giant Sun’s will could activate Immortal Gu was because it was holding Giant Sun’s immortal essence.


 However, the wisdom Gu’s attack cut apart the dragon of Giant Sun’s will into two and actually revealed it was holding Giant Sun’s immortal essence.


 “As expected of wisdom Gu! Such an amazing result in just one move!!” Fang Yuan’s gaze brightened and praised wisdom Gu inwardly.


 He had also thought of cutting apart the connection between Giant Sun’s immortal essence and Giant Sun’s will, but he did not have enough strength to do so.


 However, wisdom Gu accomplished it!


 Wisdom Gu was not the slightest bit afraid of formless hands. The most terrifying formless hands only had eight fingers while wisdom Gu was a rank nine Immortal Gu and could only be grabbed by nine fingered formless hands.


 However, wisdom Gu was extremely fragile despite being rank nine. It was not an offense oriented Gu and could still be destroyed.


 It wanted freedom and wanted to soar to the skies, and the dragon of Giant Sun’s will which possessed many Immortal Gu was its primary obstacle.


 From wisdom Gu’s perspective, dealing with the dragon of Giant Sun’s will was of the utmost importance.


 Thus, it concealed itself and waited for an opportunity to strike. It remained inconspicuous when it did not make a move, but when it made a move, it was extremely shocking, striking the weak point of the Giant Sun’s will dragon and cutting its connection with Giant Sun’s immortal essence in one move, thereby causing the Immortal Gu controlled by Giant Sun’s will, more than ten in number, to be of no use.


 Giant Sun’s will let out a furious roar at the heavy damage!


 However, it did not turn around to attack wisdom Gu and instead relentlessly chased after the luck path true inheritance which was holding Ma and Zhao.


 Giant Sun’s will instantly condensed into a huge golden hand that struck towards Ma and Zhao like a meteor.


 For a moment, the whole battle situation turned into this


 The wind veil of assimilation was separating the ruins of Imperial Court blessed land from the outside world of northern plains.


 In the outside world were northern plains’ Gu Immortals.


 Inside was the ruins of Imperial Court blessed land.


 There was a giant tear in the wind veil of assimilation from which countless Gu worms flew out, sparking conflicts among the Gu Immortals.


 Inside the wind veil.


 At the highest point was the luck path true inheritance which had turned into a rainbow and flew rapidly towards the tear in the wind veil of assimilation, it was already close to it.


 In the middle was the huge hand of Giant Sun’s will which could no longer activate Immortal Gu.


 Below Giant Sun’s will was wisdom Gu which was following closely.


 Even further below in the mid-air was the deadlock between Fang Yuan and Hei Lou Lan.


 On the ground were dozens of surviving Gu Masters. Formless hands were attracted towards the Gu worms that filled the sky, and as such the Gu Masters’ situation was a lot better.


 The huge hand of Giant Sun’s will which had burst out with all its strength was rapidly closing the distance between it and the luck path true inheritance.


 Crackle crackle crackle...


 Giant Sun’s will was bursting out with explosive sounds.


 Wisdom Gu was not far below and Giant Sun’s will had all along been under the light of wisdom; its thoughts violently collided and perished.


 The huge hand of Giant Sun’s will was shrinking rapidly at a visible speed.


 However, the light of wisdom Gu was not just exhausting Giant Sun’s will, the intense collisions of the will was further increasing the speed and power of the huge hand of Giant Sun’s will.


 Finally, when the luck path true inheritance was just about to charge into the wind veil, the huge hand of Giant Sun’s will was able to block its path.


 “None of you can escape, die!” The huge hand of Giant Sun’s will grabbed down with extreme killing intent, not caring that the luck path true inheritance was a unique existence and just focused on killing Ma and Zhao.


 “Are we going to die?!” Ma and Zhao hugged each other, terror and shock filled them as they looked at the giant hand falling down upon them.


 Boom!


 Powerful attacks rained down like a hailstorm, smashing down ruthlessly at the huge hand of Giant Sun’s will.


 “You unfilial descendants!!” Giant Sun’s will let out a furious roar as its giant hand collapsed.


 The luck path true inheritance carried Ma and Zhao, and flew through the wind veil of assimilation to the outside world of northern plains.


 “These are Immortal Gu!”


 “Grab the Immortal Gu!”


 “They are mine, all mine!!”


 How could the righteous path Gu Immortals whose hearts were filled with greed know about the identity of the giant hand of will. Even if they knew, would they just look on as the huge hand of will crushed the Immortal Gu?


 A man whose heart cannot be satisfied is like a snake trying to swallow an elephant!


 The luck path true inheritance was brimming with dense Immortal Gu aura which further intensified the greed of the northern plains’ Gu Immortals.


 “Fight!”


 “Courting death, who dares to seize the Immortal Gu in front of me?!”


 “You shameless bastards! Did you guys forget the agreement we made earlier?”


 Verbal agreements between Gu Immortals were already fragile; who would comply with such agreements in front of huge profits?


 The northern plains’ Gu Immortals removed all consideration for face and grabbed at the luck path true inheritance!


 The majestic auras of the Gu Immortals collided against each other.


 Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun blacked out, almost fainting on the spot.


 They had left the wolf’s nest and entered the tiger’s den!


 “Eh? This aura and radiance, I am not wrong, this definitely is connected to luck path! Everyone move together!” Suddenly, a long and loud whooshing sound rang out.


 Over ten Gu Immortals appeared.


 At the lead was an old Gu Immortal with a snow-white beard that reached the toes.


 The righteous path Gu Immortals narrowed their eyes at the sight of this man. Someone cried out in surprise, introducing this man’s origins: “Old Ancestor Xue Hu, you actually came in person!”


 Old Ancestor Xue Hu was the leader of Snowy Mountain blessed land, a rank eight Gu Immortal and the number one demonic path Gu Immortal of northern plains!


 Following him were Snowy Mountain blessed land’s demonic path Gu Immortals, legendary experts whose names were known far and wide.


 “Imperial Court blessed land is about to be destroyed, of course I have to come and reap some benefits! Enough nonsense, strike!” Old Ancestor Xue Hu screamed out before leading the group behind him to join in the fight.


 The scene turned even more chaotic.


 Righteous and demonic factions battled with all sorts of Gu worms flying about. The luck path true inheritance changed hands several times; Ma and Zhao were in a precarious situation, walking on the edge of life and death.


 “Don’t fight, inside the wind veil of assimilation there are definitely many more Immortal Gu!” A Gu Immortal shouted in the chaos.


 “The three immortals of Chanyu, make your move. The wind veil of assimilation is closing up!” Another Gu Immortal gave a reminder from within the chaotic battlefield.


 The three Chanyu immortals had gathered with the Gu Immortal Tong Zu as the lead. They hurriedly glanced below when they heard the reminder.


 Sure enough, the tear on the wind veil of assimilation was already closing up and there was only a thin crack remaining.


 The tear that winged blade had created was extremely large, but the wind veil of assimilation’s recovery speed was very fast.


 Gu Immortal Tong Zu had estimated the cut would be closed in eight breaths of time. And from the looks of it, it indeed took around eight breaths.


 If they used the winged blade now, they would be able to open up a tear again. However, Chanyu tribe’s three immortals showed no signs of using it.


 This immortal path killer move had extremely terrifying power, but the price to pay was equally large, consuming a lot of immortal essence. And in this chaotic situation, the three Chanyu immortals did not dare to use it again so as to keep it in reserve to intimidate enemies.


 “Brother Hei Cheng, what are we going to do now?” Hei tribe’s Gu Immortal, Hei Bai, lost his cool when he saw the wind veil of assimilation closing up, and hurriedly consulted Gu Immortal Hei Cheng.


 Hei Cheng was silent, his expression extremely unsightly.


 Hei Bai had been seeking Immortal Gu Wooden Chicken since long ago, they had also received information from Hei Lou Lan that he had already obtained the Immortal Gu. But the wind veil of assimilation was now closed, Hei Lou Lan had not escaped when he had the chance, causing Hei Bai’s plan to be fruitless.


 Hei Cheng did not have the ability to cut apart the wind veil of assimilation.


 His voice turned extremely gloomy: “Brother Hei Bai, you still have a chance. Those formless hands inside the wind veil are extremely likely to have seized wooden chicken Gu. When they travel through space and their energy is used up, the captured Gu worms will also be freed.”


 The investigative abilities of Gu Immortals were much stronger than that of Gu Masters.


 After the tear was opened on the wind veil of assimilation, they had immediately glanced at the dangers within the wind veil. And because of the formless hands as well, they did not dare to enter the wind veil and risk themselves.


 “It’s like that?” Hei Bai’s eyes brightened before he thought of something, “Then nephew Hei Lou Lan...”


 Hei Cheng didn’t speak, but his expression turned even more gloomy.


 ......


 Hei Lou Lan did not grab the opportunity to escape the wind veil of assimilation, this made Fang Yuan inwardly shocked.


 However, he did not have the time to ponder over this and threw it to the back of his mind.


 He fixed his gaze on the falling immortal essence of Giant Sun.


 His mind was filled completely with the thoughts of this immortal essence of Giant Sun.


 Gu Masters cannot use the primeval essence of others. Gu Immortals were also unable to use the immortal essence of others.


 After Fang Yuan obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, he had obtained a lot of green grape immortal essence left behind by Hu Immortal. But only the land spirit, Little Hu Immortal, could use this immortal essence.


 Land spirits were formed from a Gu Immortal’s obsession. Giant Sun’s immortal essence also could only be used by Giant Sun’s will. Even if Fang Yuan obtained this immortal essence, he would not be able to use them.


 But this did not affect Fang Yuan’s resolve to seize the immortal essence of Giant Sun even a little bit!


 “I can’t use it, but as long I seize all this immortal essence, the power of Giant Sun’s will will drop down to twenty to thirty percent!!” Fang Yuan soared to the sky, crazily activating all sorts of movement Gu to increase his speed.


 This exceptionally good opportunity was created by wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan would not be worthy of being an authoritative figure of the demonic path if he did not grab this chance.


 “You dare!!” Attacked by his own descendants, and now sensing what Fang Yuan was attempting, Giant Sun’s will was furious as well as anxious.


 Without immortal essence, it was not able to activate Immortal Gu and could only use the power of its special will to battle.


 It understood the severity of this more than anyone else!


 Fang Yuan’s extremely fast speed gave Giant Sun’s will an unprecedented fear!


 “Damn it, it’s too late!” The will condensed back together into a giant hand which fell down like a meteor.


 “Hahaha....” Fang Yuan threw his head back and laughed loudly, he was less than a hundred steps away from Giant Sun’s immortal essence.


 Even if Giant Sun’s will was mighty, Fang Yuan was not worried.


 Because between Fang Yuan and Giant Sun’s will was the rank nine wisdom Gu!


 “Wisdom Gu is the bane of Giant Sun’s will, Giant Sun’s will would have to detour around wisdom Gu which would waste a lot more time! Hei Lou Lan does not have high speed and he still has to hold Tai Bai Yun Sheng, so he can’t chase me. The only worry is the formless hands...”


 Fang Yuan thought of every possible scenario with his understanding of the whole situation.


 Wind whistled past, Giant Sun’s immortal essence was already within reach!



***
Chapter 639


***





 Chapter 639: Giant Sun flaunts his might, Fang Yuan receives help


 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Seeing that he was about to succeed, Fang Yuan’s lips curled into a faint smile.


 But that did not stop unexpected events from happening.


 Wisdom Gu quickly descended, as the light of wisdom shrouded Fang Yuan.


 Once he entered the wisdom halo, Fang Yuan’s thoughts were created and destroyed intensely, he aged rapidly.


 “This?!” Fang Yuan was shocked, raising his head to take a look, he saw wisdom Gu descending towards himself.


 Meanwhile, Giant Sun’s will which had lost a huge portion of its body shrunk into a tiny ball and followed closely after.


 In reality, Giant Sun’s will knew that if he took a detour around wisdom Gu, he would not be able to stop Fang Yuan. Thus, he forcefully got close to wisdom Gu and used a technique to send it flying.


 Although wisdom Gu countered Giant Sun’s will, Giant Sun’s will was large enough and after paying a huge price, he could barely come into contact with wisdom Gu by risking his life.


 This way, wisdom Gu was like a rubber ball flying straight for Fang Yuan, it became greatly troublesome for Fang Yuan now.


 “As expected of Giant Sun!” Seeing wisdom Gu approaching himself, Fang Yuan could not help but praise Giant Sun’s will’s decision.


 He laughed heartily, his heart was extremely resolute.


 If you, Giant Sun, could make such a sacrifice, why can’t I, Gu Yue Fang Yuan?


 Thus, Fang Yuan endured the light of wisdom and used his method to sweep away all of the falling immortal essence of Giant Sun!


 Immediately afterwards, he used wind flower Gu to change his direction, moving to the side and trying to get away from wisdom Gu.


 Wisdom Gu continued to descend, as Fang Yuan narrowly passed by it.


 “Cough cough cough...” Fang Yuan coughed non stop, he was finally out of the range of the light of wisdom. But his face no longer had the appearance of a young man, anyone who saw him would think he was a middle aged man.


 The closer one was to wisdom Gu, the more intense the light of wisdom would be.


 Earlier when Fang Yuan was inside the true inheritance secluded domain, he was still a great number of steps away from wisdom Gu, but in just a few breaths’ time, he lost two years of his life.


 Earlier, he was so close to wisdom Gu, and had endured the light of wisdom for such a long time, thus he lost more than ten years of lifespan.


 Ordinary people only had a hundred years of lifespan.


 In order to snatch Giant Sun’s immortal essence, Fang Yuan paid a heavy price!


 “Little scoundrel, die!” Drawing an arc in the air like lightning, Giant Sun’s will pounced like an eagle.


 Fang Yuan immediately felt an intense sensation of danger and death assaulting him, at the crucial moment, he only had time to activate six arm heavenly zombie king.


 Bam!


 With a loud bang, Fang Yuan was swatted like a fly.


 Crashing down like a meteor, he landed heavily on the ground, forming a huge crater.


 Rocks were sent flying as dust clouds formed.


 Fang Yuan was lying in the deepest part of the crater, he regained his senses three breaths of time later.


 Out of his eight arms, six were broken. His entire back was in a terrible state, his spine and ribcages could be seen. He was dizzy, he could barely think — the attack of Giant Sun’s will earlier had not just targeted his body, but a large amount of special wills entered his mind, trying to destroy it and affect his cognitive ability!


 While only barely conscious, Fang Yuan actually dodged without thinking about it.


 The next moment, Giant Sun’s will in the form of a huge golden axe swung down from high in the sky, cutting away Fang Yuan’s left arm and left leg.


 If Fang Yuan did not dodge in time, perhaps he would have been split into two by this attack.


 As his consciousness recovered, Fang Yuan quickly used his sole remaining palm to support himself, his immense strength pushing his body out of the crater.


 But as he was doing so, Giant Sun’s will turned into a huge golden hammer, flying into the sky and slamming towards Fang Yuan.


 Bam!


 Fang Yuan was like a giant elephant who was hit while running, his ribcage was completely broken while his intestines were crushed to bits due to the impact.


 At the same time, in his mind, he was invaded by Giant Sun’s will again, as he fell into greater confusion.


 Fang Yuan was like a rubber ball that was slammed on the ground, he rolled along the ground as he flew, causing a long trail to appear on the ground where he was sent flying.


 The intense collision caused his clothes to be torn, and he was covered in dust.


 Eventually, he sprawled on the ground weakly, motionless. His broken bones and hanging flesh were all exposed, as blood flowed, they were not red, instead, his blood had a deep green color due to six arm heavenly zombie king.


 His expression was distorted, his fangs were exposed as he struggled in pain.


 At this moment, there was a huge battle in Fang Yuan’s mind, the battle of wills was intense, and Giant Sun’s will had the upper hand.


 Fang Yuan was taking a beating passively, although he resisted stubbornly, he could barely think clearly now.


 Only after he exterminated the portion of Giant Sun’s will in his mind could he reawaken and regain his consciousness.


 But Giant Sun’s will would not give him such a chance.


 It condensed into a golden sword, sixteen meters long and six meters wide, it gave off an indomitable aura, and had the ability to judge all beings.


 “This, this is Giant Sun’s will’s true battle strength? This is too terrifying...” Far away, Hei Lou Lan held the unconscious Tai Bai Yun Sheng as he said with a tongue-tied expression.


 Giant Sun’s will had refined many Immortal Gu, and was struck by wisdom Gu and also attacked by a group of over twenty Gu Immortals, in the end, he had to make a sacrifice and forcefully charge ahead to send wisdom Gu flying.


 After all these, he had suffered great injuries, his mass was a miniscule fraction compared to the time he was slumbering.


 But even so, Fang Yuan had no way of fighting back. And without using a single Immortal Gu, no wonder Hei Lou Lan watched with such nervousness, this battle strength was simply too terrifying!


 But immediately after, Hei Lou Lan calmed down: “No, the special will is not this strong. But earlier, Ancestor Giant Sun struck at the perfect moment, while he was unprepared, he dealt a serious blow. The scoundrel wanted to retaliate, but he could not think as his mind was already invaded by the special will, falling into chaos. If he was prepared and had ample time to react, it would not have ended this way!”


 “The main factor was because he inherited Old Ancestor’s battle experience, he is ruthless and decisive, once he finds an opening, he would strike at the opponent’s weakness and give him no chance of fighting back! Especially the will invading the mind, this is too scary, it is simply impossible to fight back. It seems that I need to be careful about this when fighting a wisdom path Gu Master!”


 Hei Lou Lan reminded himself as he landed slowly on the ground.


 He looked at the sword of will, it was floating and eventually landed above Fang Yuan, the tip of the blade was right on top of his brain.


 “This guy is finished.” Hei Lou Lan muttered softly; the great foe before him had landed in such a state because of a mistake that was strictly not his fault. He felt some relief, some joy, and even a slight sadness.


 The strength of Giant Sun’s will was due to the battle experience that it had inherited from Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.


 Although Fang Yuan had five hundred years of experience, in this aspect, Giant Sun’s will was much stronger than him and had much greater experience.


 Once Giant Sun’s will gets a chance, he would attack consecutively and gain the upper hand, expanding on his advantage and preventing Fang Yuan from recovering any of his footing!


 Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was not only lucky, this aspect of him displayed his invincible nature, his firm and domineering battle talent.


 “It’s over.” Hei Lou Lan looked at Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was in his arms.


 Inside the wind veil of assimilation, he was Fang Yuan’s only ally, but now he was unconscious.


 Hei Lou Lan threw him onto the ground casually, his gaze fixed on the sword of Giant Sun’s will.


 Without hesitation, the sword of Giant Sun’s will shot down soundlessly, the tip of the sword pointed at Fang Yuan’s brain.


 Even though Fang Yuan was in six arm heavenly zombie king state, and had transformed into the body of a zombie, but once his head was pierced, Giant Sun’s will would completely destroy his brain, along with his entire soul.


 This was a truly fatal blow!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had fainted, Fang Yuan was unconscious, he had no way to fight back.


 But just when the sword’s tip was about to reach Fang Yuan’s forehead, with just an inch away, a water wall suddenly appeared.


 At the same time, a shrill woman’s voice could be heard: “With me here, don’t think of taking his life!”


 “Who is this?” Hei Lou Lan gasped, he looked at the water wall with shock, the surface of the water wall had turned into a spiral, coiling around the sword tip and preventing the sword of Giant Sun’s will from descending.


 At the same time, a strong aura burst out from Fang Yuan’s body.


 Giant Sun’s will pulled back the sword, retreating several hundred steps away rapidly.


 He stood in the air for a moment before saying in a low voice, as he remembered: “It’s you! Over ten thousand years ago, you barged into Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, you were the one who freed fortune rivalling heaven Gu!!”


 Mo Yao laughed delicately: “I’m surprised you remember.”


 Saying this, the water wall turned into a liquid armor that covered Fang Yuan’s body.


 A light blue glow surrounded Fang Yuan, causing his wounds to heal rapidly, his broken limbs, flesh and bones were all rapidly healing.


 Giant Sun’s will was able to remember because Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had recording Gu worms that filmed all that had happened inside it.


 When Mo Yao explored Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, she did not wake up Giant Sun’s will. But this time, after Fang Yuan woke up Giant Sun’s will, he used the respective Gu worms to look through the records, learning what had happened.


 Mo Yao’s voice, appearance, Fang Yuan’s name as well as his wicked deeds inside Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Giant Sun’s will was very aware of all of them, that was why he was able to expose the secret of the Chang Shan Yin impersonation.


 Giant Sun’s will was extremely furious: “You unscrupulous and shameless thieves, you have been targeting my True Yang Building for tens of thousands of years! Die!”


 Giant Sun’s will attacked with rage, the golden sword flew like lightning, piercing the air and drawing a golden rainbow in the air.


 The rainbow hit the liquid armor, causing ripples on it, but could not pierce the armor’s protection.


 Fang Yuan slowly woke up.


 “This is... the rank seven Immortal Gu House Water Pavilion?” He looked at the liquid armor on him and realized.


 It turns out that since an unknown time ago, Water Pavilion had been on him.


 When he was in a chaotic state and his life was at risk, Mo Yao’s will activated Water Pavilion and protected him.


 Giant Sun’s will could control Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Mo Yao’s will could naturally manipulate Water Pavilion.


 Eighty-Eight True Yang Building had Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s yellow apricot immortal essence, how could Water Pavilion not have Fairy Mo Yao’s red date immortal essence?


 “Lad, you are finally awake. The immortal essence that my main body had left behind is limited, Water Pavilion’s consumption is too great, quickly take over the battle, I will defend your mind!” Mo Yao’s will said.



***
Chapter 640 - Fang Yuan vs Giant Sun’s will (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Hmph, I could escape death all thanks to you, fairy!” Fang Yuan squinted, his eyes shining with cold light.


 He loosened his joints, rubbing his palms as his newly born bones creaked, his battle intent surged again!


 “If you want to repay me, return Water Pavilion to Spirit Affinity House.” Mo Yao’s will sighed: “Quickly battle!”


 “Hahaha, okay!” Fang Yuan howled, jumping up.


 He had turned into six arm heavenly zombie king form, it had great physical strength. With green eyes and fangs, he looked extremely vicious and ruthless.


 The water armor shrunk into a lump, before turning into a helmet, protecting his head. This way, he was no longer afraid of Giant Sun’s will’s mental attack.


 Without any worries left, Fang Yuan took huge steps forward, raising his fists and punching at Giant Sun’s will!


 Swoosh.


 The expected impact did not occur, instead, there was a light sound.


 Giant Sun’s will was very experienced, he did not fight with Fang Yuan directly. At the crucial moment, the sword turned into a golden ribbon and coiled around Fang Yuan’s wrist lightly, before flying away like a flash of light.


 Fang Yuan’s hammer-like fist was cut apart around the wrist and fell on the ground.


 Even with the defense of Fang Yuan’s six arm heavenly zombie king, it could not match Giant Sun’s will’s sharpness.


 Fang Yuan rolled away and quickly picked up his hand.


 The injury on his arm was oozing with green blood slowly. Fang Yuan paid attention to Giant Sun’s will while pressing the fist back onto the wound on his arm.


 The flesh on the wound quickly mended and healed, even the bones started to join together.


 This was the strong regenerative ability of six arm heavenly zombie king.


 But why would Giant Sun’s will give Fang Yuan time to recover? The will turned into a sword resembling a rainbow and charged at Fang Yuan again.


 Fang Yuan squinted, he pushed with his legs as his body shot into the sky.


 The sword rainbow followed closely behind him, chasing relentlessly.


 Fang Yuan activated four eagle rise Gu at the same time, but the sword rainbow was faster, as their distance was pulled closer.


 Fang Yuan activated wind flower Gu again.


 He had already lost track of which wind flower Gu this was, all in all, he had already expended a lot of them.


 Wind flower Gu allowed Fang Yuan to change directions rapidly, but the sword rainbow of will was even more agile, not only did their distance not become larger, the rainbow made use of this chance to catch up to Fang Yuan.


 At once, the two sides fought intensely in the air, exchanging blows.


 The sword rainbow of will drew a golden arc in the air, circling around Fang Yuan and attacking from time to time.


 Fang Yuan was completely at a disadvantage, six arm heavenly zombie king’s strong defense was extremely weak when matched against the sword rainbow of will.


 Flesh kept falling from the sky.


 These were all cut off from Fang Yuan’s body by the sword rainbow of will.


 Thankfully, after activating six arm heavenly zombie king, Fang Yuan lost his sense of pain. Together with Water Pavilion as a helmet, Giant Sun’s will did not manage to succeed in attacking Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “You’re not making any progress!” Seeing that Fang Yuan was not taking back the lead, in fact he was taking more of a beating and finding fewer and fewer chances to retaliate, Mo Yao’s will was getting anxious.


 “Easy for you to say!” Fang Yuan snorted, his gaze becoming more ruthless.


 Giant Sun’s will was different from ordinary enemies, he hardly had any mass and was extremely quick, even when turning. Fang Yuan’s flying master attainment was nothing compared to it.


 Giant Sun’s will did not have a fixed form, it could turn into a sword rainbow to cut, an axe to chop, a rain of needles for a wide range attack, or even a hammer for a strong blow.


 The most troublesome thing was that he could split and form at will. Suddenly, he could split into two or three sword rainbows and do a pincer attack, distracting Fang Yuan. At times, he could turn into one hammer and one sword. The hammer would strike at Fang Yuan’s defense while the sword would shoot like lightning, all sorts of combinations were used flexibly, with absolutely no errors.


 One could say, he fully displayed the advantages and abilities of a will in battle.


 Meanwhile, Fang Yuan had been reborn, and walked on the strength and enslavement paths. He was skilled at fighting head on, attacking fists with fists, or using numbers to suppress the enemy.


 But meeting this kind of enemy was something he had no methods to deal with.


 He was at a disadvantage, taking hits passively, that was very natural.


 In the sky, Fang Yuan’s green-black figure clashed with Giant Sun’s will’s golden rainbow, forming a large battle arena.


 Great numbers of Gu worms were still flying around, their instincts were telling them to give way to Fang Yuan and Giant Sun’s will, while avoiding the attacks of the formless hands.


 “Even though so many Gu worms flew out, there are still countless Gu worm groups left here, I cannot begin to imagine how many Immortal Gu were used to form Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.” Ye Lui Sang raised his head and sighed, the injuries on his body had mostly healed.


 At the crucial moment, his status of being the leader of a super tribe worked, Ye Lui Sang obtained the help of other Gu Masters.


 “There are not many formless hands left, although we have lost many Gu worms, there are so many Gu worms here, we can capture them now and regain our battle strength!” Some Gu Masters suggested.


 This suggestion was quickly supported by the other Gu Masters: “We need to work together sincerely, we need to be fast! The wind veil of assimilation is getting thicker, it is spreading and the space in here will continue to shrink.”


 Hei Lou Lan looked at the unconscious Tai Bai Yun Sheng, walking over: “The wind veil of assimilation is not something us mortals can deal with, to escape with our lives, we need Ancestor Giant Sun’s strength!”


 Everyone was silent.


 Above them, in the air, Fang Yuan and Giant Sun’s will were engaging in fierce combat, at times, furious growls and shouting could be heard.


 Be it Fang Yuan or Giant Sun’s will’s terrifying battle strength, everyone was scared, they subconsciously avoided those two and did not want to interfere in the battle of these two top experts.


 But Hei Lou Lan’s words were extremely true.


 Relying on the mortal Gu that they subdue, no matter how many they have, they cannot break the wind veil of assimilation.


 Hei Lou Lan asked again: “Don’t worry, how can this scoundrel be Ancestor Giant Sun’s match? Can’t you see that ancestor is having the upper hand all along?”


 Everyone’s eyes were shining. The battle situation was very visible in the sky, everyone could clearly tell what was happening.


 Hei Lou Lan changed the direction of the conversation: “Although ancestor has the upper hand, he cannot turn the advantage into victory. The root of the problem is that ancestor’s immortal essence has been completely taken by that scoundrel, ancestor has over a dozen Immortal Gu, but he cannot use any of them.”


 Everyone nodded, they agreed with Hei Lou Lan’s analysis.


 Ye Lui Sang asked: “Then what do we do next?”


 Hei Lou Lan laughed heartily, displaying Tai Bai Yun Sheng in his hands: “I have captured this old thief, he is that guy’s senior brother, they share a tight bond. Our ability is limited, we can only try to help old ancestor. My suggestion is still the same, we should capture Gu worms first to increase our strength! In order to cooperate well, we should report all of the Gu worms that we have now! I will start.”


 Gu Masters were normally very secretive about the Gu worms that they owned.


 This was important information, once it was exposed, others could use it against them and they might lose their lives.


 However, this was a special circumstance where their lives were about to be lost.


 Thus, everyone could only do this to increase the hopes of their survival.


 Hei Lou Lan was a natural leader and had a fierce reputation, as he took the lead to expose his own Gu worms, the remaining Gu Masters followed along and Hei Lou Lan was able to recruit these people into his force once again.


 Hei Lou Lan had great ambitions.


 He wanted to ascend to immortal and needed a strength path Immortal Gu for it, thus he needed to rely on Giant Sun’s will. These people were the pawns that he needed to fulfill his ambition.


 In the sky, the battle was already at its climax.


 “I’ve caught you!” Fang Yuan howled, pouncing down as his six arms that were tougher than steel grabbed the sword made of Giant Sun’s will at lightning speed.


 But Giant Sun’s will instantly split apart, Fang Yuan’s long awaited counterattack only destroyed a bit of his thoughts.


 “Damn it!” Fang Yuan cursed, Giant Sun’s will could split and gather together, it was agile beyond belief, Fang Yuan did not have methods to deal with him, thus most of the time he could only be a punching bag without any feasible counterattacks, he did not manage to make any progress.


 “Sigh, if there is no other choice, we can only undergo a drawn out battle.” Mo Yao’s will said: “Giant Sun’s will has no source of energy, during the battle, he needs to think, that will accelerate the collision of his thoughts and thus the expenditure of them.”


 Fang Yuan was concentrating on the fight while denying Mo Yao’s suggestion: “We cannot afford to drag this on! Don’t forget six arm heavenly zombie king’s weakness, it can only be used for thirty minutes. Once that time passes, the backlash of the killer move would make me a zombie. If I completely turn into six arm heavenly zombie king form, the entire body would be zombified and both my apertures including my immortal aperture would lose all life force, my cultivation will be cut off from advancing further!”


 Mo Yao retorted: “You underestimate yourself, don’t forget that you are a strength path Gu Immortal, the essence of your life has undergone a qualitative change. Thus, the time that you can use the killer move has also been extended, it is far from thirty minutes. My rough estimate is that you have about an hour in length!”


 “Even so, we cannot delay this, don’t forget that the wind veil of assimilation is getting thicker, shrinking the space in here. My methods cannot counter the special will, does your Water Pavilion have any methods?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Mo Yao heaved a long sigh: “Although Water Pavilion is a rank seven Immortal Gu House, it is not skilled at attacking, but rather, its ability lies in concealment and movement. Most importantly, my main body only left behind twenty or so beads of red date immortal essence. After sustaining the Immortal Gu House’s operations over the years, there are only five left. If you want to use Water Pavilion to turn this around, you should dispel this thought! Watch out!!”


 Mo Yao suddenly alerted, but it was too late.


 Giant Sun’s will feigned an attack and attracted most of Fang Yuan’s attention, but it suddenly made a turn and got behind him, attacking brutally.


 Fang Yuan vomited out a mouthful of green zombie blood, his eight eagle wings were smashed to bits, and his spine was completely shattered, his back was caved in and his chest was caving out of his body.


 The intense force caused him to descend rapidly.


 Fang Yuan quickly mobilized his Gu worm, attempting to fly into the sky.


 But why would Giant Sun’s will give him this chance?


 It would beat the dog while it was down, the golden rainbow coiled around Fang Yuan as it attacked. Fang Yuan raised his eight arms to cover his whole body while curling up and was barely able to protect himself.


 Giant Sun’s will changed shape freely, slashing, cutting, slamming, piercing, all sorts of attacks caused Fang Yuan’s eight arms to be destroyed, the six arm heavenly zombie king’s body was tattered as there were many injuries on him from the front to back.


 Fortunately, Fang Yuan had turned into six arm heavenly zombie king form, otherwise with his human body, he would have already had a tragic death.


 Fighting with Giant Sun’s will gave Fang Yuan great pressure, only by using six arm heavenly zombie king non-stop could he barely keep up.



***
Chapter 641 - Fang Yuan vs Giant Sun’s will (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan had, just a moment ago, conversed with Mo Yao’s will and these few sentences were exchanged at lightning speed. Unfortunately, Giant Sun’s will noticed this tiny moment and attacked at the point when Fang Yuan was slightly distracted.


 Giant Sun’s will had incredible methods at controlling the fight, he was even stronger than Fang Yuan at grasping battle opportunities!


 Bam!


 A loud bang.


 Fang Yuan crashed on the ground harshly, rocks were sent flying and the ground was shaking slightly.


 Giant Sun’s will followed closely after.


 Adding salt to the wound!


 It turned into a golden sword again, the blade was extremely sharp and fast, it stabbed after leaving a golden trail in the air.


 Fang Yuan had no way to resist, at the crucial moment, Mo Yao’s will manipulated Water Pavilion and turned it back into a liquid armor, preserving Fang Yuan’s life.


 Giant Sun’s will stabbed again and again, causing huge ripples to appear on the liquid armor.


 “Quick, quickly stand up!” Mo Yao’s will shouted anxiously.


 Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, he used his remaining left arm to support his body off the ground, enduring the strong impact of Giant Sun’s will’s as he stood up.


 “It is useless, you cannot kill me. I have stored all of your own, Giant Sun’s, immortal essence in my immortal aperture! Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed crazily, attempting to break Giant Sun’s will’s fighting spirit.


 But his words caused it to become even more furious.


 The attacks became faster, he was stabbing at several times the original frequency!


 Crack crack crack...


 Because he had exceeded his limit, Giant Sun’s will’s thoughts were destroying themselves too.


 But because of the furious attacks, the liquid armor could not defend against it, occasionally, the sword would pierce through.


 Fang Yuan laughed unceasingly, as he protected his brain. In addition, as long as his mind was protected, he would not be invaded by Giant Sun’s will, he did not care how many times his organs were stabbed.


 The liquid armor was pierced through continuously, but also recovered rapidly. Emitting a blue glow, Fang Yuan’s body was nourished as his injuries healed.


 “Quickly dodge, at this rate, my immortal essence is expending too rapidly!” Mo Yao’s will reminded him frantically.


 “No! This is a rare chance!! We have to endure it!” Fang Yuan refused, standing at the same spot enduring the frantic attacks of Giant Sun’s will: “Even if your immortal essence is used up, you can lend Water Pavilion to me, I still have over twenty green grape immortal essence beads! Giant Sun’s will went crazy, he is doing something very stupid, that is to consume his own thoughts for strong attacks. At this rate, the amount of thoughts he destroys would surpass the damage I have been dealing to him.”


 “This...” Mo Yao’s will went into deep hesitation.


 The two were expending resources intensively, falling into a stalemate.


 “Should we go and assist old ancestor?” Gu tribe leader Gu Guo Long asked.


 While Fang Yuan was fighting Giant Sun’s will, Hei Lou Lan led everyone and captured many Gu worms, they had recovered their battle strength.


 The reason they were able to capture Gu worms so easily was because there were still many Gu worms inside the wind veil, meanwhile, the number of formless hands was decreasing.


 With Gu worms in their possession, they were no longer scared.


 In addition, because they saw that Fang Yuan was on the ground taking hits from Giant Sun’s will, not just Gu Guo Long, the other Gu Masters were also moved and wanted to go in and fight.


 Hei Lou Lan was silent, watching the surroundings.


 The wind veil of assimilation continued to spread, the wind walls getting thicker as the space inside was unceasingly being squeezed between.


 Out of their survival instincts, Gu worms could only fly inwards. Thus, the density of Gu worms became even higher, they were all over the place.


 In fact, sometimes, a Gu Master only needed to stretch out his hand and grab beside him to capture a Gu worm.


 Crack crack...


 On the ground below, cracks started forming, this was a sign that the area was collapsing.


 Far away.


 A huge spherical light halo was created again.


 Wisdom Gu, which had been sent flying by Giant Sun’s will earlier, seemed to have sensed the danger of extermination as it exerted all of its strength to defy its fate, preventing other existences from getting near it.


 All this showed that: There was not much time left!


 Hei Lou Lan decided not to wait anymore, he nodded and shouted: “Everyone listen to my command, we will attack together, do not cause internal conflict and weaken our offensive!”


 Everyone nodded, their expressions were serious.


 To them, killing Fang Yuan was the same as surviving this crisis.


 However, just when Hei Lou Lan and the others were about to strike, Giant Sun’s will suddenly laughed loudly: “Fang Yuan, you have fallen into my trap!”


 Saying this, he retreated quickly.


 Wills had almost no mass, he retreated as he liked, taking a huge number of steps back in the blink of an eye.


 “What?” Fang Yuan’s pupils shrunk, he saw a formless hand grabbing at him.


 He shouted in shock: “Seven fingered formless hand!”


 It turns out, when Giant Sun’s will was pretending to fight with Fang Yuan, even using self-destruction to lure Fang Yuan into tanking the hits, his frenzied attacks were only to attract all of Fang Yuan’s attention, to obscure his vision so that this formless hand could be lured over.


 In the wind veil, although there were decreasing numbers of formless hands, a large number of them still remained.


 Giant Sun’s will lacked immortal essence, he could not use Immortal Gu, but he had never relied on Hei Lou Lan and the others, his plan was to use the external force called formless hands.


 He split out a small portion of his will, carrying several Immortal Gu to attract the formless hand.


 The formless hand was faster than Giant Sun’s will, Giant Sun’s will thus split up into ten wills that carried Immortal Gu each at regular intervals. Once the formless hand got near, he would destroy the Immortal Gu!


 The formless hand did not have any gains, after feeling the aura of the next Immortal Gu, it would go over.


 This way, after Giant Sun’s will lost eight Immortal Gu, the formless hand was finally lured over.


 “Quickly dodge it!” Mo Yao’s will screamed.


 “It’s too late!!” Fang Yuan had already darted away, simultaneously activating eagle rise Gu. But it was no use, he needed time to accelerate, but the formless hand had already arrived.


 At the moment of life and death, Mo Yao’s will sighed gloomily, she suddenly activated Water Pavilion and had it leave Fang Yuan, crashing towards the seven fingered formless hand.


 The seven fingered formless hand grabbed, and immediately took away the rank seven Immortal Gu that formed part of Water Pavilion, water harmony Gu, away.


 Water Pavilion was a rank seven Immortal Gu House, it was made up of over three thousand Gu worms, each of the Gu worms were interlinked and connected to each other.


 Their core was the rank seven water harmony Immortal Gu.


 Other than that, there were two supporting Immortal Gu, the rank six movement Immortal Gu Worldly Wave Trace, and the wisdom path Immortal Gu Delight in Water and Mountain.


 Right now, the one and only core, water harmony Immortal Gu, was taken away by the formless hand, Water Pavilion broke down immediately!


 “Hahaha, let’s see what you can use to block me now!” Giant Sun’s will laughed continuously, he paid a huge price and obtained the result he wanted to see.


 The formless fist carried the water harmony Gu and flew into the sky.


 “Quickly destroy it!” Mo Yao’s will screamed, the remainder of the over three thousand Gu worms carried red date immortal essence as they floated around Fang Yuan.


 Without her reminder, Fang Yuan had already begun to do that.


 He used all of his movement Gu, chasing the formless fist and attacking fiercely.


 Giant Sun’s will snorted, blocking them.


 “We will strike too!” Hei Lou Lan and the others saw the good chance and came to join in, attempting to thwart Fang Yuan’s plans.


 “You’ve come at the right time!!” Giant Sun’s will praised loudly, he changed his battle tactic and stopped blocking Fang Yuan, turning into a bright rainbow and attacking him instead.


 Fang Yuan was faced with the Gu Masters’ attacks, but he did not mind it, he could use six arm heavenly zombie king to resist them.


 But Giant Sun’s will’s attacks were very threatening to him.


 Giant Sun’s will did not block Fang Yuan at all, his battle tactic was — go ahead and chase it, I’ll let you! In the process of chasing it, I will kill you!


 Water Pavilion was broken apart, Mo Yao’s will could no longer provide him any defense.


 Fang Yuan got into an even more dangerous situation, Hei Lou Lan and the others’ attacks were troublesome, they hindered his speed.


 Pop!


 Giant Sun’s will slammed, turning into a monk’s spade as he changed directions, cutting the Gu worms circulating around Fang Yuan into two segments.


 “Oh no, my red date immortal essence!” Mo Yao was caught off guard, not only were many Gu worms destroyed by Giant Sun’s will, the red date immortal essence was taken by Giant Sun’s will.


 There were already few red date immortal essence left, now they were completely gone, Mo Yao was stunned.


 “Mo Yao, I’ll open my aperture, quickly come in!!” Fang Yuan shouted, retreating rapidly at the same time.


 The technique of Giant Sun’s will was ongoing and he could not give chase immediately, Fang Yuan was able to pull some distance.


 He snorted, flying over quickly in pursuit.


 During this time, Mo Yao’s will moved the remaining Immortal Gu and together with them entered Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 “Quickly lend worldly wave trace Gu to me!” Fang Yuan urged.


 Mo Yao’s will did not hesitate at all, shouting: “Since I have no immortal essence left anyway, I’ll lend these Gu to you.”


 Although Fang Yuan had obtained many Immortal Gu earlier, he did not have time to refine them, he could only suppress them with his will.


 There were only two Gu he did not suppress with his will, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s Man as Before and Landscape as Before.


 It was a pity that he did not obtain Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s permission, thus Fang Yuan could not use them.


 After obtaining Mo Yao’s agreement, Fang Yuan immediately used the rank six Immortal Gu.


 He shouted while using one bead of green grape immortal essence, activating Worldly Wave Trace.


 This Gu was like a jellyfish, it was the size of a baby’s fist, wrapping around the green grape immortal essence as it consumed it.


 Swoosh!


 A huge wave appeared below Fang Yuan’s feet, bringing Fang Yuan away at rapid speed, pulling distance away from Giant Sun’s will.


 Worldly Wave Trace was a rank six Immortal Gu. Although Fang Yuan was not a water path Gu Immortal, he had rank six cultivation and could activate it fully.


 Giant Sun’s will was stunned, this was the first time Fang Yuan was able to shrug him off since the battle began.


 But he was merely slightly shocked, snickering immediately after: “If this was the outside world, I would be helpless against you. But inside this wind veil of assimilation, the space is becoming more limited. Go ahead and run, as time passes, I will eventually catch you! Give up on struggling, you destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building and ruined Imperial Court blessed land, and you still want to leave? Hmph, don’t think of the impossible, you are dead meat!”


 “Don’t worry, if I die, I will drag all of you with me, don’t think of leaving unscathed!” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his green face and sharp fangs made him look extremely vile and ruthless.


 “Then come and battle, don’t run away if you have the guts!” Although Giant Sun’s will could not catch up to Fang Yuan, he chased behind with menacing killing intent.


 Fang Yuan did not dare to fight it!


 He did not have Water Pavilion to protect his brain, once he exposes a weakness in battle, Giant Sun’s will would invade his mind.


 By then, he would fall into confusion again and be unable to think. He would be meat on the chopping block, without any way to fight back.


 However, Giant Sun’s will’s earlier words were not wrong.


 As the wind veil of assimilation spreads, the space would get smaller. Eventually, it would become small to the extent where Fang Yuan cannot dodge, and would be killed by Giant Sun’s will.



***
Chapter 642 - Thirty-Eight Sealing Arts


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Giant Sun, I admit your power. But don’t forget that all of your Giant Sun’s immortal essence is in my immortal aperture. Without any immortal essence, how will you use Immortal Gu? You have no chance of breaking through the wind veil of assimilation just by relying on your special will!” Fang Yuan’s thoughts were racing as he attempted to negotiate with Giant Sun’s will.


 “Want to negotiate? Hahaha!” Giant Sun’s will laughed loudly, not concealing the hatred within, “Why would I negotiate with you? Won’t it be the same if I kill you and seize the immortal essence back from your immortal aperture? Why don’t you try to destroy the immortal essence, you might even succeed.”


 Giant Sun’s will was self-confident.


 It was not that the immortal essence could not be destroyed, but at the moment it was not possible.


 If Fang Yuan destroyed the immortal essence in his own immortal aperture, the foreign immortal essence would inflict serious harm to his immortal aperture; this would be the same as seeking his own doom!


 If he destroyed the immortal essence outside his body, the scattered immortal essence aura would instead help Giant Sun’s will to activate Immortal Gu.


 “Fang Yuan, I won’t compromise. You can’t fight me and can’t escape either. What can you still do? Just let it be, die quickly!” Giant Sun’s will taunted while chasing.


 Fang Yuan did not respond and only concentrated on fleeing.


 As time passed, the wind veil of assimilation was creeping closer; it made no sound, but it devoured everything in its path, assimilating everything.


 The space Fang Yuan could flee to was shrinking. As Giant Sun’s will intercepted his paths, Fang Yuan was facing great dangers all around him.


 “Giant Sun’s will, I will stand here, do you dare to come?” Fang Yuan suddenly stood still and stopped using worldly wave trace Immortal Gu.


 Giant Sun’s will, however, stopped chasing; they were still hundreds of steps afar, but it did not dare to move closer.


 “Hmph, I already expected you would make such a choice.” He scoffed in disdain, “But so what? You are only delaying your death by a few moments. I will watch as you die!”


 The area Fang Yuan was standing on was the area covered by the light of wisdom.


 The light of wisdom was the bane of Giant Sun’s will; Giant Sun’s will could only stop its chase.


 Through this intense battle, its remaining will was only the volume of an adult man, and could no longer endure any more severe exhaustion.


 “Fang Yuan, your lifespan!!” Mo Yao’s will warned.


 “There is no other way, tell me, what else can I do in this situation?” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, his tone filled with hatred and extreme helplessness.


 Standing in the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan could clearly feel his lifespan was decreasing unceasingly, but he did not have any other choice. Giant Sun’s will hated him to the extreme and gave him no chance to make compromises.


 “Sigh...” Mo Yao’s will heaved a long sigh, “This is simply a struggle at death’s door. Perhaps wisdom Gu might stop sending out the light of wisdom in the next moment.”


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 Giant Sun’s will suddenly shouted to Hei Lou Lan’s group: “Go deal with this thief! Most of his defensive Gu have already perished in our fight! Force him nearer to wisdom Gu where the light of wisdom is much stronger; his life span will be used up even faster. Let me see how much lifespan he can waste!!”


 Hei Lou Lan’s group accepted the order immediately.


 Even Hei Lou Lan with his Great Strength True Martial Physique did not want to fight Fang Yuan in close combat.


 They had long ago discussed as appropriate and right now, all of them used long range attacks.


 Inside the light of wisdom, Fang Yuan gave a cold snort and used his Gu to counterattack with his own long range attacks while maintaining defensive Gu.


 Four to five layers of light barriers covered his body, tens of bone shields hovered around him, and occasionally, stone barriers emerged from the ground to shield him from the attacks of Hei Lou Lan’s group.


 Ordinary defensive mortal Gu were not of much use against Giant Sun’s will. But they were still effective in dealing with these mortal Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan cultivated strength path and was not specialized in long range battle. However, he had no shortage of long range attacking Gu worms, it was only that they did not follow a proper fighting system.


 More importantly, he had unlimited primeval essence. Thus, he was not at any disadvantage and the situation was even many times better compared to when he fought with Giant Sun’s will.


 “Speed up the attacks, don’t stop for even a moment! Even if he has unlimited primeval essence, mortal Gu cannot be activated non-stop!” Hei Lou Lan shouted.


 “Right! Mortal Gu are not Immortal Gu and have a limit to what they can endure, activating them unceasingly will only cause them to collapse.” Ye Lui Sang also added.


 They were tribe leaders of Hei tribe and Ye Lui tribe, they understood the situation deeply.


 Gu were the essence of heaven and earth, carriers of the Great Dao. Essentially, they were tools.


 Every tool has their own respective usage. The more they were used, and when the burden on them crosses the limit, they will start breaking down.


 When mortal Gu Masters used mortal Gu, they could only activate the Gu worms a few times because of the limitations in primeval essence, thus this flaw was not too evident. When Gu Immortals activated mortal Gu, this issue would become conspicuous.


 However, after some time, Hei Lou Lan’s group’s hopes came to nothing.


 “Why does he have so many Gu worms?” Someone shouted in an incredulous tone.


 The quantity of Fang Yuan’s Gu worms surpassed their imagination. During the course of the fight, he switched Gu worms one after another as if it was very natural and effortless.


 “Even if he has a mysterious origin and made prior preparations for Gu Immortal advancement, preparing many mortal Gu, a mortal aperture is not able to hold so many Gu.” No one could explain this no matter what they thought of and were bewildered.


 “Could it be...” Giant Sun’s will recalled the scene of Fang Yuan opening a stargate.


 Fang Yuan had opened a stargate within Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, thus Giant Sun’s will knew it clearly.


 “It seems he relied on that gateway to leave Imperial Court blessed land and obtained significant support!” Giant Sun’s will was very experienced and knowledgeable, immediately realizing the usage of the stargate when it thought of hole earth Gu and connecting heaven Gu.


 It was thanks to Fang Yuan having Hu Immortal blessed land behind him that he was able to purchase large numbers of mortal Gu from treasure yellow heaven.


 Although he had given most of them to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he had also left many for himself.


 Fang Yuan’s naturally cautious nature of being prepared for anything had paid off at this moment.


 “Hmph, you borrowed external strength. Unfortunately, your opponent is me!” Giant Sun’s will gave a cold snort before suddenly making a move.


 He pierced the air at lightning speed.


 He did not move into the light of wisdom but shot towards the Gu worms.


 Several breaths later, he appeared above Hei Lou Lan’s group and dropped a large group of mortal Gu.


 “Take it. I am going to impart a killer move to you!” Giant Sun’s will split itself into a dozen or so parts which covered the Gu worms and directly moved into everyone’s apertures.


 Every person received thirty-eight Gu.


 These mortal Gu had already been refined by Giant Sun’s will.


 Under the coordination of Giant Sun’s will, the group was able to immediately refine the Gu worms and learn the killer move through the directions of the special will.


 “This killer move!” Hei Lou Lan’s group showed expressions of joy and shock when they comprehended the killer move.


 “It is just a small trick my main body created when I had inspiration during my leisure time, I have not given it name yet.” Giant Sun’s will said in a light tone, “Now is a good time to use it, for the time being let’s call it Thirty-Eight Sealing Arts.”


 Hei Lou Lan’s group immediately activated the killer move, breathing out rays of purple light qi from their mouths.


 Fang Yuan’s eyes narrowed and he immediately dodged them.


 But he had limited space and the purple light qi mixed in with other attacks, as such he was still struck.


 “So it was like this, this killer move’s effect is this...” Fang Yuan’s expression changed slightly.


 Thirty-eight sealing arts was targeted against Gu worms.


 This concept was not unusual. A Gu Master’s battle strength came mostly from their Gu worms, thus many Gu worms targeted this point like rank four problem nipped in the bud Gu, or rank five pitch black Gu.


 However, this killer move, thirty-eight sealing arts, was much stronger than pitch black Gu. It could contaminate moves that were used by a Gu Master, and all the Gu worms used for it would be sealed one after another.


 This killer move naturally could not seal Immortal Gu. And as for mortal Gu, the higher the rank of the Gu, the shorter the duration of the seal.


 But it could seal them completely, and the Gu worms that formed this killer move were mostly ordinary and could be easily gathered. It touched upon qi path and even if an attacking Gu was used, it could follow the qi back to the source, sealing the Gu.


 This was an exceptional killer move which particularly suited the current situation.


 After Fang Yuan was struck, his defensive Gu were sealed successively.


 The stone barriers were pervaded by the purple light qi, the stone barrier shield Gu were immediately sealed. The white bone shields hovering around Fang Yuan were also shrouded in the purple light qi, falling down one after another, turning back into flying bone shield Gu.


 The windblades Fang Yuan attacked with were touched by purple light qi and even if the corresponding wind blade Gu were inside his aperture, the Gu worms would be covered by a faint layer of dense purple qi and be sealed.


 Historically, sealing defensive Gu was easy while sealing attacking Gu was difficult all because defensive Gu were easier to attack. But thirty-eight sealing arts could deal with both equally.


 Fang Yuan’s Gu worm quantity decreased the more he used them.


 He already did not have a lot of defensive Gu and could not forcibly resist the purple light qi, only able to dodge and evade all over the place.


 But there was only so much space, he would sooner or later run out of space to run to.


 At this moment, Fang Yuan took the initiative to attack the purple light qi. He would rather more of his attacking Gu be sealed, he required defensive Gu to protect his whole body.


 Once the purple light qi touched his six arm heavenly zombie king form, who is to say it might not seal the corresponding Gu worms and break the killer move six arm heavenly zombie king.


 Soon, Fang Yuan’s offensive started becoming sparser as he was suppressed into disadvantage by the crowd of Gu Masters.


 “Kill, kill this demon!” Ye Lui Sang shouted excitedly and sent out hundreds of fireballs; the fireballs detonated in an intense explosion with dust and dirts flying everywhere. Fang Yuan dodged here and there but he was still struck by the explosions, his skin and flesh were torn open.


 “You demon, you are guilty of the most heinous crimes, you went as far as daring to topple True Yang Building! We ended up in this state all because of you!” Gu Guo Long shouted furiously, throwing out endless wind blades that were as sharp as knives and could also chase the target, new cuts were formed on Fang Yuan’s body.


 Rays of purple light qi were also constantly sent out now and then.


 These surviving Gu Masters, more than ten in number, gritted their teeth with eyes filled with fury; they wished they could eat Fang Yuan’s flesh and drink his blood!


 They had painstakingly fought in many battlefields and taken huge risks to arrive at Imperial Court blessed land. It was supposed to have been an enormous opportunity, but they ended up in this plight, almost all of their tribesmen, relatives and friends were dead.


 The disparity from the beginning to the end was too large, it could easily be imagined how much hatred and anger they felt towards the main cause of this disaster.


 “You will die a dog’s death today, this is your end for offending Ancestor Giant Sun!” One Gu Master did not forget to flatter Giant Sun’s will. It was a pity Giant Sun’s will was not human and his expression could not be seen.


 He only reminded everyone: Do not cause harm to wisdom Gu no matter what!



***
Chapter 643 - Final Trump Card


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Giant Sun’s will was too strong.


 Not just his battle strength, but also his deep foundation.


 It inherited some of the Immortal Venerable’s experience, just a killer move created out of boredom drove Fang Yuan into a desperate state again.


 “Damn it, is it time to use Spring Autumn Cicada again?” Fang Yuan gritted his teeth, a thought arising in his mind.


 The first aperture was filled with pressure, the surface of the aperture walls was covered with cracks resembling a spider’s web.


 Spring Autumn Cicada floated in the center, as yellow and green lights flickered on the cicada’s body.


 Fang Yuan was not ignorant, the aperture had obviously reached its limits, it could break the very next second!


 But he quickly dispelled the thought of using Spring Autumn Cicada.


 More and more of his Gu worms were being sealed, his firepower was weakening, Fang Yuan was starting to take hits passively.


 “Come on, why don’t you strike back!” The Gu Masters laughed maniacally.


 “Are you afraid now? Come out and fight if you have the guts!” Someone laughed coldly.


 “You demon, this is your deserved fate, go and die!” Someone cursed.


 Seeing Fang Yuan suppressed by them, they felt unbelievable joy.


 Suddenly, Mo Yao’s will’s frantic voice resounded in Fang Yuan’s mind again: “Oh no! Fang Yuan, zombie speckles are showing up on your body. The death energy is starting to invade your body. If the speckles spread over your whole body, you will turn into a six arm heavenly zombie king for real!”


 An even worse situation had arrived.


 The estimated hour limit had not been reached, but Fang Yuan was already starting to become a zombie.


 A body that is zombified will be completely immersed in death energy, they cannot return to normal.


 Unless he removed the six arm heavenly zombie king killer move now, the zombie speckles would continue to spread.


 “No, once I stop using the killer move, Giant Sun’s will would attack. At this distance, I would not be able to react!” Fang Yuan shook his head, his expression turning solemn.


 Although he had defensive Gu, these mortal Gu were not worth mentioning in front of Giant Sun’s will.


 Only six arm heavenly zombie king could allow Fang Yuan to hold his own.


 Right now, although Giant Sun’s will had not entered the wisdom halo, that was only because the price to pay was too great for a small gain.


 Giant Sun’s will was definitely capable of making sacrifices.


 To attract a seven fingered formless hand, he lost eight Immortal Gu!


 “If I cancel the killer move now, Giant Sun’s will would go all out and kill me regardless of the sacrifice. Once I die, he would take back the immortal essence of Giant Sun, I cannot take this risk!” Fang Yuan’s attitude was firm.


 “But, your body...” Mo Yao’s tone was hesitant, sounding worried.


 Fang Yuan was unmoved, his expression was determined.


 The zombie speckles continued to spread, there was only a dot on his back at first, but now almost his entire back was covered.


 The speed of spreading was getting faster, soon, Fang Yuan’s chest turned black.


 The Gu Masters saw this and were shocked.


 Giant Sun’s will laughed heartily: “So this is it, you have turned into a zombie for too long, the balance of life and death energy had been broken, now that the death energy is invading you, you will turn into a real zombie, a member of the living dead, a monster that is neither human nor a ghost, your cultivation will be stagnant forever!!”


 Giant Sun’s will had great experience and knowledge, he understood Fang Yuan’s situation immediately.


 The Gu Masters felt a surge in morale, some laughed heartily: “Hahaha, persisting in evil brings about self-destruction, demon, you have committed too many wicked deeds, this terrible end is brought about entirely by yourself!”


 “Even without us attacking now, you are finished! Hmph, members of the demonic path crave strength and disregard all else, you have finally experienced the painful consequences now. What a pity, even if you became an immortal luckily, you still became a zombie, a monster!”


 “This is the result of you toying with evil schemes and causing harm to everyone, being enemies with Ancestor Giant Sun, and with us of the righteous path!”


 Mo Yao’s will urged as well: “Fang Yuan, the price to pay is too huge. In my opinion, Giant Sun’s will might not necessarily attack, it does not have much strength left. You have great talent and ability, you should not end up like this! It is not too late to stop now, once you turn into a six arm heavenly zombie king for real, it will be far too difficult to revert back to being a human!”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was shining, his emotions were in turbulence, as his expression was changing.


 But eventually, his gritted teeth did not loosen.


 He turned into a six arm heavenly zombie king completely!


 The speckles turned his body black, in the strength path immortal aperture, the bright and clear heaven and earth turned into an eerie dark color, white stone mountains collapsed one after another. The sky was dark grey and the land was rotting, there was not a trace of life energy.


 Meanwhile, in the first aperture, it was deathly silent too. The purple crystal aperture walls no longer had the crystal clear appearance, they looked like grey rocks.


 But precisely because of this, Spring Autumn Cicada’s pressure was no longer so threatening.


 Right after becoming a Gu Immortal, he degraded into a zombie! All his past accumulations, all his achievements, all turned into nothing.


 From this point on, his cultivation could not advance in the slightest!


 Without any potential to progress, in this regard, Fang Yuan was worse off than a mortal.


 Even with Fang Yuan’s iron will, he felt a bit of desolation.


 The thought of using Spring Autumn Cicada appeared in his head once more —”If I use Spring Autumn Cicada and restart everything, I will be able to quickly retreat and avoid this terrible situation to the best of my ability!”


 But Fang Yuan forcefully suppressed this thought.


 The wind veil of assimilation was very close now, without any sound from the wind, it spread silently, compressing the space and bringing an immense mental pressure to all at the scene.


 Fang Yuan observed everyone from afar, suddenly doing something shocking — he stopped the activation of all his Gu.


 He had completely become a six arm heavenly zombie king, he did not need to use Gu worms to activate it.


 As the purple light qi hit him, this move, thirty-eight sealing arts, had no effect.


 As long as Fang Yuan did not activate his Gu worms, the purple light qi would not be able to follow the qi within and trace it back to the source, sealing the Gu worms.


 Everyone was stunned, even Giant Sun’s will gasped lightly.


 But next, the Gu Masters erupted with fierce momentum.


 “Kill, kill this demon!”


 “He stopped using his Gu worms right in front of us, he is courting death!”


 Everyone shouted, screamed, and yelled with their lungs.


 Fang Yuan retreated step by step, using the six arm heavenly zombie king’s defense and recovery speed to endure the attacks.


 “Be careful, don’t hit the wisdom Gu!” Seeing that Fang Yuan was getting close to wisdom Gu, Hei Lou Lan quickly gave a reminder.


 The Gu Masters controlled their firepower, no longer unleashing flashy attacks, but aiming more precisely at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan’s appearance was nothing like before, his chest was blown open, his bones were broken, and his intestines were smashed.


 He had no choice but to turn around, with his back facing everyone and using it to endure the intense attacks.


 Bam!


 A bolt of lightning struck Fang Yuan’s back.


 An intense force slammed him to the ground.


 From behind him, cheering could be heard: “Hahaha, I beat him! This newly caught Gu is not bad, it should be the rank five thunder hammer Gu.”


 Fang Yuan crawled up in difficulty.


 His back was burst open, the injury was coiling with lightning, his spine and bones were exposed to the air.


 “Look at my wind path killer move!” Someone shouted.


 Swoosh!


 A huge wind blade with jagged teeth spun and shot out, making a loop around Fang Yuan’s arm and cutting it off, it fell on the ground.


 This person was breathing roughly, almost all his primeval essence had been expended, but his eyes were shining with a ruthless light of excitement.


 He shouted; “Did you see, did you see! I took away one of his arms!!”


 “Hmph, you made use of that weakness, if the flesh and skin of that area of his arm hadn’t already been fully removed, left with only a segment of his bone, would you be able to cut it off?” Someone scoffed.


 The body of six arm heavenly zombie king was strong, but it could not endure such fast paced and strong attacks.


 Everyone laughed wildly, they shouted and cheered, torturing Fang Yuan, feeling pride from the heavy injuries they were inflicting on him, competing against each other.


 Fang Yuan was defeated time and time again, his tall and muscular body was becoming smaller.


 But he got up every time.


 Even though he had one out of eight arms remaining, even though he did not have a patch of undamaged skin left, even though his zombie blood was dying the ground, even though his organs were exposed to the air, even though his right shoulder was only left with a pale white shoulder blade.


 “Why, to this extent? Why...” Mo Yao’s will sobbed.


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 “Enough.” Giant Sun’s will suddenly spoke.


 The Gu Masters did not dare to disobey him, they stopped attacking.


 “At this point, are you still not giving up? Hmph, your attitude is truly worth admiring.” Giant Sun’s will spoke in a milder tone: “Enough, it is not easy for you to reach this extent. Give up, I will give you a chance to surrender, as long as you recognise me as your master, I will allow you to make up for your mistakes.”


 “What?!”


 “Ancestor Giant Sun is sparing him?”


 “Ancestor, please reconsider it.”


 Everyone was shocked.


 “Surrender?” Fang Yuan scoffed: “Let me consider it.”


 Giant Sun’s will continued: “You destroyed Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, your sins are unforgivable! I will give you a chance to redeem yourself, after recognising me as your master, you will help me to once again establish Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, that will make up for your sins. When True Yang Building is rebuilt, not only will I grant you freedom, I will even get rid of your zombie status, and teach you the method to regain a human body.”


 If someone else heard this, their heart would waver.


 Giant Sun’s will gave Fang Yuan a way to live, most importantly, he gave him hope to continue cultivating.


 Fang Yuan was silent: “Let me consider.”


 Giant Sun’s will laughed plainly: “I will not give you any chance to stall for time. I will count down from ten, you must give me a response. Ten!”


 “Fang Yuan, are you really surrendering? Be careful of Giant Sun’s will’s schemes, as long as you get out, and leave the light of wisdom’s range, you will be a fish on his chopping block, subject entirely to his treatment.” Mo Yao’s will worriedly reminded in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 Fang Yuan laughed in his heart: “How could I be so stupid as to believe him?”


 Next, he sighed: “Oh, to think that I will still have to use my final trump card.”


 “You still have a trump card?”


 “To speak the truth, I have Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 “What? Spring Autumn Cicada! Don’t tell me it’s that seventh ranked Gu among the top ten mystical Gu worms in the world, it can travel upstream along the river of time, returning to the past, that Spring Autumn Cicada which can change history?” Mo Yao’s will screamed.


 “That’s right!”



***
Chapter 644 - Not committing the same mistake again (1\/2)


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “That’s right!”


 Fang Yuan said, as he snickered in his heart, asking Mo Yao’s will: “You’ve been wanting me to use it, haven’t you?”


 “Hmm? Fang Yuan, what do you mean? How would I know that you have Spring Autumn Cicada!” Mo Yao’s will stared blankly, before quickly denying it.


 “Hehehe...” Fang Yuan laughed: “Oh, Mo Yao, I am a naturally cautious person, I consider situations where I suffer defeat more than those of victory! Thus, from the moment you lurked in my mind, I had already considered the worst possible situation.”


 What was the worst possible situation?


 “That was the fact that the greatest mystery of me having Spring Autumn Cicada and being reborn is known by you. I would assume, since the first time I entered Water Pavilion, your will had already known this secret, right?”


 Mo Yao’s will appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind, she appeared extremely sincere as she shook her head: “Fang Yuan, are you misunderstanding something?”


 Fang Yuan ignored her, continuing: “You knew this secret, but you pretended not to know, revealing yourself on your own initiative. Next, you pretended that you had let down Spirit Affinity House, showing a guilty expression as you purposely gave me the mission of returning Water Pavilion to Spirit Affinity House. In truth, this was a red herring.”


 “In order to obtain my trust, you truly racked your brains. You created six arm heavenly zombie king for me and taught me ink transformation along with other refinement path killer moves, assisting me in infiltrating True Yang Building, as well as giving me multiple reminders in battle, acting as a strategist. These acts were to lower my wariness. At the same time, you had been changing my thoughts, subconsciously trying to influence my decisions, you had truly insidious intentions!”


 Mo Yao’s will raised her voice, showing some displeasure: “Lad, what is wrong with you? You are actually speaking of me in this way, did you hit your head?”


 “Hehehe. Mo Yao, you are very impressive, I truly suffered at your hands. Your acting was nearly flawless, I almost believed you. When Giant Sun’s will awakened, you urged me to leave this place, to take Water Pavilion and return to central continent. But at the same time, you were influencing my thoughts, causing me to make the choice of continuing to take risks.”


 “When facing Ma Hong Yun, you urged me to help Ma Hong Yun, but on the other hand, you altered my thoughts, triggering my killing intent and summoning my rage and excitement, causing me to impulsively attack Ma Hong Yun and resulting in my black coffin luck increasing. Honestly, under normal circumstances, I would consider the costs and benefits, how could I be so brainless?”


 “When I first saw Imperial Court blessed land’s land spirit, Frost Jade Peacock, I learnt about the conditions for ownership. After leaving True Yang Building, I actually recalled some events in my previous life, a certain person... My true nature is not so weak that I would be affected to that extent. All these are the deepest memories of my previous life that have been buried to the depths of my heart. It was all your doing! You struck in secret, and then while my mind was in turmoil, you attempted to look at the memories of my previous life!”


 Mo Yao stared with her eyes wide open, her tone was unkind and aggrieved, sounding like the defense of one treated with injustice: “Fang Yuan, all these were your choices, after landing in this state, you are refusing to admit your mistakes, instead, you are blaming it all on me!”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Hahaha, admit my mistakes, of course I admit my mistakes! My foundation is superficial, especially when compared to you or Giant Sun, experience and insight are no longer to my advantage. But do you know what your greatest flaw was?”


 Mo Yao’s will snorted, folding her arms in front of her: “Lad, I am going to get angry if you continue speaking like this! All along I have been helping you, is this how you treat your benefactor?”


 Fang Yuan did not listen to her, he ignored this and continued speaking: “Your greatest flaw was that you actually sent Water Pavilion to charge at the seven fingered formless hand.”


 “The mission you gave me was to return Water Pavilion to Spirit Affinity House.”


 “Why was it that at the crucial moment, you gave up on Water Pavilion to protect me?”


 “Don’t tell me that during these days of being together, you changed your principles and had started caring for me? Hehe, I can admit my charisma has not reached that level.”


 “This is enough to show, the so-called mission you gave me was a red herring!”


 Fang Yuan’s voice was plain, but Mo Yao’s will listened to it like it was rumbling thunder.


 She sank into silence.


 This time, she did not refute him!


 Fang Yuan laughed lightly, continuing: “Other than this, you had more flaws. First, you placed Water Pavilion on my body but concealed that fact, evidently you were hiding ill intentions, wanting to control me using this rank seven Immortal Gu House during a crucial moment.”


 “Second, if you were truly going to cooperate with me, why would you hide what kind of will you were? This indicates that the moment your type of will was exposed, I would be suspicious of you.”


 “Third, you purposely gave me an incorrect timing so that my body would completely turn into that of six arm heavenly zombie king! After I became a zombie, I felt desolation, that was also because of you.”


 “Fourth, you played tricks multiple times and secretly influenced my thoughts, making me think of using Spring Autumn Cicada repeatedly. I am a person with a firm will, I do not hesitate, once I decide on a plan, I will execute it without doubt. How could I have this same thought multiple times?”


 Fifth, since you had little immortal essence, and I had become a Gu Immortal, why did you not lend me Water Pavilion earlier? Evidently, you had other plans.”


 “Hehehe...” Mo Yao’s will laughed loudly, retorting: “Fang Yuan, your words are contradicting yourself. Don’t forget, I was the one who saved your life. If I did not use Water Pavilion, you would’ve been killed by Giant Sun’s will! Now, you are saying that I purposely harmed you, lying about the timing of six arm heavenly zombie king and causing the transformation to be permanent. In this way, I have saved you and harmed you, am I crazy?”


 “Of course you are not crazy, in fact, all along you have been very clear-minded! First you harm me, then you save me, all these were part of your plans. Hehe, if I was you, thinking in your perspective, it is not hard to guess your intentions.”


 After pausing for a while, Fang Yuan continued: “If I was a will and had remained in this world for ten thousand years, after my main body was already dead and my lover was also dead after a failed tribulation, at this point, when I see the Spring Autumn Cicada, what would I think?”


 “The answer is obvious, I would naturally want to make use of the Spring Autumn Cicada and travel back in time! Spring Autumn Cicada’s effect is to sacrifice everything that the Gu Master has, merely preserving their consciousness in the Gu. At the crucial moment, I would sneak into the Spring Autumn Cicada and destroy the Gu Master’s will, replacing him and going back to the past to revive myself, altering history and changing my fate!”


 Fang Yuan had a sound analysis, he exuded self confidence and an extraordinary attitude.


 Mo Yao’s will’s pupils shrunk, she fell into silence again.


 Fang Yuan continued: “However, for you to fulfill this goal, there were many difficulties, mainly, there were two big obstacles.”


 “Firstly, you are just a will, no matter what kind of will you were, you cannot use most Gu worms on your own. Spring Autumn Cicada is not only such a case, it needs even more. It needs the Gu Master to self-detonate, using their essence, flesh, and all other Gu worms as sacrifices to become the driving force to propel the Gu Master back to the past. The stronger the fuel, the further into the past it can return.”


 “Secondly, Spring Autumn Cicada is my Gu worm, my vital Gu in fact, it is not ordinary. You are not a formless hand, you cannot take it away from me by force. I had also found many wisdom path Gu worms, and can create many types of wills, thus it was even more difficult for you to snatch it.”


 “Therefore, you had no choice but to continue interacting with me and waiting for an opportunity in accordance with the situation. On one hand, you needed to strengthen me and raise my foundation, that way, the force of my self-detonation would create more driving force when activating Spring Autumn Cicada. On the other hand, you needed to create a situation of absolute despair for me, so that I had no choice but to take a major risk, left with no options but to use the Spring Autumn Cicada!”


 Saying this, Fang Yuan sighed: “I was vigilant of you earlier, but as you gradually affected my thoughts, I eventually fell for your schemes and arrangements. You influenced me secretly, causing me to take risks time and time again in True Yang Building, and even inducing me to deal with Ma Hong Yun, to deal with Giant Sun’s will, and Hei Lou Lan. Many matters were obviously disadvantageous to me and irrational, but I still acted on impulse time and time again. You caused me to make strong enemies, to create a situation where I would be desperate.”


 “But on another hand, you were afraid of going overboard and causing me to die. Thus, at the crucial moment, when my life was at stake, you had to make a move and expose Water Pavilion, in order to help me survive Giant Sun’s will’s fatal blow.”


 “Thus, when I was about to be captured by the formless hand, you activated Water Pavilion and crashed into it, you were afraid of it taking away my Spring Autumn Cicada, you were afraid of the Spring Autumn Cicada being exposed.”


 The conversation between wills was extremely rapid, even though they had talked a lot.


 But after Fang Yuan said that, Mo Yao’s will did not reply for a long time.


 It was silence in his mind.


 In the outside world, Giant Sun’s will had already counted down to six from ten.


 Eventually, Mo Yao broke the silence, clapping as she laughed: “Hehehehe, good, good analysis! You really unravelled the mystery step by step, it was very meticulous and clear. To think that I had planned for such a long time, yet I did not manage to deceive you. I am really amazed by you, lad, even as a reborn person, your talent is simply astounding. If you were born in my time, we might have been good friends, who knows. What a pity, what a pity.”


 Fang Yuan had understood everything, this was Mo Yao’s will laying her cards on the table.


 Mo Yao’s will could not pretend any further, at this moment, she chose to confess!


 Her body was slim and beautiful, a black veil covered her face, even though she was a will, she was like a night lotus silently floating in the dark, she had a graceful bearing and a grand disposition.


 As expected of Spirit Affinity House’s thirty-sixth generation fairy, a rank seven Gu Immortal, a refinement path grandmaster. Even though her schemes were exposed, she was not embarrassed or ashamed. Seeing that there was no hopes of continuing her facade, she showed a plain attitude, extremely forthright.


 She sighed: “Back then, when my main body took a risk to enter Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, I obtained an inheritance in the true inheritance secluded domain, creating this will of mine with it. I left behind Di Qiu inheritance, on one hand, I was preparing for any accidents, to preserve the chance of refining calamity beckoning Gu. On the other hand, it was a trap targeting Spirit Affinity House. Back then, I had betrayed my sect for Bo Qing, but I did not expect that ten thousand years later, it would be you who came.”


 “Actually, back when you refined calamity beckoning Gu, I had already discovered your Spring Autumn Cicada. I am a refinement path grandmaster, I tampered with the Immortal Gu refinement process, the calamity beckoning Gu that you refined already had my will in it. This arrangement was originally meant to target pursuers from Spirit Affinity House, because nobody can stand giving up the chance of refining an Immortal Gu.”



***
Chapter 645 - Not committing the same mistake again (2\/2)


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Just as you said, when I first discovered that you had Spring Autumn Cicada, I was extremely excited, immediately thinking of using Spring Autumn Cicada in order to be reborn. I used calamity beckoning Gu to attract you to Water Pavilion. You refined ten percent of Water Pavilion, that was something I purposely engineered to make you less alert. When you left, I activated Water Pavilion and hid in the sweat on your skin. But in this aspect, how did you confirm that Water Pavilion was on you from the start?”


 “Fang Yuan answered: “This is not hard to guess. You have to ensure my safety, just your will alone is not enough, the rank seven Immortal Gu House Water Pavilion is your strongest safeguard. Secondly, thinking will expend your thoughts, and cause your will to weaken. I made you exert yourself in creating the killer move, but you had never gone into a state of weakness. Next, you contested against Giant Sun’s will in my mind, and even helped to refine the supreme true inheritance of True Yang Building. Furthermore, you were under the light of wisdom, but I did not see your will weakening. The only explanation is Water Pavilion! Your will had always been obtaining replenishment. When I first inspected the Gu worms that made up Water Pavilion, I did not realize it. The most crucial Gu worm is that wisdom path Immortal Gu, delight in water and mountain Gu, right?”


 “Hehehe, you are half right.” Mo Yao’s will confessed: “Delight in water and mountain Gu can only create joyful will, but my will is not joyful will, thus I used other Gu worms to convert the joyful will. This will of mine can indeed influence your thoughts, meddling with your lines of thinking and making you act differently to your nature. Am I right to say... you were purposely losing to Giant Sun’s will?”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Giant Sun’s will is indeed strong, but the difference in our battle strengths would not be so absurdly large. When I awakened in shock, I realized that Water Pavilion had already turned into an armor around me, saving my life, at that moment I realized something was wrong. Although I was alert in the past, because of your influence, it gradually vanished.”


 “But although I found something amiss, I could not be sure of it. When Giant Sun’s will attacked me in a frenzy, I guessed his tactic. This battlefield is only so big, there are very few outside elements that can influence the battle, why would I not be wary of the formless hands? Thus, I took a risk and went along with his ploy, purposely moving slowly so that the formless hand would attack me. In the end, I obtained proof of your ill intentions!”


 “Next, even though Water Pavilion broke apart, I was still afraid of its power. Thus, I coaxed you into entering my immortal aperture, and at the same time, using your Gu worms for fighting. I purposely got hit by many killer moves, and most of the Gu worms that I borrowed from you were sealed as a result. This was to prevent you from having any Gu worms that did not need primeval essence to activate.”


 Mo Yao’s will heard this and shook her head, exclaiming: “Fang Yuan, you are too shrewd, the moment you found something wrong, you schemed to this extent, your acting surpassed mine.”


 “But there is something I don’t understand.” Fang Yuan asked.


 “Oh, what is that?”


 “Earlier, I lost fixed immortal travel Immortal Gu to a six fingered formless hand. I know that Fixed Immortal Travel is an Immortal Gu that you really wanted to get rid of, because it affected your plans too much. But how were you so sure that the six fingered formless hand would take away Fixed Immortal Travel, and not other Immortal Gu, least of all Spring Autumn Cicada?”


 Mo Yao’s will laughed bitterly: “Lad, I am only a will left behind by the main body for ten thousand years, do you really think I can control the entire situation? Back then, the situation was so chaotic, and at the moment when the formless hand grabbed you, I hesitated, afraid to show Water Pavilion as it would attract your suspicion.”


 “But next, after it took Fixed Immortal Travel, I was overjoyed, I quickly interfered with your thoughts, causing you to help Tai Bai Yun Sheng. This delayed some time, and you lost Fixed Immortal Travel.”


 Fang Yuan stared blankly: “Your luck is very good.”


 Mo Yao shook her head, bitterly smiling: “Back then, I sneaked into True Yang Building and wanted to get my hands on fortune rivalling heaven Gu, releasing it in the end. Since then, my luck had been terrible. Later, when I blocked the seven fingered formless hand for you, my intention was to sacrifice the rank seven calamity beckoning Gu in Water Pavilion, what a pity that the formless hand took the core, water harmony Immortal Gu!”


 “If your Spring Autumn Cicada had a mortal’s consciousness, I would’ve struck long ago. Unfortunately, your Gu Immortal will is still inside, and I did not dare to act rashly, only influencing you secretly.”


 “When I lurked in your mind, I had been paying attention to your thoughts and had been attempting to read your memories. But after fighting with Giant Sun’s will, I could not split up, all of my will was used to manipulate Water Pavilion to protect your life. Otherwise, I would have noticed when you sensed something amiss. In fact, I would have interfered with your thoughts and made you dismiss this problem.”


 “Moreover, I had little immortal essence left, most of it was used to create wills. Your tactic of consuming it was very effective, but if I had five or six more beads of red date immortal essence, the situation would have been very different.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Sigh, actually, this was not a fair fight. A will alone cannot think as deeply as the main body. Especially when wills have their specialties and would act on those traits. A will is just a will, it cannot replace the main body. If your main body was dealing with me, I would’ve lost long ago. Fairy Mo Yao, you truly live up to your name! With just a will that you left behind, you could reach this stage.”


 Fang Yuan sighed continuously, after revealing their cards, he instead started consoling Mo Yao’s will, seemingly forgetting their status as enemies, it was as if he was Mo Yao’s long time friend.


 He continued to sigh: “Your plan was really too difficult, it is like walking on a tightrope, you had to be careful of the balance of the situation at all times. If when you schemed against me was prior to now, there was a chance I would have continued being fooled by you. Unfortunately, right before coming to northern plains, I made a similar mistake, and my decree in life is to never commit the same mistake twice!”


 Saying so, the image of a young woman dressed in white appeared in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 “Actually, it is also thanks to wisdom Gu’s help. Even without using it personally, just by the light halo that it emitted, my thoughts became extremely sharp and I understood many things, thus being able to expose your scheme. As expected of a rank nine Immortal Gu. Hmm, after talking this much, I have a question to ask you, what type of will are you?”


 Mo Yao chuckled: “I might as well tell you now. Since you already know my methods, you’ll get the answer sooner or later. In fact, under such circumstances, it is already too late even if you discover my true motive. There is no doubt you will need to use Spring Autumn Cicada to self-detonate! My will is called fake will. Fake and true, truth and lies, fake will can disguise as a person’s thoughts and collide with other thoughts, changing the results of their thinking and influencing a person’s decisions and actions.”


 Fang Yuan realized at once: “No wonder I could not find where you were lurking when I checked in my mind. You were disguised as part of my thoughts! But you are wrong on one thing, I will not use Spring Autumn Cicada.”


 “Are you sure? Hehehe.” Mo Yao’s will laughed: “Six arm heavenly zombie king was a killer move that I perfected with you. I purposely gave an incorrect estimation and caused your body to turn into a zombie, you no longer have any way to progress. At this point, you have no future. I have been around you for so long, I understand you well, you have no trump cards left.”


 “Right now, the wind veil of assimilation is closing in, and you have already lost Fixed Immortal Travel, do you think you can open a stargate here? Don’t be unrealistic! You will be attacked by everyone, even though you purposely acted weaker, your real battle strength is still inferior to Giant Sun’s will. After all, this is not the true inheritance secluded domain. Inside the true inheritance secluded domain, wills and thoughts are suppressed. As for worldly wave trace Immortal Gu, I am not going to lend it to you anymore.”


 “Moreover, other than Giant Sun’s will, you still have a huge threat here, that is Hei Lou Lan with the Great Strength True Martial Physique! Rank five peak stage, hehe, think about the force of his self-detonation! Right now, you are only holding on because of the light of wisdom. Hahaha, with so many strong foes, you are at your wits end!”


 Mo Yao’s will laughed for a while before her tone became calmer: “You refuse to use Spring Autumn Cicada because you are wary of your black coffin luck. You do not have to be so nervous. Spring Autumn Cicada’s drawback is that it will cause its owner’s luck to become progressively worse. Back then, Red Lotus Demon Venerable was a victim of this. Luck is really strong and influential, no doubt, but it cannot decide everything, it depends on who is facing it. You had so much bad luck, yet with your strength and wisdom, you still managed to get this far. Ma Hong Yun had so much good luck, yet he could not grasp it well, even though he escaped from this place, he would surely fall into the hands of northern plains’ Gu Immortals and become a captive.”


 Fang Yuan snickered: “You’ve schemed for this long, I’m sure you’ve made ample preparations, you have the confidence of certain victory. A contest of wills is not my forte, if I self-detonate, that is using my weakness to fight my enemy’s strength, how can I be so stupid?”


 Mo Yao also laughed: “To think that you’d have such a timid side. It is a pity, but you are not entirely right. I do intend on using the Spring Autumn Cicada, but it is impossible with your foundation to travel ten thousand years back in time. I plan to find Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance when travelling upstream in the river of time. Using the power of the inheritance, I would go back to travelling against the current, ten thousand years into the past. Hehehe, don’t you want to see what Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance looks like?”


 Mo Yao said something shocking, she actually knew of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s secret inheritance ground.


 But Fang Yuan gave no response, he was silent.


 Outside, Giant Sun’s will finally counted down from “ten” to “one”.


 “It seems you are still very stubborn, you want to resist to the end!” Seeing that Fang Yuan did not surrender, Giant Sun’s will said this in a deep and low tone.


 “This demon deserves nothing less than death! Ancestor Giant Sun had granted him mercy, giving him a chance to turn over a new leaf, yet he is still refusing to change!” Ye Lui Sang shouted, yet in the depths of his heart he felt eased.


 “Kill, kill this demon. Cut his head off and make it our urine flask!”


 “Today, we will exterminate a menace of society!” Everyone was riled up.


 “Oh no, the wind veil of assimilation is already within a hundred steps of us! Ancestor Giant Sun, what will we do?” Someone said in shock.


 Wisdom Gu was maintaining a halo of light to protect itself, the Gu Masters were all standing near its edge and outside of it, only Fang Yuan was inside. As the wind veil of assimilation grew closer, it shrunk the space that was inside and in just a short period of time, the wind veil would reach the surface of the light halo.



***
Chapter 646 - Road of Life


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The wind veil of assimilation was constantly getting closer, that was why Giant Sun’s will tried to get Fang Yuan to surrender.


 If Fang Yuan surrendered and returned Giant Sun’s immortal essence, everything would be easy to settle.


 But if Fang Yuan was adamant and refused to surrender, Giant Sun’s will would have to fight him to the death!


 “Hei Lou Lan, I am giving you this strength path Immortal Gu, release your dark limit seal and display the true might of one of the ten extreme physiques. Your Great Strength True Martial Physique has the highest recovery speed in the world, it greatly surpasses the other nine extreme physiques. Don’t worry, even if you self-detonate, I have my ways to save you.” Giant Sun’s will said, handing Hei Lou Lan a strength path Immortal Gu.


 Obtaining the Immortal Gu that he had been dreaming of, Hei Lou Lan was unable to conceal his excitement: “Thank you lord ancestor!!”


 At the same time, Giant Sun’s will promised the other Gu Masters many benefits, handing out Gu worms one by one.


 Giant Sun’s will raised the morale: “This scoundrel has committed many evil deeds, you will all be great heroes renowned in northern plains after eliminating him! Your act of bringing peace to the people will make sure you are well respected wherever you go.”


 “We know that being basked in the light of wisdom would reduce lifespan. But in this situation, if we continue delaying it, we will be killed by the wind veil of assimilation. How can losing a bit of lifespan compare to death?”


 “Furthermore, you just need to restrain him, I will strike and deal the finishing blow!”


 Everyone looked at each other.


 Giant Sun’s will had incomparable reputation, he was left behind by the old ancestor, under benefits and reputation, forced by the situation, everyone summoned their courage and looked at Fang Yuan, ready to strike.


 “Strange, why isn’t he dead yet? After being in the light for so long, he should’ve expended all his lifespan already?” Suddenly, someone asked this.


 Because if Fang Yuan was dead, they would not need to take a risk.


 “That is because he is already dead. After completely becoming a zombie monster, he is among the living dead. The dead have no lifespan, no matter how long he stays there, he would not die of old age.” Hei Lou Lan explained, destroying their fantasies.


 “So that’s it!!”


 Everyone was taken aback, they finally understood that this fight was unavoidable.


 The air seemed to turn frigid, the Gu Masters’ killing intent surged, without doubt, this was the final battle!


 They had great confidence in killing Fang Yuan. After all, there was the Great Strength True Martial Physique as well as Giant Sun’s will. However, they were still nervous.


 Fang Yuan’s terrifying battle strength was ingrained into their hearts.


 “Of course we have to kill this demon, but there are bound to be casualties in battle, oh great Longevity Heaven, please don’t let it be me!” Those were the inner thoughts of everyone.


 The atmosphere was getting more solemn, the battle was going to commence.


 But right at this moment, there was another surprising twist.


 Wisdom Gu suddenly stopped sending out the light of wisdom, and flew into the sea of Gu worms.


 Earlier, it had displayed its rank nine aura at full force, but now it had completely concealed itself, hiding with the Gu worm group, it quickly vanished.


 Everyone was shocked.


 Giant Sun’s will was the first to react, laughing heartily: “Excellent! This wisdom Gu’s wild will is a newborn, it is still very immature. Earlier, it created the halo to prevent other lifeforms from getting near it, but now that it sensed the battle was near, in order to avoid getting dragged into this, it escaped first!”


 Everyone was overjoyed at this, there was no better situation.


 Without wisdom Gu’s halo causing trouble, Giant Sun’s will could enter battle directly.


 “Demon, the wisdom Gu that you entrusted your life to has run away!”


 “Your time of death is now, come and receive your death!”


 “Demon, you have committed many heinous sins, landing in this situation today, you are dead meat!”


 Everyone shouted, their morale surging.


 Giant Sun’s will was ready to strike.


 “Hahaha, hahahaha!” Fang Yuan broke the silence, he raised his head and laughed. His laughter boomed over the surroundings, giving off a wild aura, he suppressed all other voices.


 He had a green face with sharp fangs, and his eyes were shining with a ruthless light.


 Although his recovery ability was strong, his previous injuries were too severe, his body was still in bad shape.


 He was left with one arm, his body was crooked, yet his imposing attitude burst out, causing everyone to take a slight step back.


 “Damned demon, still being arrogant before your death?”


 “What are you laughing for!”


 Hei Lou Lan took a big step forward, his body was like a bear, he stared with his eyes opened wide: “Demon, committing evil acts will lead to your own doom, you have no way out but death!”


 “Fang Yuan, I had already given you your only chance of surrender, but you did not grab onto it. Now, there is no way out for you anymore.” Giant Sun’s will shouted resolutely.


 Mo Yao’s will also said: “Lad, no need to continue acting secretive. Your fake imposing aura cannot stop them. Don’t you want to see Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s secret inheritance ground? The battle is going to commence, if your mind becomes muddled against Giant Sun’s will, I will not be able to save you again. Give up, this is a dead end, there is no way out! Quickly use the Spring Autumn Cicada!”


 Fang Yuan’s laughter ended, his voice was coarse: “Isn’t there a saying, heaven will always leave a path for you, as long as I want to walk, there will be a road for me to step on!”


 Everyone was shocked, these words were very familiar, thinking about it, they realized it was from >.


 > chapter three, section three states —


 Luo Po valley was a very wide and complex labyrinth, Ren Zu searched for Northern Dark Ice Soul, who was missing, but he got lost in the labyrinth himself, even after several days, he did not find a way out.


 He was extremely tired, he had sprawled on the ground, his back leaning against the walls of the labyrinth.


 A feeling of boundless loneliness quickly engulfed him.


 This was because he had given his original heart to hope, right now, he only had a heart of loneliness left.


 The feeling of loneliness was unbearable, Ren Zu was afraid of being lonely, he had once dug out both of his eyes and turned them into a son and daughter to accompany him.


 But right now, he could only endure the torture of loneliness.


 Amidst the loneliness, Ren Zu felt intense desolation, loss, and pain. Time seemed to have stopped, he was all alone in this world, there was nobody he could rely on, there was no fire that he could gain warmth from.


 Ren Zu felt suffocation, but as time passed, he got used to the feeling of loneliness, he even started to savor it.


 He started to feel that loneliness was not that scary.


 In his loneliness, he felt serenity, peace, and quiet.


 He talked to himself: “Oh human, what is the purpose of your existence? Struggling here in this world, rushing about everywhere.”


 Next, he heard a voice from beside him: “Oh human, you are the spirit of all beings. You are lonely, thus you wanted to be comforted, to be understood, to be recognised. Right now, the thing you want to do most is to find the way out of this damned place.”


 Ren Zu was shocked: “Who, who is talking to me?”


 That voice laughed as it said: “I am a Gu, called ‘self’. If you look inside yourself, you will find me.”


 Ren Zu quickly inspected his heart of loneliness, as expected, in the deepest part of his heart, he saw a Gu worm.


 This Gu looked very real, almost like himself, but it was many times smaller than him, like the size of an ant.


 Ren Zu was curious: “Eh, you are a Gu worm, why are you inside my body?”


 Self Gu said: “Ever since you gained life, I had been inside your body, you just did not discover me. It is not easy to find me, you will need to inspect your inner heart of loneliness.


 “Is that so.” Ren Zu had little interest, he was quite indifferent about this as his mind was entirely concerned with Northern Dark Ice Soul.


 Self Gu saw Ren Zu’s lack of concern and laughed: “Oh Ren Zu, you should be happy. You should know, finding yourself and understanding yourself, that is the most important thing in life. You yourself are the most reliable thing in the world, let me help you leave this place.”


 “You can help me leave this place? No way, can you bring me out of Luo Po valley, and travel in the reverse flow river?” Ren Zu was shocked and excited.


 Self Gu laughed heartily: “Oh Ren Zu, why must you walk on this road? The door of life and death’s entrance and exit are the traces left behind by fate Gu when it visited fairness Gu. When you walk on this road, you will be under the manipulation and arrangement of fate. If you want to revive, to leave this place, you should walk on a brand new road.”


 Ren Zu was perplexed: “Isn’t there only one road? Wisdom Gu had already told me that, where can there be a second road?”


 Self Gu said: “Oh Ren Zu, as long as you want to walk, there will be a road for you to step on.”


 Ren Zu was even more confused now: “Then how should I walk?”


 Self Gu said: “Didn’t I say it already, first, you have to ‘think’ about leaving.”


 “Think?” Ren Zu tried using his brain, thinking of how to move on.


 He thought for half a day, his head was bursting, when finally, a Gu jumped out of his mind.


 This Gu was an old friend of Ren Zu, it was cognition Gu.


 “Where there is cognition, there is me.” Cognition Gu said: “Oh human, you seem to have gotten into trouble again, let me help you think.”


 Saying so, cognition Gu gave off a bright light, enlightening Ren Zu.


 Cognition Gu had an ability, that was to enlighten all beings. Any lifeform enlightened by cognition Gu would gain wings.


 Back then, Verdant Great Sun obtained the wings of “self”, flying into the sky.


 When the light dispersed, Ren Zu obtained a pair of wings.


 This pair of wings was located at his heels, they were very delicate.


 Cognition noted: “Mm, this pair of wings is called independence, Ren Zu, it will help you walk on a new road. You have to be careful, a new road is hard to walk on, other Gu are unreliable, you can only rely on your self Gu.”


 Saying so, cognition Gu vanished.


 Ren Zu was still very much confused: “How should I walk?”


 “Walk ahead, and carve the path of your road of life. This is a road that is unique to yourself! Only you can walk on it!” Self Gu said excitedly.


 Ren Zu took the first step forward.


 Bam!


 The next moment, his vision changed.


 ...


 Everyone heard Fang Yuan and reacted, flying into a rage.


 “This demon has lost his mind!!”


 “Kill, we have to work together and kill him!!”


 “Hehehe, how dare you compare yourself to Ren Zu? Go ahead and walk, let me see what road you can walk on?”


 Everyone lost their patience, they shouted as they charged towards Fang Yuan.


 Guh.


 At this moment, Hei Lou Lan suddenly showed a pained expression, spitting out a mouthful of blood.


 “Good timing.” Fang Yuan smiled, showing an eerie aura.


 He raised his remaining hand as he punched directly.


 Bam.


 With a loud explosion, fist qi burst out as a strength path phantom materialized in the air.



***
Chapter 647 - The answer is found in ones self!


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 This strength path phantom had a striking resemblance to a youthful Fang Yuan. Vivid and lifelike, and generally in the same dimensions.


 It obstructed the charge of the Gu Masters by itself, appearing lonely and insignificant.


 “Isn’t this that lad Hei Lou Lan’s killer move?” Mo Yao’s will was surprised, “Ah, I remember now, you seized his crucial Gu worm, but how did you reproduce his killer move?”


 While she was speaking, the Gu Masters had already reached the strength path phantom; Fang Yuan’s strength path phantom could only endure three moves before it was torn to pieces.


 The remaining fist qi was condensing again, but was extinguished by Ye Lui Sang’s fire.


 “This demon is a paper tiger, no need to be afraid!”


 “Hmph, the method he is relying on now was merely stolen from Lord Hei Lou Lan.”


 “This strength path phantom has the form but at most only has half the strength of Lord Hei Lou Lan’s killer move, what’s there to be afraid of?!”


 The group’s morale soared higher, they paused for a moment before moving towards Fang Yuan at an even faster speed.


 Only Hei Lou Lan had a bewildered expression and slightly decreased his speed, staying at the rear: “Did he use my vital Gu to create this strength path phantom? How could this strength path phantom actually have his own actual appearance?!”


 Although his vital Gu had been seized, his injuries had rapidly recovered. Great Strength True Martial Physique’s recovery ability was at the top of the ten extreme physiques, tens of times stronger than six arm heavenly zombie king.


 It was not strange for Fang Yuan to forcibly refine Hei Lou Lan’s vital Gu. Fang Yuan was already a Gu Immortal and with the help of immortal essence, this meant an enormous advantage in refining mortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s strength path phantom actually had the same appearance as him, this was what made Hei Lou Lan extremely surprised.


 “Even if you seized Hei Lou Lan’s Gu and roughly reconstructed his killer move, your strength path phantom merely has its form and it might have the ability to recondense from the fist qi, but the difference when compared to Hei Lou Lan’s genuine killer move is too great.” Mo Yao’s will bluntly commented.


 At this moment, everyone had reached Fang Yuan.


 On the outer periphery, Giant Sun’s will had curled up into a ball, moving slowly, waiting for the time Fang Yuan showed a weakness during the chaotic battle to deal a fatal strike!


 “In that case Mo Yao, open your eyes and watch what happens next closely.” Fang Yuan’s grin slowly turned into a huge smile.


 He punched! With the only remaining arm!


 Fist qi surged and turned into a strength path phantom. The phantom did not pause, immediately pouncing towards the incoming Gu Masters.


 Fang Yuan punched again!


 Another strength path phantom appeared, but it was different; this strength path phantom also resembled a young Fang Yuan, but it had two extra arms and it was even more powerful.


 Fang Yuan’s breathing sped up as he punched rapidly, the fist shadows interweaving together into a curtain!


 BOOM BOOM BOOM.....


 Punches after punches in the air sent out cracking noises, producing continuous echoing explosions.


 Majestic fist qi surged madly, forming whirlwinds.


 Wind and clouds surged and roared like dragons and tigers!


 In a blink of an eye, a hundred strength path phantoms were created, forming layers upon layers of protection around Fang Yuan.


 The Gu Masters had just finished off the previous two strength path phantoms and were about to charge towards Fang Yuan. But when they raised their heads, all of their expressions turned into great shock!


 “How could there be so many strength path phantoms?!” One Gu Master’s eyes almost popped out.


 “F*ck, there are still more being created!!” Another Gu Master swore loudly.


 Fang Yuan continued to punch; fist qi formed into strength path phantoms as if they were endless.


 The Gu Masters could not believe what they were seeing; this number greatly surpassed Hei Lou Lan’s limit, moreover it was still rapidly increasing.


 Within moments, there were already a thousand strength path phantoms!


 Just recently, Fang Yuan was alone, but now he had an army standing around him!


 “Are they phonies?” A Gu Master was suspicious and felt Fang Yuan was using Gu worm to create illusions.


 But the strength path phantoms’ solid attacks in the next moment gave a painful answer to the group!


 “Kill!”


 “We will let you taste our power.”


 These strength path phantoms were actually able to speak, and showed extraordinary intelligence.


 They attacked together, forming an endless stream of humans! The Gu Masters who were confident in their numbers were now drowned in strength path phantoms.


 They seemed to be stranded in a torrential river; suffering the strong attacks of the waves.


 “Defend!”


 “Stabilize our formation, they are only strength path phantoms!”


 “Damn it, these strength path phantoms can actually coordinate and carry out battle tactics!!”


 The Gu Masters shouted one after another. Their formation was like a large reef near the shore. However, after engaging in battle, they discovered that the power of these strength path phantoms far surpassed their imaginations!


 These strength path phantoms coordinated together and did not care about sacrificing themselves; although they only had singular method of attacking, it generated an extremely large pressure on the Gu Masters.


 The Gu Masters’ formation soon showed signs of breaking.


 “This... what killer move is this? My strength path phantoms could not coordinate to this extent. This is simply a relentless army fighting to the death!” Hei Lou Lan was shocked and uneasy.


 Fang Yuan retreated while continuing to punch out fist qi.


 The number of strength path phantoms continued to rise crazily.


 “Your... killer move, this... killer... move...” Mo Yao’s will stammered in shock!


 She analyzed: “Mortal Gu absolutely cannot have such might, you definitely used Immortal Gu! You still have a trump card that I don’t know about? No, impossible, you definitely had refined Immortal Gu. How could you refine Immortal Gu so quickly?”


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “Why do you think I tried to get near to wisdom Gu by all means possible? It was to use its rank nine aura to help me refine Immortal Gu! If it were other people’s Immortal Gu, it would not be easy to deceive, thus I could not refine Man as Before and Landscape as Before. But it is very difficult for young wild will to distinguish if this aura originated from me.”


 Gu worms higher by two ranks or more could pressure others into submission. Back then on Qing Mao mountain, Fang Yuan used Spring Autumn Cicada’s aura to help him refine Gu.


 “That means you had planned to intentionally transform completely with six arm heavenly zombie king?” Mo Yao’s will immediately started feeling uneasy when she discovered this.


 The light of wisdom consumed lifespan, but after transforming into a zombie which was already dead, Fang Yuan naturally could stay for much longer in the light of wisdom.


 Mo Yao continued to observe and found that Fang Yuan’s killer move followed some certain characteristics of strength path. His strength path phantoms normally had two arms. But sometimes, there would be phantoms with four arms and even six arms occasionally.


 The more arms the phantoms had, the stronger they were.


 Two armed phantoms only had average battle strength comparable to hundred beast kings. Four armed phantoms were comparable to thousand beast kings and six armed phantoms were comparable to myriad beast kings.


 “This... this is simply the re-creation of a beast group!” When Mo Yao’s will became aware of this, her delicate body shivered, and said with an incredulous tone, “You, lad you, you actually managed to resolve the age old question, you have merged the two paths of enslavement and strength!”


 Enslavement path controlled a great number of beasts and used numbers to crush enemies.


 Strength path focused on strengthening oneself, fighting many enemies alone.


 The essence of two Gu Master paths that were polar opposites were now perfectly harmonized and united in Fang Yuan’s killer move!


 Fang Yuan had been trying to solve this issue since long ago. But he made no progress and was even ridiculed and persuaded against by Mo Yao’s will.


 However, he had never given up on his attempts to resolve this. He would never abandon something because of other people’s denial, ridicule and persuasion.


 The most crucial breakthrough came during the process of Gu Immortal advancement.


 He used this extremely precious opportunity to advance his strength path realm. Obtaining inspiration from heaven and earth, he abandoned everything else to wholeheartedly seek the answer for the merging of enslavement and strength path.


 Heaven and earth were completely open to him, he was imparted supreme mysteries!


 But finally, he also had wisdom Gu to thank.


 Fang Yuan stayed under the light of wisdom for a long time, wasting away his lifespan and turning into one of the living dead. He paid a heavy price but his rewards were also enormous. Finally, he was able to use his available Gu worms to coordinate together and form the killer move.


 Without investment, how could there by any gains?


 Of course, he also had to thank Hei Lou Lan, thanks to his vital Gu which was one of the most crucial components of the killer move. Besides it, there were Immortal Gu, as well as many Gu worms which were required to form six arm heavenly zombie king, and in addition Fang Yuan’s second vital Gu, all-out effort Gu, which played an important role.


 This was also one of the reasons Fang Yuan intentionally transformed with six arm heavenly zombie king. He needed the Gu worms forming six arm heavenly zombie king to make this new killer move!


 Even if the black coffin luck on him intensified, even if powerful enemies surrounded him and the wind veil of assimilation isolated everything from the world, heaven would never seal all of one’s paths!


 There was no absolutely desperate situation in this world, there were only people who despair.


 The answer to resolving problems will always be in our own hands; when we inspect our inner hearts, we will find that the miraculous heavenly power was in ourselves all along!


 To discover oneself, to recognize oneself, and to rely on oneself!


 “The convergence of enslavement and strength path is an age old question which has baffled countless heroes and geniuses through the ages. I had never expected it to be perfectly resolved in your hands. Lad, you have ventured on a new road indeed. As you continue to develop this path, you might even be able to truly unite enslavement and strength path, and develop a whole new path. This path will definitely have unprecedented strength!” Mo Yao’s will sighed with deep emotions, her refinement path grandmaster spirit made her not stint on praising Fang Yuan.


 “Hehehe.” Fang Yuan was just about to reply when suddenly Giant Sun’s will appeared right in front of him.


 It was a sneak attack!


 During this critical moment of life and death, Fang Yuan moved his head, his vital area, and used his shoulder to bear the brunt of Giant Sun’s will’s attack.


 Boom, a huge sound erupted, Fang Yuan was sent rolling to the ground, plowing a gorge metres in length.


 “Looks like there is still quite a bit of your will remaining in my mind, you influenced my thoughts again!” Fang Yuan was furious as he saw through Mo Yao’s scheme.


 Mo Yao shed all consideration for face and screamed: “Kid, I asked you to obediently activate Spring Autumn Cicada, but you didn’t give in! Destiny sent you in front of me to give me a chance at rebirth. I will definitely grasp this opportunity!!”


 “Hmph! Most of your will and Gu worms have been locked in my immortal aperture. Your red date immortal essence is also under my control; you have no way to replenish your will anymore. To influence my thoughts, your thoughts will have to collide, let me see how long this portion of your will that is hiding in my mind can last!”


 Fang Yuan attacked Mo Yao’s will while tightly fixing his gaze on Giant Sun’s will. Strength path phantoms soon gathered around him and filled the gap, once more tightly protecting Fang Yuan.


 Giant Sun’s will felt quite troubled, it was okay when Fang Yuan was alone previously, but now he had so many helpers!


 Giant Sun’s will excelled in speed and transforming, but was afraid of expending his thoughts. Fang Yuan’s killer move that combined enslavement and strength path was a direct counter to him.


 No matter how fast your speed is, I will form a tighter defense. You have your countless transformations, I have my self-detonating phantoms!


 There were way too many strength path phantoms; they surrounded Fang Yuan in layers after layers, not only in all directions, there were strength path phantoms even floating in the sky.


 There was simply no gap to attack.


 “This killer move actually combined the essence of both enslavement and strength path. These strength path phantoms can not only condense back from the remnant fist qi, they can even self-detonate! This kid definitely already had some foundation in this aspect and had made preparations, otherwise just relying on the time within the light of wisdom, he absolutely would not be able to create it out of nothing... Right, he succeeded in his Gu Immortal ascension, it is extremely likely that he received the guidance of heaven and earth during the process of advancement. Damn it!”


 Giant Sun’s will pondered intensely before hurriedly stopping his thoughts. There were hardly any left, if he thought for too long, a large portion of him would vanish.


 “A chance!” Suddenly, he transformed into a golden rainbow, travelling nimbly between the army of strength path phantoms and ruthlessly striking at Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan grinned: “Old geezer, why are you in such a rush?”


 He had intentionally revealed this flaw in the strength path phantoms’ formation!


 Giant Sun’s will fell for Fang Yuan’s scheme. Three strength path phantoms instantly appeared in front of him.


 Giant Sun’s will thought rapidly and like a snake, he coiled around two. However, he could not avoid the last strength path phantom, and directly smashed into it.


 Boom!


 A huge sound erupted, the strength path phantom was crushed into smithereens.


 “Old bastard, do you really think I am easy prey? Hmph, I have already waited for too long!” Fang Yuan was already fully prepared. He raised his fist and pounded down with all his strength at Giant Sun’s will.


 Giant Sun’s will was caught unprepared and shattered!



***
Chapter 648 - Fierce and Ambitious


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Fang Yuan finally displayed his true strength; his punch was extremely fast, Giant Sun’s will was caught unprepared and received the full brunt of the attack.


 Bang, the condensed golden will was smashed into smithereens, splitting into countless parts.


 But in the next moment, the will condensed again, though its volume had fully decreased by one-fifth.


 Having suffered such a great loss, Giant Sun’s will was about to furiously counterattack. However, Fang Yuan had already retreated to safety behind the layers upon layers of strength path phantoms.


 Giant Sun’s will was so angry at this that he almost collapsed again.


 He could not think about too many things, otherwise he would have already seen this was a trap. Thus, he fell for Fang Yuan’s scheme.


 “Hei Lou Lan, what are you still hesitating for?” Giant Sun’s will bellowed.


 “How can he send out strength path phantoms that look exactly the same as him?” Hei Lou Lan’s thoughts were tangled and confused, and when he heard Giant Sun’s will’s roar, he quivered before coming back to his senses.


 Fang Yuan’s killer move was powerful and had the number advantage, suppressing everyone into such disadvantage that they were not even able to raise their heads. Even Giant Sun’s will could not make any progress.


 This was the moment of life and death!


 Hei Lou Lan’s Great Strength True Martial Physique was the crucial battle strength that could change the situation! As he thought of this, Hei Lou Lan opened his eyes wide in anger and stood up straight.


 BOOM!!!


 One ordinary punch produced a terrifying result; the piercingly cold fist qi almost penetrated the heavy layers of strength path phantoms.


 Human figures flew all around as the phantoms were smashed to pieces.


 This was the true strength of Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 At this moment, Hei Lou Lan displayed all his strength without any reservations!


 The Immortal Gu Dark Limit’s remaining power on him was a thin layer of black membrane.


 When Hei Lou Lan tore apart this layer of black membrane, his figure suddenly changed! The surging aura of one of the ten extreme physiques soared to the skies, a formless aura shook the air and formed a shockwave that engulfed the surroundings.


 “This?!”


 “What’s going on? Lord Hei Lou Lan actually turned into a woman!”


 “The rumor was actually true! In Su Xian’s Night Elopement, Su Xian had given birth to a daughter with Hei tribe’s supreme elder, Hei Cheng...”


 It was no wonder that back then, Giant Sun’s will had chosen Hei Lou Lan and Ma Hong Yun to be Frost Jade Peacock’s masters. Giant Sun’s will had already seen through Hei Lou Lan’s true gender.


 Hei Lou Lan turned a deaf ear to everyone’s shocked remarks, and fixed her gaze at Fang Yuan. Killing intent surged and a wild, noble aura manifested like a proud tigress starting her hunt – bold and fearless, and hungry to devour humans.


 Fang Yuan gave a cold snort, fist qi surged beside him non-stop, condensing into strength path phantoms that had the formation of an army.


 He had full confidence in his killer move and was not afraid of Hei Lou Lan: “The self-detonation of one of the ten extreme physiques can indeed slaughter immortals. But my killer move can also do so!”


 Strength path phantoms shouted one after another; their rallying cries poured like a river towards Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan who had exposed her true appearance was simply unstoppable, she was like a female warrior goddess who possessed the strength of a thousand troops. The strength path phantom army charged at her, but she was stable and unmoved.


 “Save me!” At another side, Ye Lui Sang and the others cried out for help.


 Fang Yuan was concentrating on three tasks; facing Hei Lou Lan, taking care of other Gu Masters and also guarding against Giant Sun’s will.


 He displayed his master level attainment in enslavement path for all to see.


 The strength path phantom army were highly coordinated and they seemed to move like one entity. With no regard for sacrifices, they attacked with a crazy offense; Ye Lui Sang and the others were already in danger, but now could hold on no longer, their final defensive line was broken.


 Hei Lou Lan wanted to return and assist them, but was firmly stalled by the strength path phantoms.


 “These strength path phantoms actually have an ordinary person’s intelligence! How was he able to accomplish this? He definitely seized my vital Gu, but how could he create strength path phantoms that have the exact same appearance as him!” Hei Lou Lan was extremely astonished.


 The more she battled with the strength path phantom army, the more she realized their power.


 An individual strength path phantom was of no concern. But three strength path phantoms’ tacit cooperation could slightly resist Hei Lou Lan. Six strength path phantoms could form a small battle formation and stall her. Nine strength path phantoms attacking in succession could pressure her.


 The greater the number of strength path phantoms, the higher their battle strength.


 This was all because of the exquisite coordination between them!


 Even beast groups could not accomplish this, but Fang Yuan’s enslavement path army was actually made of his own strength path phantoms; they came from the same source and thus were of one mind.


 Hei Lou Lan was not able to reinforce them in time; Ye Lui Sang and the others were killed one after the other by the strength path phantoms.


 And facing the cries for help from his bloodline descendants, Giant Sun’s will made the opposite choice of Hei Lou Lan; he turned into several arrows and tried to take advantage of the chaos to kill Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan mobilized the guards beside him to engage in an intense battle with Giant Sun’s will.


 The duration of the battle was extremely short but it was exceptionally fierce.


 Seeing that he could not succeed, Giant Sun’s will left after probing and did not continue fighting zealously. There were hardly any thoughts left in this will; the intense battle would demand quick thinking and he would slowly be unable to bear such intensive consumption.


 And Fang Yuan also was in trouble.


 Mo Yao’s will continued to bother him from time to time, creating distracting thoughts and causing him to repeatedly make mistakes when mobilizing the strength path phantoms, making him unable to display his master level enslavement path attainment to the fullest.


 However, as time passed, Fang Yuan gradually attained the upper hand.


 His strength path phantom army continued to increase in numbers, the narrow remaining space was filled with these strength path phantoms, their number already surpassing ten thousand.


 At the same time, Mo Yao’s will’s influence on him was weakening.


 Giant Sun’s will sneak attacked many times but did not succeed, his remaining volume was less than that of an adult.


 The only one who was still fighting like an addict, Hei Lou Lan, was a monster with unlimited stamina. Great Strength True Martial Physique’s battle strength could make one speechless. If not for the layers of strength path phantoms which consisted of an absurd number already, they might not have been able to restrain her.


 ...


 “Child, you have to be careful. I researched this strength path killer move for you, although it is strong, it has a flaw. The strength path phantom you create is actually your subconscious image.” Her mother, Su Xian, said in an extremely weak tone at the moment of her death, advising her repeatedly with a worried expression.


 Hei Lou Lan sat at the side of the bed, grabbing her hand, nodding her head as she wept without letting out a noise.


 “> has already told us that every person has a self in their hearts. Child, your strength path phantom is the self in your heart. What I can see from it is that you thirst for tyrannical strength, you long to escape from a woman’s status and have it become that of a man’s. Use this killer move as few times as possible, be careful as the killer move might imperceptibly influence you to become as savage as your strength path phantom in the end.” Su Xian continued to mumble, almost exhausting all of her energy.


 “Mother, I understand, you can be at ease.” Bean sized tears trickled down Hei Lou Lan’s cheeks.


 “When one day, you can create strength path phantoms that resemble your appearance completely, mother will be at ease. Remember, remember, find your ‘self’. Also... also... be careful of your fa... father...” Su Xian finished her last words, using up her final breath as she left this world.


 “Mother—!” Hei Lou Lan’s heartbroken scream echoed in the room.


 ...


 “Hei Lou Lan, what are you doing? You are actually letting your thoughts wander at this moment?” Giant Sun’s will’s furious shout broke Hei Lou Lan’s recollection.


 Hei Lou Lan was startled to awareness, she then stared at Fang Yuan, her heart filled with extremely complicated emotions — this guy actually had already found his self!? How did he accomplish it?


 “The final moment is arriving, the wind veil of assimilation is already close to us. Hei Lou Lan, self-detonate, I swear upon the honor of Giant Sun that I will save you!” Giant Sun’s will commanded.


 Fang Yuan’s gaze became sharp, he might have the phantom army’s protection and was sure they could create enough time for him to open a stargate, but he was not willing to take the risk.


 He quickly provoked: “Hehehe, Hei Lou Lan, you are a hero of a generation! Giant Sun’s will might have Immortal Gu, but his immortal essence is still with me, how could he save you? How about you surrender to me, I have a way to escape this wind veil of assimilation!”


 Fang Yuan was only probing and did not hold high hopes for it.


 But Hei Lou Lan’s movement slowed down and her battle intent clearly lowered when she heard his words.


 Giant Sun’s will saw the situation taking a turn for the worse and quickly shouted: “Don’t listen to this demon’s nonsense, he cannot be trusted! Hei Lou Lan, don’t hesitate, this is our final chance to turn around the situation! Could it be that you don’t believe me, your ancestor? Don’t forget that I am only lending you the strength path Immortal Gu, it still has my will and it will self-detonate with just a thought from me!”


 Hei Lou Lan roared as her battle intent soared again.


 “Demon, you have a glib tongue, crafty as a fox! Damn it, what Gu did you use on me? I will make you pay the most terrible price, hand over your life!”


 Hei Lou Lan erupted and like a wild dragon entering the sea, she carved out a path through the layers of the strength path phantom army.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly: “Good, let me personally experience the power of Great Strength True Martial Physique!”


 He then faced Hei Lou Lan head-on, and engaged in close combat.


 Six arm heavenly zombie king was strong but it was not the match of the ten extreme physiques. This was still the case under the circumstances in which Fang Yuan possessed unlimited primeval essence and was activating large numbers of mortal Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan’s feelings were much different.


 Fang Yuan’s power and ferociousness along with the surrounding strength path phantoms’ tacit coordination made her feel extremely pressured, and she was suffering injuries after injuries.


 But Great Strength True Martial Physique’s recovery ability was much stronger than six arm heavenly zombie king, the pain instead caused Hei Lou Lan to become even more fierce.


 For a moment, both sides exchanged moves after moves and were evenly matched.


 Giant Sun’s will only had to wait for a short while before it saw a flaw from Fang Yuan and sneak attacked at lightning speed.


 Fang Yuan retreated a step and turned around, counterattacking with clear hatred at Giant Sun’s will.


 Giant Sun’s will gnashed his teeth as he fiercely clashed with Fang Yuan, creating an even bigger flaw. He bellowed: “Hei Lou Lan!”


 As long as this exposed flaw was used, Hei Lou Lan could definitely inflict heavy injuries upon Fang Yuan and might even be able to take his life.


 Giant Sun’s will finally saw hope at this moment.


 “Coming!” Hei Lou Lan charged over and activated her Gu worms, striking with an unprecedented power.


 A dozen strength path phantoms suddenly jumped beside Fang Yuan to protect him.


 “You!” Giant Sun’s will roared in shock, Hei Lou Lan’s attack did not strike Fang Yuan, but smashed upon him!


 Giant Sun’s will crumbled, revealing three Immortal Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan opened her mouth, actually swallowing the three Immortal Gu.


 With a gulp, the three Immortal Gu entered her stomach.


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly, the dozen strength path phantoms that had come to reinforce him changed their formation and surrounded Giant Sun’s will, before brazenly self-detonating!


 Fist qi surged, almost completely exterminating all of Giant Sun’s will; only four to five traces of golden thoughts managed to escape!



***
Chapter 649 - Twin Demons


***





 Chapter 649: Twin Demons


 “Why, why?!” The golden thoughts were furious and puzzled by the betrayal.


 “Hmph! Old bastard, I followed your commands earlier because I needed something. Now that the strength path Immortal Gu is already in my possession, why would I still listen to your commands?” Hei Lou Lan sneered, her beautiful appearance filled with pride and coldness.


 “You thankless wretch, unfilial descendant, you actually betrayed your ancestor!” The golden thoughts shouted in hatred.


 “Shut up, stop screaming. Is it because your thoughts are too few now that you are unable to think and have become so demented?” Hei Lou Lan crossed her arms and squinted her eyes, “You want me to self-detonate, but after making that kind of promise, what can you actually use to save me? Relying on your slavery Gu, divert disaster Gu or Fixed Immortal Travel? These are the only three remaining Immortal Gu on you, now tell me, where is the Immortal Gu that can resurrect me? Hmph, you want to deceive me with such a childish trick?”


 “If you were strong and powerful, I would obey you according to the rule of complying to the strong. But look at you now, what reason do you have to order me around? Hmm? Just because you are the remaining will left behind by a dead man? Hehehe, even if it is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, he is already dead, he is a thing of the past! This is a new era, why is a dead man like you still jumping around like a clown?”


 Her words were filled with ambitious and ruthless grandeur!


 Hei Lou Lan was still that Hei Lou Lan!


 “Even if I only have a single thought remaining, I can still cause the Immortal Gu to perish!” The golden thoughts cried out.


 However, Hei Lou Lan was calm: “You can try as much as you want.”


 “What’s going on? You are actually suppressing four Immortal Gu! You might have Great Strength True Martial Physique, but you don’t have the will of an immortal, how can you suppress four Immortal Gu?” The golden thoughts flashed with radiance before screaming out in an incredulous tone; clearly, it was unable to destroy the Immortal Gu.


 “There are still many things you do not know.” Hei Lou Lan seemed to be shrouded in profound mystery at this moment.


 “Hei Lou Lan, as a descendant of Huang Jin bloodline and a tribe leader of a super tribe, you colluded with an outsider to scheme against your ancestor! You two shameless bastards, when did you team up? Why didn’t I discover it?!” The golden thoughts asked in a furious tone.


 “Sure enough, you are much easier to deal with when you can’t think. Sigh, your pathetic performance really brings shame to Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s reputation.” Fang Yuan sighed, but there was a grin on his face filled with disdain.


 The two had actually allied just before now.


 Earlier, Hei Lou Lan had shouted —”Demon, you have a glib tongue, crafty as a fox! Damn it, what Gu did you use on me? I will make you pay the most terrible price, hand over your life!”


 Fang Yuan had not used any Gu, but Hei Lou Lan said Fang Yuan used a Gu.


 This was a code word.


 Whether it was Fang Yuan or Hei Lou Lan, both were meticulous and suspicious, merciless and formidable characters.


 They had cooperated together throughout the Imperial Court contest and had great understanding of each other. Both knew how ambitious the other was and would not resign to being under someone else.


 Just because of this, Fang Yuan was willing to take a gamble; anyway, with the strength path phantoms’ protection, the risk was not high.


 The two swindlers cooperated together, Hei Lou Lan made use of a opportunity in battle and succeeded in attacking Giant Sun’s will and seizing away all the Immortal Gu.


 “I am unresigned, I am unresigned! I am the strongest, yet I was plotted against till I reached this stage. None of you will have a good end, my main body left behind many arrangements which are set to activate when Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapses. True Yang Building will be rebuilt, and you guys will be hunted down to the ends of the world. I didn’t lose to you, if I didn’t make moves against Ma Hong Yun and ruin my luck, how could I lose?! In the end, I lost to luck!” The golden thoughts roared hysterically.


 Boom boom boom.


 In the next moment, it self-detonated, destroying itself!


 It was after all something left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, even if there were only a few thoughts left, it was decisive.


 It was worried the secrets on it would be searched and extracted; the situation was hopeless so it directly chose to self-detonate.


 The self-detonation of thoughts was extremely fast. Even if Fang Yuan wanted to stop it, he did not have corresponding methods. Unlike blood path, strength path and enslavement path, his wisdom path attainment was still very shallow.


 Only by deceiving Giant Sun’s will to enter his immortal aperture, like Mo Yao’s will, would Fang Yuan be able to easily suppress it.


 Like this, the strongest existence and ruler of Imperial Court blessed land finally dispersed in smoke, not leaving even a trace of it behind.


 Hei Lou Lan let out a breath of turbid air before looking at Fang Yuan with a tranquil gaze, speaking in a serious tone: “Now, let’s have a good discussion, I believe we have the foundation for cooperation.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, sneering: “Before speaking of anything else, the Immortal Gu Fixed Immortal Travel you seized is mine.”


 That formless fist which seized Fixed Immortal Travel had been broken by Giant Sun’s will. After Giant Sun’s will seized the Immortal Gu, he forcibly suppressed Fang Yuan’s will within the Gu but did not have time to refine it, or it may be that he did not have the strength to forcibly refine it.


 Thus, Fang Yuan was not able to sense the connection with Fixed Immortal Travel. He had lost track of the target earlier and thought the formless fist had already torn through space and left.


 “I know, this is precisely one of my conditions. Right now, I am suppressing your Immortal Gu, but there is no time for me to forcibly refine it. I need you to lend me this Fixed Immortal Travel!” Hei Lou Lan made an astonishing demand.


 Fang Yuan had a calm expression: “Why should I lend it to you?”


 “Hmph, the Gu is on me and without Fixed Immortal Travel, how can you escape from here? Only if we sincerely cooperate, can we have the chance to escape.” Hei Lou Lan said.


 Fang Yuan chuckled: “Who told you I don’t have other methods to leave this place?”


 Hei Lou Lan’s pupils shrunk as she looked at Fang Yuan deeply: “The wind veil of assimilation isolates the outside world from the inside, Gu like hole earth Gu and connecting heaven Gu cannot be used. You actually have another method... but you didn’t use it even until now, heh, it seems this method has its flaws!”


 She was a formidable character, regaining her cool quickly and even carrying a probing counterattack.


 She sounded extremely certain, but she was not that sure inwardly and was only probing. Fang Yuan laughed loudly, his strength path phantom army was beside him and he did not fear the self-detonation of Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 However, his opponent was not any ordinary person of the Great Strength True Martial Physique, but Hei Lou Lan!


 This fellow could not be underestimated. They had contested repeatedly in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building but they were evenly matched, in fact, she even caused much trouble to Fang Yuan.


 Now, she was clearly still a mortal but was able to suppress four Immortal Gu, causing even Giant Sun’s will to be surprised.


 If Fang Yuan did not lend her Fixed Immortal Travel, she was sure to die. But he still had some fear if she counterattacked at the risk of her life.


 Without the intervention of Mo Yao’s will, Fang Yuan had returned to his original nature, he calculated his profits; shortly after, he asked the most crucial question —”Then, what can I obtain?”


 “Immortal Gu Dark Limit.” Hei Lou Lan calmly replied, but inwardly she let out a breath of relief.


 “Oh, I would like to hear the details.”


 “I will help you obtain this Gu. This Gu is in the hands of Gu Immortal Jiang Yu, it can conceal aura, hide heavenly secrets and protect you from deductions. My Great Strength True Martial Physique was sealed with the help of Immortal Gu Dark Limit. You have caused such a huge incident, northern plains’ Gu Immortals will definitely track you down and cause troubles for you. Not only them, there are also the arrangements left behind by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable. But with Immortal Gu Dark Limit, your location will not be discovered.”


 “Interesting, what else?” Fang Yuan rubbed his chin.


 Hei Lou Lan smiled: “We are both smart people, I will speak frankly. I shoulder a huge hatred and grudge so I cannot self-detonate to kill you with me. But you also probably don’t want to force me until I drag you along with me, right?”


 “Hmph, you are unlikely to kill me, but it is true that it will be really troublesome!” Fang Yuan gave a cold snort.


 Hei Lou Lan’s pupils shrunk: “From your words, it seems you still haven’t fully displayed the power of your killer move. But I also have another trump card!”


 Fang Yuan nodded, Hei Lou Lan had already displayed it just before. She could suppress Immortal Gu which was not possible by just relying on Great Strength True Martial Physique.


 As long as there were enough profits, there was no need for bloodfest. Fang Yuan was not afraid of Hei Lou Lan’s self-detonation, but there would be no benefits to both of them if he pushed her too far.


 Hei Lou Lan continued: “I will help you obtain Immortal Gu Dark Limit and will also return Fixed Immortal Travel once I finish using it. I will also give you my strength path killer move, I believe it will provide some help to your new killer move. Moreover, I haven’t killed your senior brother Tai Bai Yun Sheng.”


 Fang Yuan glanced at Tai Bai Yun Sheng who was lying on the ground in unconsciousness, with his body covered by a defensive barrier; this was clearly Hei Lou Lan’s work.


 His evaluation of Hei Lou Lan could not help but rise by a level.


 Hei Lou Lan was truly not simple, she actually protected Tai Bai Yun Sheng until now. Clearly, she was dissatisfied with Giant Sun’s will and had been scheming against it.


 More importantly, she gave many benefits; Immortal Gu Dark Limit was an important benefit, Fixed Immortal Travel was second, then the strength path killer move and finally Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Such an arrangement showed how much she understood Fang Yuan.


 “Then your condition is?” Fang Yuan asked.


 “Protect me during my Gu Immortal ascension and also help me when I kill my father personally!” Hei Lou Lan’s eyes revealed extreme hatred when she said this.


 Fang Yuan’s brows involuntarily rose up.


 He did not ask why, and he did not need a reason.


 “Hahaha.” Fang Yuan laughed brightly. He looked at the surrounding wind veil of assimilation then turned towards Hei Lou Lan.


 Hei Lou Lan who had torn off the seal of Dark Limit and revealed her true appearance was no longer an obese and fierce bear, instead she had a stimulating, charming body with sharp brows and bright eyes; she was a remarkably beautiful woman filled with a tyrannical aura.


 “Interesting! Well, there is no harm in cooperating for the moment.” Fang Yuan praised as he agreed.


 The benefits of this cooperation were truly shocking.


 In any case, Fixed Immortal Travel was in Hei Lou Lan’s hands, Fang Yuan was also helpless about that and so he might as well cooperate.


 Next, Fang Yuan mentioned his own conditions and reached a basic consensus with Hei Lou Lan.


 The shrinking of the wind veil of assimilation had almost reached the extreme.


 Large numbers of Gu accumulated in the narrow space, crowding together. Many Gu worms were already devoured by the wind veil of assimilation, becoming a part of it.


 But the tribulation, formless hands, were also completely gone.


 “There is no time today, we will talk more in the future.” After a rough agreement, Hei Lou Lan activated Fixed Immortal Travel; dark green light covered her body.


 She was not a Gu Immortal but astonishingly, she could activate Immortal Gu!


 Before leaving, she gave a deep glance at Fang Yuan and asked, seemingly without much thought: “Your killer move, what is its name?”


 “Myriad Self.” Fang Yuan replied.


 Hei Lou Lan nodded, engraving this name to the depths of her heart. She knew that sooner or later, this killer move’s name would rise to fame and spread throughout the five regions!


 The next moment, Fixed Immortal Travel activated and Hei Lou Lan disappeared.


 The moment she left, Fang Yuan immediately destroyed the surroundings to prevent her from using Fixed Immortal Travel to return.


 Wind veil of assimilation was already pressing in very closely, there was only a cabin sized space left for Fang Yuan to move.


 Large numbers of Gu worms were already devoured by the wind veil of assimilation, while there were still a few that were flying around.


 Fang Yuan released starlight firefly Gu and opened the stargate.


 But he did not leave immediately, instead deeply gazing at these flying Gu worms.


 He did not have any certainty, but still wanted to give it a try.


 A few breaths later, a Gu worm flew towards him of its own accord.


 Rank nine wisdom Gu!


 “Hahaha...” In the narrow space, Fang Yuan’s laughter was echoing endlessly.


 ..................................


 One could say:


 Open attacks and secret ambushes interweave, schemes and conspiracies conjure countless arrangements. Misfortune descends and one loses their rationality, struggling in peril for that sliver of hope. The immortal zombie is dead and has no lifespan, yet with myriad self one has no worries. Crumbling bones pile into a meeting of two demons, thus creating endless mysteries henceforth!


 ChibiGeneral And that brings us to the end of book 3. There was no use of Spring Autumn Cicada, the so-called convenient plot device. With our now-zombie MC, more problems are waiting for him but first, it is time to see our Little Fox Loli once again.



***
Chapter 650 - Return to Hu Immortal Blessed Land


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Book 4: The Demon Lord Rampages Unhindered 

 Slowly opening his eyes, Fang Yuan woke up.


 Seeing crystal walls sparkling with a bright pink colored light, Fang Yuan was dazed, before reacting — he had used the stargate to return to Hu Immortal blessed land from northern plains.


 Except that in this trip to northern plains, he had exhausted his mind and spirit, it was such a dangerous trip, it was a near fatal experience. Even though Fang Yuan’s body was that of six arm heavenly zombie king, his mind was still filled with fatigue.


 After returning to Hu Immortal blessed land, he made some arrangements and fell into deep sleep.


 He slowly woke up now, after sleeping for an unknown amount of time.


 He was very exhausted, even now, Fang Yuan only wanted to lie down and not get up.


 “My body is filled with death energy, I have completely turned into a zombie, my body knows no fatigue, but my soul is still my original soul, it has its limits and will suffer injuries too.”


 A thought flashed in his mind, as Fang Yuan gradually got up.


 His mind was in tranquility, it was a comfortable feeling.


 Sleeping had the effect of soothing one’s soul.


 Fang Yuan breathed out some turbid air, stretching his limbs, but he only felt like his body was rusty, he felt very inflexible and heavy.


 He was not surprised, he knew that this was the backlash of using his killer move, myriad self — his soul was greatly depleted. Thus, when he tried to move this extremely strong zombie body, he felt difficulty and resistance.


 “Where is the land spirit?” Fang Yuan spoke. His voice was coarse and irritating, like the sound of sand grinding on ice shards, it would give a dry and icy feeling to people.


 “Master!” At the next moment, the land spirit Little Hu Immortal’s voice resounded in Fang Yuan’s ears.


 The voice was still cute and sweet, but there was a hint of worry and sadness in it.


 Fang Yuan turned around, only to see Little Hu Immortal appearing before his left hand with reddened eyes.


 “How long have I been asleep?” Fang Yuan nodded, asking.


 “Master, you have been asleep for two days and three nights.” Little Hu Immortal replied.


 Fang Yuan recalled, two days and three nights was in terms of Hu Immortal blessed land time. Five days in Hu Immortal blessed land was one day in the outside world of the five regions. That means that since Fang Yuan left the wind veil of assimilation, less than a day had passed in northern plains.


 Fang Yuan’s inner thoughts settled.


 Before he slept, he had made an agreement with Hei Lou Lan, they were temporarily cooperating, thus, he would have to return to northern plains soon.


 Little Hu Immortal saw that Fang Yuan was silent, and thought he was upset. She opened her tiny mouth and consoled; “Master, master, don’t be too upset. Your current appearance, although it is quite ugly, I’m sure there’s a way to change it back. I believe that one day, master will go back to his original form. Master, you have to cheer up!”


 Fang Yuan laughed speechlessly, stretching out one arm and touching Little Hu Immortal’s tiny head.


 Little Hu Immortal dodged for a bit, but eventually, Fang Yuan’s terrifying giant zombie hand landed on her head.


 She lowered her head, not making a sound.


 Fang Yuan started stroking her hair and Little Hu Immortal could not take it anymore, she cried: “Master, although your palm is icy cold, I still like it!”


 Saying this, she hugged Fang Yuan’s huge legs and began sobbing.


 Little Hu Immortal was still so cute, she was like a five to six year old child, pure and innocent, cute and tiny. She wore a rainbow dress and her snow-white fox tail was drooping towards the ground, showing her current sad mood.


 The land spirit was formed from the fusion of obsession and heavenly power, it was different from wills and would never lie.


 Little Hu Immortal spoke the honest truth.


 Fang Yuan’s expression was calm, he did not speak. But the fangs that were outside his mouth retracted a little, and the movement of his hand stroking Little Hu Immortal’s head became more gentle.


 He split a portion of his consciousness and looked inside his body.


 In the first aperture, there was dead silence. There was not a bit of primeval essence inside, only Fang Yuan’s first vital Gu.


 The originally clear crystal purple walls had turned into a rock-like material. The rock wall was filled with small cracks, the culprit behind this wound was the Spring Autumn Cicada in the middle of his aperture.


 Spring Autumn Cicada’s body was glowing with green and yellow light, the aura of a rank six Immortal Gu was permeating the entire aperture.


 If it was his rank five peak stage aperture, it might have burst already. But now that the aperture was dead, it could handle more of the Immortal Gu’s pressure. Even though there was a limit, he was far from reaching it yet.


 At the same time, Fang Yuan also noticed that the aperture was completely dry and could not produce any more primeval essence.


 “This is the price for turning into a zombie, the aperture is dead and cannot produce any primeval essence.” Fang Yuan assessed in his mind.


 He could not help but think of First Gen Gu Yue, he had turned into a blood wight and his aperture could not produce primeval essence, thus he had great desire for Gu worms like Heavenly Essence Treasure Lotus.


 “My current situation is way better than First Gen Gu Yue. I have already ascended into an immortal, I have nineteen green grape immortal essence and limitless primeval essence!”


 Thinking of this, Fang Yuan moved his consciousness from the first aperture to the second aperture.


 The newly born strength path immortal aperture had also turned grey, the blessed land was now a dead land. The sky was grey and the white stone mountains had collapsed, the ground was rotten and dark, emitting a foul odor. The ground was full of cracks, like the aftermath of an earthquake. This was the result of forcefully containing wisdom Gu.


 Inside this immortal aperture were almost all of Fang Yuan’s Gu worms.


 The most attention grabbing ones were naturally the Immortal Gu.


 There were seven Immortal Gu in here!


 This amount was bound to shock others if revealed publicly. Immortal Gu were unique, they were extremely hard to get. Most ordinary Gu Immortals would not even have one Immortal Gu.


 If he included Fixed Immortal Travel that he had lent to Hei Lou Lan, as well as Spring Autumn Cicada, Fang Yuan had a total of nine Immortal Gu.


 This number could put most rank seven Gu Immortals to shame.


 There were three Immortal Gu that were related to Water Pavilion, they were: worldly wave trace Gu, delight in mountain and water Gu and calamity beckoning Gu. The other four Immortal Gu were obtained when Fang Yuan painstakingly smashed the formless fists.


 Other than the Immortal Gu, there were mortal Gu.


 The most valuable mortal Gu were also obtained when Fang Yuan smashed the formless fists. All these Gu worms originated from the true inheritance secluded domain’s many inheritances, each of them were high quality Gu worms and had profound differences from common Gu.


 But of greater importance was the second aperture’s vital Gu — rank four all-out effort Gu, as well as bitter strength Gu, borrow strength Gu, self-reliance Gu, refine essence spirit Gu, earth strength Gu, water strength Gu, wind strength Gu, lightning strength Gu, fire strength Gu, lurking beast coat Gu, aura concealment Gu and so on.


 It was these Gu worms that formed the foundation of the killer move myriad self, allowing Fang Yuan to ultimately clinch victory within the wind veil of assimilation.


 Other than these, there were the other random Gu worms, like the eagle rise Gu which Fang Yuan had used and expended the most in this journey within northern plains. The wind flower Gu which could allow changes in direction easily, the sole blade Gu obtained from Sole Blade General Pan Ping. There was also the battle bone wheel Gu, Stargate Gu, and the Gu that made up the foundation of a Gu Immortal, hole earth Gu, connecting heaven Gu, divine sense Gu and others.


 The highest quantity that he had among them were of beggar moths, almost a thousand of them, they had the effect of storing primeval essence. They were a huge help to Fang Yuan during the final moments of his northern plains trip.


 After inspecting his mortal and immortal aperture, Fang Yuan directed his attention to his body.


 Without using a mirror, he knew that he had turned into a monster completely. Six meters tall, a green face and sharp fangs, blood red eyes, bulging muscles that were tough as rocks. Most importantly, he had eight arms, other than his two human arms, his other six arms were terrifying in appearance, they originated from the other rank five flying zombie Gu — asura zombie Gu, heavenly demon zombie Gu, blood wight Gu, nightmare zombie Gu, plague zombie Gu, and earth chief zombie Gu.


 Fang Yuan did not care whether his appearance was handsome or ugly. Little Hu Immortal was concerned about it because she was formed from the obsession of the female Gu Immortal, Fairy Bai Hu.


 What Fang Yuan cared about was that the zombie body caused his cultivation to stagnate, he was unable to advance his cultivation in the slightest. This was a huge obstacle in his pursuit of the demonic path and his dream.


 He had grand ambitions, he wanted to obtain eternal life. Eternal life was in reference to being the strongest, an indestructible being that cannot be taken down by tribulations or disasters, a person that cannot be harmed by anyone, as well as having infinite lifespan.


 Although a zombie body had no lifespan, his soul could still suffer damage, and his body could still be destroyed if he was attacked by someone stronger than him, there were still many flaws and weaknesses. Thus, many Gu Masters and Gu Immortals would turn into zombies only after they were left with no other choice. This method was truly a last resort for survival, it was like longing towards heaven while being in hell.


 “How can I get rid of the zombie body, returning to life from death, and obtain a live human body again?” Fang Yuan asked in his heart, evidently, this was a problem that needed to be solved.


 Although he had no answers, he had some rough ideas.


 Interrogating Mo Yao’s will who was in his immortal aperture was one method. Using wisdom Gu was the second.


 Little Hu Immortal’s crying slowly stopped, as Fang Yuan retracted his hand, his emotions calmed down as he asked: “During the days when I was asleep, did anything happen?”


 Little Hu Immortal heard her master’s inquiry and immediately stood up straight, she wiped her tears and answered him maturely: “Reporting to master, there were two things. First, your senior brother, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, had already woken up, he has been wanting to meet you over these last few days, he was so anxious he even cried several times. But master had given me the orders, thus I refused to let him in. The second matter is regarding Immortal Crane Sect, they have stopped engaging in our rockmen transactions.”


 Fang Yuan heard this and frowned lightly.


 Fang Yuan was well aware of the reason why Immortal Crane Sect stopped the rockmen transactions. Hu Immortal blessed land had Dang Hun mountain, this was something known by everyone in central continent. Immortal Crane Sect’s target was Dang Hun mountain, but they could not attack Hu Immortal blessed land directly, thus over a year ago, they had sent Fang Zheng to negotiate, eventually settling on the transactions of rockmen. But their primary objective was Dang Hun mountain and the guts Gu.


 After that, Immortal Crane Sect had repeatedly urged and emphasized while requesting Fang Yuan to sell the guts Gu, but he refused them every time.


 After a year, seeing that Hu Immortal blessed land was refusing to give in, Immortal Crane Sect had lost their patience, thus stopping the rockmen trade. As to whether they would express anger and want to force Fang Yuan to renegotiate, or whether they have other objectives, that would depend on how the situation progresses.


 “Hu Immortal blessed land is not a utopia, it is located at Tian Ti mountain, and the outside situation is also perilous.”


 If Fang Yuan had a blessed land as an immortal aperture, his reliance towards Hu Immortal blessed land would greatly reduce. He could even swallow Hu Immortal blessed land directly, making his escape and leaving this place. Unfortunately, he was now a zombie, his immortal aperture was a dead aperture, there was no way to consider this.


 Fang Yuan thought about it, but for now could not come up with any ideas.


 “Damn it, after becoming a zombie, my cognitive abilities have weakened, my thoughts are moving slower and slower, it is too inefficient.” Fang Yuan frowned deeply, he started to feel the drawback of the zombie body.



***
Chapter 651 - Guilt-ridden Tai Bai Yun Sheng


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The stagnation of his cultivation was only the main drawback, other than that, there were many other smaller drawbacks. One of them, was the fact that he had no sense of pain. His cognition slowing down was another problem.


 In this world, wisdom path had already deciphered the mysteries behind how a person thinks.


 When a person thinks, many thoughts would be created in their minds. Intelligent people would generate a large number of thoughts more quickly, while stupid people would generate fewer thoughts, and at a slower pace.


 When these individual thoughts collide into one another, they would fuse or possibly be destroyed, eventually, one or more new thoughts would be created. These new thoughts would be the result of their thinking.


 The brain is the place which gives birth to thoughts, it is an important domain for all life forms when they think. But this domain is decided on two aspects.


 One was the body, while the other was the soul.


 If a person’s soul resided in a wild beast’s body, then this ‘wild beast’ would become very intelligent. This level of intelligence would far surpass an ordinary wild beast, but would be lower than a normal human being.


 Gu is the essence of heaven and earth, man is the spirit of all beings. Among all living beings, humans were the most intelligent. To achieve this, one needed a human’s physical body and a human’s soul.


 Now that Fang Yuan’s body was completely dead, only his soul was intact. Thus, in his mind, the number of thoughts generated would be much fewer, and the speed of his cognition would reduce greatly.


 Intensive thinking would lead to a sharp fall in the number of thoughts. Because the zombie’s mind produces fewer thoughts, and at a slower pace, the thoughts generated cannot keep up with the expenditure of thoughts.


 If Fang Yuan was a brute, so be it. But he was very skilled at scheming, he was an ambitious person who was used to plotting in order to succeed in situations, after becoming a zombie, he felt very uncomfortable, he was not used to this new change at all.


 “No wonder most zombies like First Gen Gu Yue choose to enter deep sleep. When one is sleeping, they would think less, and the consumption of their thoughts would fall sharply, thus they would be able to accumulate more thoughts in their mind. When they battle, they would think intensely and use up these thoughts.” Fang Yuan had a new understanding in his mind.


 This was the same reason as that of Giant Sun’s will, who chose to enter deep sleep.


 “The less I think, the more dull and slow I would become. To think that one day, I, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, would turn into an idiot. Hehe.” Fang Yuan mocked himself in his mind, collecting his scattered thoughts.


 Next, he turned to Little Hu Immortal: “Bring my senior brother, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, in here, I want to meet him.”


 Little Hu Immortal replied to him obediently, immediately vanishing from the spot.


 She was the land spirit, she could freely teleport anywhere within Hu Immortal blessed land.


 After ten breaths of time, Little Hu Immortal reappeared, this time bringing Tai Bai Yun Sheng with her.


 “Junior brother, you... sigh!” What shall we do now?” Taking a look at Fang Yuan, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was stunned, his eyes turned red as he spoke in a choking voice.


 He already was aware of the fact regarding Fang Yuan turning into a six arm heavenly zombie king completely. This was something Fang Yuan had specified to Little Hu Immortal earlier, as something that could be exposed to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “Originally, I had advanced into a strength path Gu Immortal, what a pity that I have ended up in this state, there is no choice, I will have to continue calling you senior brother. Come! Senior brother, this is a crude place, please find a block of stone and take a seat.”


 The cave that Fang Yuan was in now was dug out from the center of Dang Hun mountain back in the day by Fairy Bai Hu, it was the place where she had built Dang Hun palace.


 After Dang Hun mountain was destroyed by the gruel mud Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan had returned it to normal with Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 The restored Dang Hun mountain retained this mountain cave.


 But the golden bricks, the silver tiles, the pink curtains, the large round bed, the golden silk blankets, and the fragrant wind chimes that were in Dang Hun palace were nowhere to be found.


 Rank six Immortal Gu Landscape as Before, it could restore any mountain or body of water back to a state in the past. The furniture inside Dang Hun palace did not count as being part of a mountain or body of water.


 Of course, Fang Yuan did not want to restore the former Dang Hun palace, either. After all, Fairy Bai Hu’s bedroom was way too pink, it was filled with a feminine aura and did not suit Fang Yuan.


 There was no furniture in the mountain cave, it was really crude and simple. Tai Bai Yun Sheng chose the boulder closest to Fang Yuan and sat down.


 Right now, his inner thoughts were filled with concern, gratitude, and unconditional trust towards Fang Yuan.


 After all, the two of them had braved dangers and near death experiences together, they had gone through a lot in northern plains, and had witnessed the sincerity and feelings in each other’s hearts.


 Not to mention the two times Fang Yuan had helped Tai Bai Yun Sheng in the true inheritance secluded domain, he did not hesitate at all, not even batting an eyelid. The first time, it was to retrieve landscape as before Immortal Gu, while the second time, he gave up on man as before Immortal Gu in order to save Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s life.


 During that moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was so touched his tears nearly flowed down his cheeks.


 He had a Gu Immortal inheritance, he naturally knew the immense attraction an Immortal Gu had towards a Gu Immortal. Fang Yuan gave up on the Immortal Gu in order to save him, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, this completely displayed Fang Yuan’s true feelings!


 After that, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was captured by Hei Lou Lan. Fang Yuan immediately changed his direction, taking back man as before Gu first, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was in complete agreement with his actions and his heart settled, this was truly a rational decision.


 When he woke up, he found that he was inside Hu Immortal blessed land, and was out of danger.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was jubilant, being able to luckily maintain his life was naturally a very joyous matter. But what made him even happier was that afterwards, seeing that he had woken up, Little Hu Immortal returned Landscape as Before and Man as Before, these two Immortal Gu back to him!


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a soft and kind nature, he had deep attachment towards these two Immortal Gu. Regaining his important treasures after losing them, he was truly overjoyed.


 But when he heard about Fang Yuan’s situation from Little Hu Immortal, his heart shuddered, all of his joy was swept away, his inner thoughts was filled with sadness, guilt, regret, and pity.


 Thus, he had repeatedly tried to meet Fang Yuan, attempting to give it his all to save this junior brother.


 At this moment, he sat on the stone boulder, he had an expression of grief as he sighed deeply: “I am ashamed, not only did junior brother save this life of mine, I even have to bear your consolation and kind words after meeting you.”


 Fang Yuan stretched out one arm, patting Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s shoulders, using his hoarse voice as he laughed: “Destiny is unpredictable, most things in life do not go your way. As a person, we should be more open minded. Although I became a zombie, it is still halfway between life and death, compared to those dead people and Giant Sun’s will, we are much better! Especially when at the final moment, I even obtained wisdom Gu! This is a huge profit, senior brother does not need to blame yourself, you should be happy.”


 When Fang Yuan was leaving, he opened the stargate.


 Wisdom Gu knew that this was a tunnel to the outside world, its survival instincts urged it to fly towards Fang Yuan on its own initiative.


 This was something Fang Yuan had expected.


 Stargate Gu was a mortal Gu, it could not contain the aura of an Immortal Gu. Fang Yuan gritted his teeth as he forcefully placed wisdom Gu in his immortal aperture.


 Even though wisdom Gu restrained its own aura and Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture was a dead land, having much greater capability to support it, Fang Yuan was barely able to handle it during the short period of time needed to pass through the stargate.


 The moment he returned to Hu Immortal blessed land, he quickly let wisdom Gu out.


 Hu Immortal blessed land was a rank six immortal aperture, but it was situated on Tian Ti mountain, it took in the earth qi of central continent and was very stable. It was not comparable with an immortal aperture that was still in a Gu Immortal’s body.


 Regarding wisdom Gu, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was aware of the matter.


 “An outstanding person will do outstanding things, junior brother’s abilities have truly made me feel nothing but deep admiration. But even the legendary rank nine Immortal Gu would not be able to treat junior brother’s zombie body. Why don’t you let me try and use man as before Gu!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was very emotional, at this point, he had already stood up, ready to give it a try.


 But Fang Yuan stopped him.


 “Senior brother, you know clearly deep within your mind that this man as before Immortal Gu can only return a person to a prior state within one moment in the past. Although it can revive a person, such a long time has already gone by, I do not know what countless number of moments have passed since then. How can it possible heal me? It will be in vain even if you try, why should you waste your precious green grape immortal essence?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression was ashen, his emotions were unstable. When Fang Yuan had finished his words, he suddenly stretched out his palms, slapping harshly on his own face!


 Crack crack crack.


 Five to six sharp sounds were heard, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was actually slapping himself.


 “Senior brother, stop it! What are you doing this for?” Fang Yuan acted like he was caught off guard, he hurriedly stood up, stretching out two arms and grabbing Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s hands.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng could not compete with Fang Yuan’s strength at all, after being immobilized, he cried profusely: “Junior brother, I have let you down, I am really very sorry!”


 As he cried, his knees bent as he actually attempted to kneel down.


 Fang Yuan quickly grabbed him, asking in shock: ” Senior brother, what are you doing?!”


 “Junior brother, if back then, I had lent man as before Immortal Gu to you, you would have been able to use it at the crucial moment and would not have turned into this current form!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng said with a tear stricken face.


 He was a very kind person, although he had indirectly caused the death of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai in the past, that was just a person’s instincts to survive. To him, Fang Yuan was the savior of his life, a benefactor. He was also his junior brother, they had the same master, but this person who was his benefactor and junior brother, was harmed because of his own negligence.


 If back then, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had taken the initiative to lend his Gu worm to Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan would not have ended up in such an awkward state.


 After Tai Bai Yun Sheng woke up, this thought had been lurking in his mind, it caused him to feel great grief and regret, he was in deep agony.


 At this moment, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was weakly falling towards the ground, he was in agony and regret, he was only supported by Fang Yuan’s two arms.


 Fang Yuan was six meters tall, he looked down at the crying Tai Bai Yun Sheng from above as a trace of eeriness flashed across his eyes.


 “I am very glad that you have such thoughts...” He laughed in his mind, but with his mouth he sounded very sincere as he said: “Senior brother, you do not need to be like this. Although a zombie’s body is very hard to revert, there exist many ways and methods that are available for me. And don’t forget that we have wisdom Gu here.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly shook his head, he spoke weakly: “Wisdom... wisdom Gu is as high as rank nine, it came here with you all because of its survival instincts. Junior brother, even if you are a rank six Gu Immortal, you are unable to refine it, and there is no way you can control... can control it!”


 “Of course I understand this. But even like this, just a bit of the light of wisdom is able to give me great rewards. In fact, my current zombie body has no lifespan, it is even more suitable for getting close to wisdom Gu!” Fang Yuan stretched out his third arm, patting Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s back lightly as he explained amicably.


 “And what’s more, I still have Mo Yao’s will.”


 “Mo Yao?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was confused.


 “This was an additional gain of mine in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, Mo Yao was once a refinement path grandmaster, a certain generation’s fairy of central continent’s Spirit Affinity House.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a born and bred man of northern plains, he had never heard of Mo Yao’s name, but as Spirit Affinity House was one of the the famous top ten sects of central continent, he had heard of it before.


 “A certain generation’s fairy of Spirit Affinity House, as well as a refinement path grandmaster. It seems that this Mo Yao is not simple.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s gloomy expression eased.


 Fang Yuan laughed again, saying: “And most importantly, senior brother, don’t forget that we still have master. I am sure that master has a solution for this. I will not hide this from you, after master handed me the mission for Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he only left me a single consumable Gu, with the specific use of reporting the details to him. I had already used this Gu two days ago, when I first returned to Hu Immortal blessed land.”


 Fang Yuan had searched Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s soul earlier in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, and learnt about his life experiences as well as secrets.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had once met a mysterious beggar, and obtained a time path Gu Immortal inheritance from him.


 Thus, Fang Yuan lied and swindled, using his eloquent tongue and world class acting skills to convince Tai Bai Yun Sheng in Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, making him believe that both of them have the same master, which is that old beggar.


 Fang Yuan even gave that old beggar a random title of Purple Mountain True Monarch.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng believed this lie from Fang Yuan completely.


 Now that Fang Yuan mentioned this, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes were shining: “So junior brother has a method to contact master! This is truly fantastic, others might not have a way, but master is such a knowledgeable person, I am sure he has a method!”


 The fires of hope were burning in his heart.


 From his tone, one could tell that the old beggar held a very important position within his inner thoughts, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was filled with confidence towards this old beggar.


 If at this moment, he knew the truth, who knows what expression he would show.


 Fang Yuan showed no flaws, replying calmly: “Senior brother, don’t be hasty, I believe that master’s letter is going to come in a few days, we should wait patiently.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, after Fang Yuan used the name of Purple Mountain True Monarch, his mood had finally calmed down.


 He stood up straight, as Fang Yuan let go of his arms.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng took a step back, his gaze was locked with Fang Yuan’s bright red eyes, he raised his palm and placed it by his chest, saying with a very solemn expression: “Junior brother, I will engrave your kindness deep into my heart, I will never forget it. I swear to Longevity Heaven, even if master has no way to cure you, I, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, will spend my entire life looking for a way to revive you, junior brother!”


 “Hahaha! Longevity Heaven is Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s grotto-heaven, we have just wrecked this old fellow’s True Yang Building, now you are swearing in its name, this is simply too ironic!” Fang Yuan raised his head and laughed: “Senior brother, I will be frank with you! We are all master’s pupils, and I have saved your life before. A droplet received in need will be repaid with an entire spring, next, I will need you to repay me fully!”


 “Tell me.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately responded without hesitation. He had long since decided to repay this debt, even if Fang Yuan wanted him to do the impossible, he would have no objections! During these days after he woke up, he had felt extremely guilty, his conscience was taking a beating and only by making a sacrifice for Fang Yuan would his heart feel slightly better.


 Thus, Fang Yuan also became solemn: “This matter, I have been thinking about it for a long time. That is our seniority issue! I am master’s legacy disciple, but because you became an immortal, you caught up to me. I am unsatisfied with this! I was originally a strength path Gu Immortal, even though I turned into a zombie, but sooner or later, there will be a day when I revert back. Thus, according to seniority, I am the senior brother, you are the junior brother.”


 “What?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng stared with his eyes wide open, he had never expected that the great debt Fang Yuan was requesting him to pay back was for such a tiny matter.


 A touched feeling welled up in his heart.


 Fang Yuan was someone who did not want to take advantage of his favor, but was he, Tai Bai Yun Sheng, someone who did not know how to repay favors?


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng thought in his mind, he sighed and stretched out his palm, patting Fang Yuan’s leg which was tough like a mountain rock. His sharp and rough leg hair even caused pain to Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s palm.


 Fang Yuan was like a giant, about six meters tall.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng could only pat his leg with that height.


 He was solemn, before raising his head, looking at Fang Yuan’s face, he laughed teasingly: “Oh junior brother, that is wishful thinking! How can a thing like seniority be so easily changed? Unless master personally rearranges our positions, I will definitely still be your senior brother, hahaha!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a man not lacking in pride, how could he repay this huge favor so easily?


 “Hey!” Fang Yuan shouted, venting his unhappiness: “Old Bai, why are you such a petty person! Could it be that you forgot what I said earlier? I will definitely not call you senior brother!”


 “Hahaha, junior brother, I can completely understand you, this senior brother does not mind.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed and laughed, he was so touched his tears were overflowing.


 How many years had passed in which he had not laughed so joyfully?


 He had finally found his organisation.


 Although he had not known Fang Yuan for long, he felt very close to him, it was as if they were family...


 His laughter was echoing in the mountain cave, with the pink crystal mountain walls also looking very heartwarming at this moment.



***
Chapter 652 - Seeing Wisdom Gu Again


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 There was only Fang Yuan left in the cave, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had already left.


 He sat on the stone bench, his eight monstrous arms were hanging down, some were behind his back, some were crossed, together with his huge body, just by sitting, he gave off a mountainous aura, it gave people fear.


 As for the way to deal with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, Fang Yuan had considered it deeply.


 Fang Yuan only trusted himself, he would never truly trust others.


 If he killed Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he would obtain man as before Gu and landscape as before Gu, as well as his rank six time path immortal aperture. But this was not maximising his benefits.


 He could not deny the fact that Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a very useful chess piece.


 This ‘useful’ was in two aspects.


 Firstly, he was worth using. Before he became an immortal, he was a famous healing Gu Master in northern plains. Now that he was a rank six time path Gu Immortal with a high grade blessed land, and don’t forget, he was even a flying master, he had great value if exploited.


 The second aspect was that he was easy to control. Fang Yuan had once searched his soul, thus he knew about Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s life experience clearly. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a kind-hearted man, he was conscientious and knew how to repay favors. He was indebted to Fang Yuan, because he had been helped several times in True Yang Building, especially during the final moment when he was rescued from the wind veil of assimilation, and even had his two Immortal Gu returned to him, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had placed his complete trust in Fang Yuan now.


 This point could be seen when Tai Bai Yun Sheng chose his seat earlier.


 There were many boulders in the cave. Fang Yuan had such an ugly appearance and was so huge, normal people who got close to Fang Yuan would feel great pressure and would subconsciously keep a distance from him. But Tai Bai Yun Sheng purposely chose a seat that was closest to Fang Yuan.


 This meant that in his heart, Fang Yuan was one of the closest people to him, he was not afraid that Fang Yuan would cause any harm to him.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng had once harmed Gao Yang and Zhu Zai, this was the most important point!


 His survival instincts took over his reasoning, this was something very natural. After that incident, Tai Bai Yun Sheng was filled with guilt and could not forget it. His appearance was haggard and he was mentally tortured. After Fang Yuan’s entrapment, he had almost gone crazy and rushed his immortal ascension, his original intention was to die.


 Attempting suicide because of his guilt, one could see how powerful his conscience was.


 By coincidence, Tai Bai Yun Sheng received the help of Giant Sun’s will and successfully became a Gu Immortal, before falling unconscious.


 Fang Yuan used the glass owner token, entering the round of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building he was placed in and woke him up. At this crucial moment, he told Tai Bai Yun Sheng about the ‘secret’ of their master. This precisely hit a weak point within Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s mental state.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng denied his own self, thus he was in great agony and was very lost.


 But at this moment, Fang Yuan appeared, giving him a group of apprentices and an organisation to provide him a sense of belonging, it gave him a feeling of protection and warmth. Next, Fang Yuan entered and exited his time path immortal aperture, casually asking him to take care of his Immortal Gu, this gave him the initial confidence.


 In addition, during their encounters and difficulties in True Yang Building, all that had happened gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng a good reason to fully trust Fang Yuan. In a way, he had to thank Mo Yao for interfering with his own mind, otherwise, how could he have obtained Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s unconditional trust?


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng caused the death of Gao Yang and Zhu Zai, this greatly violated his values and beliefs, he harboured extreme guilt. He felt that he was not such a person, yet he committed such an act. Now that I am his benefactor, he is indebted to me, he will definitely repay me a hundredfold or even a thousandfold. This is not only because he knows to repay favors, but also because this is a chance for him to prove that he is a good person!” Fang Yuan calmly analyzed.


 Bad people would not repay favors, in fact, they would even return the favor with ill intentions. In the future, the more Tai Bai Yun Sheng sacrifices for Fang Yuan, the more it would prove that he is a good person. That way, this can cancel out the guilt he felt towards Gao Yang and Zhu Zai. This touched upon the psychological studies from Earth, including the balance theory and compensation mentality.


 In a way, Fang Yuan gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng a chance to prove himself once more, and a reason for him to continue living.


 Fang Yuan knew this clearly, thus when he saved Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he even returned Man as Before and Landscape as Before, these two Immortal Gu.


 “I have way too many Immortal Gu, it is very costly to feed them. At this point, leaving Man as Before and Landscape as Before to Tai Bai Yun Sheng is undoubtedly better. At the same time, my immortal aperture is dead, it cannot produce immortal essence. I only have nineteen beads of green grape immortal essence, the more I use them, the fewer I have left. Although I can use some of Bai Hu’s immortal essence, isn’t it best if I can make use of Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s green grape immortal essence instead?”


 Thinking of the cost of feeding Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan felt a headache.


 Raising a Gu worm was like supporting a mistress, Gu Masters are often unable to afford it or maintain their upkeep. Ever since Fang Yuan had Hu Immortal blessed land, he had no problems feeding mortal Gu. But now that he had so many Immortal Gu, not even Hu Immortal blessed land could afford such high costs.


 This was a blissful worry!


 Many Gu Immortals did not have a single Immortal Gu, they were still looking for one. In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he also struggled to refine one, Spring Autumn Cicada, after he finally succeeded after numerous difficulties, he was forced to self-detonate.


 Right now, Fang Yuan was racking his brain, trying to think of how to feed so many Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan sat silently, attempting to find some inspiration from his previous life’s memories, after trying for a while, he gave up.


 “Sigh, after becoming a zombie, my cognition has truly slowed down. Earlier when speaking to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, I could feel my thoughts moving slowly. Right now, my thinking speed cannot keep up with my original pace.”


 He summoned the land spirit, Little Hu Immortal: “How is wisdom Gu? Where is it now?”


 Little Hu Immortal was the blessed land’s land spirit, she could understand everything that was happening in the blessed land.


 “Master, wisdom Gu had gone deep underground since it was brought here by you. It found a rockman cave and is currently slumbering inside.” Little Hu Immortal closed her eyes, after sensing for a while, she opened her giant watery eyes and said this.


 Fang Yuan nodded, ordering: “Bring me there.”


 The cave that wisdom Gu was in was rather big, after Fang Yuan was brought over by Little Hu Immortal, he could still move about freely.


 Sensing that Fang Yuan had arrived, wisdom Gu shone with a five colored light.


 Little Hu Immortal sat on Fang Yuan’s shoulder, staring at wisdom Gu curiously.


 This was the rank nine wisdom Gu!


 Although Little Hu Immortal could sense everything in the blessed land, but such a close range encounter was still very rare.


 “Oh wisdom Gu, I helped you to escape and saved your life. According to our earlier agreement, it is time for you to hold your end of the deal.” In the dark and grey cave, Fang Yuan’s voice echoed.


 Wisdom Gu was silent, after a few breaths’ time, it floated up into the air.


 At the same time, it summoned the light of wisdom.


 “So beautiful!” Little Hu Immortal stared with shining eyes, laughing joyfully.


 The sphere shaped light of wisdom was shining in many colors, it engulfed Fang Yuan and Little Hu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan could instantly feel many of his thoughts colliding, he could think at lightning speed, this was the result of an accelerated cognition speed.


 “This feeling... this is so comforting.” Little Hu Immortal slowly opened her eyes wide and stared dazedly, she was immersed in the wonderful feeling of being in the light of wisdom.


 But after a few breaths’ time, her body started fading.


 “Little Hu Immortal, you were formed from obsession, although fused with the heavenly power, you are still restricted by the wisdom Gu. You cannot stay here for long, quickly go back.” Fang Yuan stretched out a finger, pointing at Little Hu Immortal’s head, waking her up.


 Little Hu Immortal hugged her head, her white cheeks turned red with excitement.


 “Master, master, I can’t believe I could become so smart. Wisdom Gu is amazing!” She shouted, like a child who had found new toys, she was overjoyed.


 “Master is most amazing, you could even get wisdom Gu! Just let me stay here a bit longer, is that okay?” She started bootlicking Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “It seems that wisdom Gu had made you think more, quickly get out.” Saying so, his two fingers pressed on Little Hu Immortal’s head.


 Little Hu Immortal’s cute, tiny head was squeezed by Fang Yuan’s finger, as he pressed again and again.


 Little Hu Immortal pouted slightly as she shook her head: “Master, I am going to leave.”


 She did not dare to disobey Fang Yuan’s words, she vanished with a flash.


 The cave was quiet again, Fang Yuan did not sit down, since the zombie’s body was extremely hard and tough, there was no difference in feeling between sitting or standing.


 He stood in the halo, the first thing he did was to inspect Mo Yao’s will which was suppressed in his immortal aperture.


 Mo Yao’s will was unaffected by the light of wisdom.


 Even though he had confirmed this earlier in the wind veil of assimilation, Fang Yuan’s heart was finally at ease after confirming it once again.


 “Once the immortal aperture is formed, it is a small world. The walls of the immortal aperture are the walls of heaven and earth. It isolates the inside and outside, there is almost no outside force that can influence the small world inside.”


 Fang Yuan shut his bright red eyes as he started to think and ponder.


 He had become a zombie, the production of thoughts in his mind had become much slower, and his cognition had also slowed. But the light of wisdom could cause his thoughts to collide at an increased speed, as they collided, he would expend a lot of thoughts in a short period of time.


 If he was another ordinary zombie basking in this light, although he would turn smarter for a moment, he would become an idiot immediately afterwards.


 But there were wills in Fang Yuan’s mind.


 These wills were all formed from wisdom path Gu worms, they could think.


 Earlier, in order to deal with Mo Yao, Fang Yuan had delved into wisdom path and bought many different Gu worms like special will Gu, deliberate will Gu, sharp intent Gu and so on. These wills all helped him at the last moments of his journey in northern plains.


 Right now, Fang Yuan’s brain could no longer keep up, he had to use these wills as replacements.


 His primeval essence was limitless, thus his wills were also near infinite. Under the light of wisdom, the originally stable wills all melted like snow in sunlight, they were shrinking.


 What followed after was the appearance of flashes of inspiration, and his old memories were becoming clearer. As long as Fang Yuan concentrated and recalled his memories, these huge amounts of memories would vividly play out again in his mind.


 At this moment, the world seemed brighter.


 Even before he had truly thought of the result, Fang Yuan already had many different ideas to resolve the problem. As long as he followed these methods, Fang Yuan was sure that he would be able to find the most suitable method to solve this problem!



***
Chapter 653 - Bankruptcy and Zombie Alliance


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the underground cave, Fang Yuan bathed in the light of wisdom and pondered deeply.


 “Although I am reborn and have five hundred years of experience from my past life, but in contrast to old monsters like Mo Yao and Giant Sun, I pale in comparison. My previous dominance in this aspect has already vanished.”


 Throughout the flow of history, there were as many grand heroes as there were stars in the sky!


 In the history of humans, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was an unrivalled expert that could seldom be produced even in a million years.


 Fairy Mo Yao was a refinement path grandmaster, and back then was the fairy of Spirit Affinity House; she was a famous and influential person with shocking talent. In those days, she would be listed among the top ten renowned Gu Immortals in the large Central Continent.


 Fang Yuan had firm willpower and had gone through unique experiences, but he was also a single unremarkable star in this vast starry sky. With just his current strength and foundation, it was hard for him to be on par with the great experts that appeared in history.


 “This trip to northern plains has far surpassed my original expectations. If not for the meddling of Mo Yao’s will, I could have stayed in True Yang Building and explored gradually using a different identity every ten years. But at this point, the die is cast and northern plains is bound to be in a great uproar; countless experts and powerful forces will seek to find trouble with me!”


 Fang Yuan summed up his experiences and sensed that the losses he suffered were due to his weakness in the aspect of wisdom path.


 His strong points were in calculating and scheming. And building upon his experience preserved from rebirth, his advantages were further amplified.


 However, Mo Yao’s will was able to disturb his thoughts which caused him to not be able to think properly.


 “Eighty-Eight True Yang Building is a spiritual symbol of northern plains and I am the main culprit in causing it to be toppled. If I am captured now, the consequences will be unimaginable. Although I am able to hide in Hu Immortal blessed land right now, it is not actually safe. Not speaking of Immortal Crane Sect which has been eyeing Dang Hun mountain since the beginning, perhaps northern plains’ Gu Immortals could discover my origins and track me down through wisdom path deductions!”


 Fang Yuan knew clearly that holing up within Hu Immortal blessed land seemed extremely safe but was actually akin to waiting for death. Only by going on the offensive before these enemies ascertain the truth could he remedy this perilous situation.


 “Dark limit Immortal Gu, I have heard of it even in my previous life, it can indeed conceal aura and obstruct calculations. If I can get this Gu, I believe I can avert the dangerous situation.”


 Fang Yuan thought of Hei Lou Lan.


 This woman was not of minor importance and was an outstanding, ruthless person. She was pragmatic and could flexibly take advantage of situations; she betrayed her ancestor for her own interests and wanted to kill her own father – these evidently displayed a demonic nature! She possessed Great Strength True Martial Physique and also obtained a strength path Immortal Gu, once she advanced into a Gu Immortal, her path would be one of rapid progress.


 One could say that she was similar to Fang Yuan, but precisely because of this, in cooperating with her, it demanded exceptional caution.


 Whether it was Immortal Gu Dark Limit or Fixed Immortal Travel, they were both things he desired.


 Fang Yuan’s thoughts started to slow down as he thought till this point.


 The wills in his mind were nearly expended.


 Fang Yuan was dazed for a moment, before retreating from the light of wisdom to activate Gu worms and create new wills.


 His mind was soon filled with many types of wills.


 “It is a pity that mortal Gu cannot create too many wills and they are easily consumed in the light of wisdom. If I can use an Immortal Gu to create wills, their number would be enormous and could also be sustained for a long period of time, allowing me to think as much as I like!”


 Fang Yuan felt some regret.


 He had a rank six wisdom path Immortal Gu, Delight in Water and Mountain which could create joyful will.


 However, Fang Yuan did not use it after slight consideration.


 Immortal Gu required immortal essence. He only had nineteen beads of green grape immortal essence left, and because his immortal aperture had become a dead land, using one immortal essence bead would mean one fewer bead left without replenishment.


 He needed to save his immortal essence as much as possible to be prepared for the times when they are necessary.


 Thus, he opted to use mortal Gu for now.


 After accumulating a fixed amount of mortal wills, Fang Yuan stepped into the light of wisdom again.


 This time, he did not think about external situations, instead concentrating on himself.


 “I have transformed into a zombie, my cultivation cannot progress an inch, how to resurrect and restore my human body is the first issue. It would be great if I could use yin-yang rotation Gu, but I am an immortal zombie while yin-yang rotation Gu only is at rank four. The second issue is that I am already bankrupt!”


 Fang Yuan had invested almost all of his savings in his trip to northern plains. His required expenses were now already greater than his earnings and he was now facing bankruptcy.


 He did not even have one immortal essence stone in his possession now, even Hu Immortal blessed land had become extremely barren.


 Before the decisive battle in northern plains, Fang Yuan had already used up the remaining immortal essence stones. At the final juncture, he even had to exchange his goods to make purchases. He had already sold almost all the fox groups and wolf groups in Hu Immortal blessed land; in the large grassland in the blessed land, foxes and wolves could only be seen occasionally.


 Most of the nearly ten thousand hairy men Fang Yuan had bought in the past were also sold for emergency support. Now there were only around two thousand old hairy men that were experienced in refining Gu left which Fang Yuan was reluctant to sell off.


 The rockmen slave transactions had been a strong economic pillar for Fang Yuan. But after Immortal Crane Sect stopped the transactions, this pillar crumbled down. The rockmen trading market in treasure yellow heaven had already been divided up completely and it would be hard for Fang Yuan to squeeze in. This caused the already bad situation to turn worse.


 There was no use in merely having powerful battle strength. There must be enough resources to support one’s cultivation.


 The way of Gu involved nurturing, using and refining; Gu Masters could not just use Gu, they had to raise and also refine Gu.


 Fang Yuan was now a zombie, his cultivation had stagnated which further increased the resources he required. Only by doing so could he have a higher chance of restoring his life.


 Three days later.


 Within Dang Hun Palace.


 Fang Yuan made simple arrangements once again, building a rough hall where stone chairs were arranged in two rows. The main chair was as spacious as a bed with its back as high as a monument, however when Fang Yuan sat on it, it fit him just right.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was sitting on the first seat to Fang Yuan’s left; his brows were furrowed as he held a small and exquisite white dove.


 This white dove was flickering with faint radiance, it was the rank five messenger dove Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s consciousness left the messenger dove Gu after few moments; he heaved a deep sigh and worriedly said: “Master does not plan on helping and is making this a test for junior brother.”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Right. Master criticized me in the letter, saying I was greedy for small gains, not listening to his advice before I left and rashly opening Di Qiu inheritance, which caused me to encounter Mo Yao’s will and created a series of ill consequences. So this time, he wants me to resolve this issue by myself. Sigh, master’s style has always been like this, it seems I have no other option but to work hard!!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, approving of Fang Yuan’s last sentence.


 Back then, the old beggar disappeared right after giving him the Gu Immortal inheritance, not concerned with anything else. This style was the same as Fang Yuan’s test, thus Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not sense anything weird.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked in a quiet voice: “Junior brother, you said master had already taken in six legacy disciples. You are ranked fifth, grasping strength and enslavement path, with two Gu Immortal inheritances. That means you have five other fellow disciples, how about we ask them for help?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head.


 What a joke, of course it was not possible!


 This messenger dove Gu’s contents were fabricated by Fang Yuan. Purple Mountain True Monarch’s name was also casually made up by him. The six great legacy disciples were even more fictitious, how could one ask for help from those that did not exist?


 “This is not possible.” Fang Yuan gave a bitter smile, his gaze revealing extreme sincerity, “First of all, I only have heard master mentioning these fellow disciples once in a while. I have not personally seen them and also don’t know what their identities are or where they are located. More importantly, this is a task assigned by master! He has already approved of your status in the letter and has ranked you as the fifth disciple, and has said you have to help me for this period of time to solve this issue. At the same time, he allowed me to retain and use all the spoils of battle from northern plains, this is the help master is giving me. If I still ask for help from the other disciples, it would not be what master wishes for. After all, this is his test for me.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng worriedly and anxiously said: “Even if master did not say it, I would still remain by junior brother’s side and use all my strength to help you! What are your plans now?”


 “Old Bai, you also read the contents in the letter. Master mentioned for me to join Zombie Alliance.”


 “What kind of organisation is this Zombie Alliance?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked. He had just recently advanced into a Gu Immortal, as such there were many things regarding Gu Immortals he did not know about.


 “Zombie Alliance is just like what its name implies, it is an alliance of zombies. This alliance has existed since long ago, and reportedly it appeared in the Medieval Antiquity Era, three hundred thousand years ago. Now, it is a super force which is spread throughout the five regions; its main headquarters is in eastern sea, with a branch in each of the other four regions.” Fang Yuan introduced.


 “It actually extends throughout the five regions, could they be even more powerful than northern plains’ Huang Jin family?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was moved.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “That isn’t the case. Almost all of Zombie Alliance’s members compose of zombies, and their higher ups are immortal zombies like me. For the most part, these immortal zombies are Gu Immortals who reached the end of their lifespan and had no choice but to turn into zombies to prolong their life. These Gu Immortals’ immortal apertures are dead; they cannot produce immortal essence nor can they absorb heaven and earth qi, and after some time, their blessed land would start shrinking and parts of it would crumble. Thus, their battle strengths often can’t compare to normal Gu Immortals. Naturally, certain immortal zombies are exceptions.”


 Zombie Alliance’s branches were weaker than the respective region’s super forces. But the headquarters at eastern sea was a level stronger than the native super forces.


 “So it is like that.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng had grown in knowledge, he then asked with some doubt, “Then why does master want junior brother to join Zombie Alliance?”


 Fang Yuan thought for a moment before saying: “If a Gu Immortal reached the end of their lifespan and transformed into an immortal zombie with no other choice left, then later on, if they obtain lifespan Gu, they are sure to want to resurrect. Originally, one of the purposes for Zombie Alliance’s establishment was to help each other to research the method to regain a live physical body. So much time has gone by, they definitely have obtained some results. I think master’s purpose lies in this point.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was happy and also worried: “This suggestion is really good. But how will you join Zombie Alliance?”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Old Bai, you don’t need to worry. Joining Zombie Alliance is extremely simple, I only need to show my status as an immortal zombie.”


 “It’s that simple?”


 “Of course. Zombie Alliance is suppressed by all the super forces, thus they operate with much difficulty, as such they are very eager to have more members in the alliance. At the same time, an immortal zombie’s identity is not easy to disguise. Zombie Alliance has researched very deeply and has many methods to distinguish between immortal zombies. I intend to join northern plains’ Zombie Alliance, but before this, we have to wait for someone.”


 “Hei Lou Lan.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng blurted out.


 Fang Yuan nodded.


 He did not hide his plans to go to northern plains from Tai Bai Yun Sheng and had revealed almost everything, as he still needed to borrow the latter’s strength in the future.



***
Chapter 654 - Asking Mo Yao’s will


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Sigh, it has been so many years since I last saw a mirror willow.” Mo Yao’s will sighed, she touched the one and only mirror willow tree, speaking with deep emotions as she recalled the memories of her past.


 Fang Yuan’s will was by her side, he silently watched and did not say a word to disrupt her.


 This world was rotting and dark, it was Fang Yuan’s dead immortal aperture.


 Fang Yuan had tricked Mo Yao’s will into entering his immortal aperture, suppressing her afterwards.


 Mo Yao was a refinement grandmaster, she was once a legendary Gu Immortal. In the history of central continent, she had left behind her markings.


 Her will naturally had great value.


 Although Fang Yuan was harmed by Mo Yao’s will and had gone through a near death experience in northern plains, Fang Yuan did not hate Mo Yao’s will. On the contrary, there was appreciation, even as much as admiration.


 If he was the one scheming, he might not have done any better than Mo Yao’s will.


 He was prepared to interrogate Mo Yao’s will, but it turned out that she was extremely cooperative. Towards the questions that Fang Yuan asked regarding refinement path, not only did she answer all of them, she even elaborated on the points and Fang Yuan gained huge insights from her words.


 But when Fang Yuan asked about the information of Spirit Affinity House, Mo Yao’s will suddenly had a request: “I have been away from central continent for so many years, over these years, I have been missing the people and things over there more and more. Please find for me a tree of the mirror willow, it will alleviate my longingness for my homeland.”


 Mirror willows were ordinary plants, they were about the size of ordinary willow trees, but their leaves were like pieces of mirrors. The leaves of these willows were the food of beggar moths.


 In the past, during the rockmen transactions, Fang Yuan had purchased a batch of mirror willows from Immortal Crane Sect and had planted them in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Thus, he casually picked one of them and placed it into his immortal aperture.


 “Back in the day, my main body and brother Bo Qing had first met each other under this mirror willow. The world moves on after a genius perishes...” Mo Yao’s will sighed.


 Immediately after, she turned around, looking at Fang Yuan’s will: “Thank you for acceding to my request. Since you want to know about Spirit Affinity House’s matters, I will tell you about them. However, my information is extremely dated, you need to take note of this.”


 Fang Yuan’s will nodded.


 Mo Yao’s will stood below the mirror willow, telling him much of Spirit Affinity House’s inside information.


 Fang Yuan listened to her as he made comparisons to his five hundred years of experience, his understanding of Spirit Affinity House greatly increased.


 “Your immortal aperture is already dead, the mirror willow will be corroded by the death energy and turn into a dead tree in less than three days. What a pity...” After giving him Spirit Affinity House’s details, Mo Yao sighed again.


 But it unclear whether her ‘pity’ was directed towards the mirror willow or Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture.


 “The next time you come here, can you bring a cup of qingpu tea? This is Spirit Affinity House’s specialty tea, it is not rare. Although I cannot taste it, I would like to see it.” Mo Yao said.


 Fang Yuan’s will snorted: “It seems you have no awareness of your captive status. You are asking for this and that, are you scheming something again?”


 Mo Yao’s will laughed charmingly: “Oh Fang Yuan, you are too vigilant. Ever since my plan was exposed by you and was lured into the immortal aperture to be suppressed, I was already meat on the chopping block, subjected to your supervision at all times, you can do anything you want to me. How can I create any schemes and how would I be able to execute them?”


 “However, let’s speak openly. Even though I failed completely and have no way of turning this around, if you try and be forceful, you will get a very incomplete result. After all, soul searching is easy, but will searching is tough. If you were a wisdom path grandmaster, that would be possible, but sadly you have nearly no foundation in wisdom path, all your Gu worms were bought randomly in the market. Wisdom path is different from other paths, it is mysterious and complex, you have not even reached the entry level yet.”


 Mo Yao’s will started criticizing Fang Yuan, she was not holding back at all, after all, she knew that Fang Yuan was very broad-minded, he was a rare and extraordinary demon.


 Indeed, at the next moment, Fang Yuan’s will laughed: “You are right, my wisdom path attainment is low, but thanks for your cooperation, from now on, you can live in my immortal aperture. I will bring the qingpu tea next time.”


 Saying so, his will flew into the sky.


 The immortal aperture opened a tiny slit, and this will flew all the way up into Fang Yuan’s mind.


 In an instant, Fang Yuan learnt of all the information that this will had gotten from Mo Yao.


 Indeed, he lacked methods to proper search wills.


 Soul searching was easy, will searching was hard, this was normal.


 If that was not the case, when wisdom path Gu Masters fight their enemies using wills, these will would reveal their own secrets to their enemies when they are captured and taken.


 Precisely because will searching was hard, wisdom path Gu Masters used them to fight enemies.


 As for Mo Yao...


 “She is indeed quite a formidable person, no wonder she could leave her name in history.” Fang Yuan praised her and sighed secretly.


 Mo Yao’s will’s plan was exposed, she had utterly failed. She could not even self-detonate, she was sealed in Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture and was fully suppressed.


 But even in such a desperate situation, she did not give up.


 She cooperated with Fang Yuan, answering his questions for him, that was to display her value, and to fight for more time for herself.


 If one day, Fang Yuan encounters any danger and his immortal aperture shatters, or if he was captured by anyone, or died in the battlefield, Mo Yao’s will would have a chance to escape for freedom.


 Mo Yao’s will did not give up, her persistent and unyielding attitude made Fang Yuan inwardly feel admiration towards her.


 Of course, if Fang Yuan had the proper methods and could search wills, he would strike at the first moment. But currently, Mo Yao’s will was cooperating with him, this was better for his benefits.


 “If I could really find a wisdom path inheritance, it would all be easier. Unfortunately, wisdom path is mysterious and deep, there are very few wisdom path Gu Masters and Gu Immortals in number. There are no wisdom path inheritances that I know of in my memories.”


 Back then, Fang Yuan had collected some scattered wisdom path Gu worms in treasure yellow heaven. He had mild progress in terms of wisdom path.


 But now that he was bankrupt, he had almost no purchasing power, he could not even continue this mild progress.


 As for the details of Red Lotus Demon Venerable’s inheritance, he did not ask. Because Mo Yao’s will knew: Fang Yuan did not have any methods to deal with her yet.


 The two of them were smart people, they knew that asking forcefully was not possible.


 “Master, Immortal Crane Sect’s reply is here.” At this time, Little Hu Immortal appeared beside him, holding a rank five letter Gu.


 Immortal Crane Sect suddenly stopped the purchase of rockmen, not long ago, Fang Yuan had sent them a letter to probe about this.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s reply came very quickly.


 Fang Yuan took the letter Gu and his consciousness went into it.


 The content of the letter was written in a tough stance, they requested for Fang Yuan to initiate the trade of guts Gu, otherwise, Immortal Crane Sect would announce that Fang Yuan was a traitor of the sect, and would mobilize the Gu Immortals to attack Hu Immortal blessed land!


 A year ago, Fang Yuan had used Fixed Immortal Travel and snatched Hu Immortal blessed land from under everyone’s nose, it was like he was taking food from a tiger.


 Immortal Crane Sect immediately reacted, using the similar appearance of Fang Yuan and Fang Zheng to announce that Fang Yuan was actually a disciple that Immortal Crane Sect had nurtured in secret. The other nine sects thus recognised Immortal Crane Sect’s victory.


 Immortal Crane Sect’s plan was to remove the other nine competitors, then deal with Fang Yuan single handedly, attempting to take Hu Immortal blessed land for themselves.


 Fang Yuan was happy to see this.


 After all, the difficulty of dealing with solely Immortal Crane Sect was completely different from dealing with the ten great sects at the same time.


 But this way, Fang Yuan silently agreed with Immortal Crane Sect’s lie — he was Immortal Crane Sect’s disciple.


 “Hu Immortal blessed land is situated on Tian Ti mountain, even the ten great sects cannot attack it casually, as it would provoke public anger within central continent. But if they announced that I was a traitor of the sect, they would have the perfect reason to attack.” Fang Yuan’s expression was solemn, thinking about the situation.


 He was not afraid, this was something that he had expected over a year ago.


 He only did not expect that Immortal Crane Sect’s patience had worn thin so quickly.


 Fang Yuan laughed, saying to Little Hu Immortal: “Bring Tai Bai Yun Sheng here.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this news and his face turned gloomy: “What shall we do now? Immortal Crane Sect is one of the ten great ancient sects of central continent, it is a powerful force that surpasses northern plains’ super tribes. If they really attack, just the two of us cannot stop them!”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “Old Bai, oh Old Bai, I asked you here to inquire about your opinion regarding this difficult question. But the moment you met me, you asked me a question instead.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng gasped, he showed some embarrassment and shame as he frowned, thinking about it. Eventually, he had an idea: “Didn’t we ally with Hei Lou Lan? We can ask her to help us!”


 Evidently, Hei Lou Lan’s great battle strength was ingrained into Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart.


 “Although Hei Lou Lan has the Great Strength True Martial Physique, even if she advance into a Gu Immortal successfully, with just the three of us, we cannot stop Immortal Crane Sect.” Fang Yuan sighed and shook his head.


 “Then what shall we do? What shall we do?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng paced back and forth, thinking hard.


 Fang Yuan looked at him, laughing but not saying a word.


 Suddenly, Tai Bai Yun Sheng stopped in his tracks, he patted his head: “I’ve got it! Didn’t master ask you to join Zombie Alliance? We can totally join Zombie Alliance, and use Zombie Alliance’s force to threaten Immortal Crane Sect.”


 But Fang Yuan shook his head, saying: “Zombie Alliance’s structure is loose with little binding force, and central continent’s Zombie Alliance branch is far inferior to Immortal Crane Sect, it is not threatening in the least. Furthermore, if I try to make use of Zombie Alliance, I will have to give up some benefits. I’m afraid that instead of Immortal Crane Sect, Zombie Alliance would be the first to benefit from this.”


 “That won’t work too, then what are we going to do?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng raised his head and looked at Fang Yuan with a bitter, frowning expression.


 But when he saw Fang Yuan’s smile at the corner of his lips, he was stunned, before reacting, pointing at Fang Yuan as he scolded laughingly: “What a junior brother you are, actually lying to this senior brother, watching my desperation! You look so confident, it is obvious you already have a plan.”


 “Hahaha, Old Bai, you have amazing vision, I could not lie to you.” Fang Yuan laughed loudly, admitting it.


 “What method do you have, aren’t you going to tell me?”


 Fang Yuan replied: “I had already told you the background of this matter. Immortal Crane Sect said I was their disciple because they were afraid of the other nine great sects’ interference. This is their weakness, and is something I am going to use to make a breakthrough.”


 “What are you going to do?”


 Fang Yuan did not keep it from him: “I already have a plan to send a letter to Spirit Affinity House, establishing our first contact.”


 Earlier, Fang Yuan had asked about Spirit Affinity House’s information from Mo Yao for this purpose.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was worried again: “Establishing a relationship now and only sending a letter, isn’t that too late? The ten great sects compete with each other, but they also cooperate. Is it possible that Spirit Affinity House would reject your letter and give it to Immortal Crane Sect to express goodwill?”


 “Of course not, because this letter... is very special.” Fang Yuan was extremely confident.



***
Chapter 655 - Deducing a Gu recipe


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Many flashes of inspiration appeared in his mind.


 Countless ingredients and Gu worms formed into many different ideas.


 The thoughts in his mind were also being consumed at a rapid rate. Such intense expenditure had far exceeded Fang Yuan’s own limit in thinking speed.


 “The power of a rank nine Gu is truly terrifying! In fact, I have not even refined wisdom Gu, I am only using a bit of its light of wisdom.” Fang Yuan sighed in shock as he went out of the wisdom light halo.


 He was deducing and perfecting the refinement recipe of gruel mud Immortal Gu.


 Unlike beforehand when he reflected on the current situation or the changes in his body, perfecting an Immortal Gu recipe needed many more fields of consideration. A set of Gu refinement materials contained up to tens of hundreds of different materials. Not to mention the grouping and coordination of different Gu worms.


 Precisely because of this, the wills in Fang Yuan’s mind were depleting at a shocking rate.


 After a few days of accumulating wills, they were all expended in a dozen breaths’ time.


 The result of this was an advancement of less than 0.1% in the deduction of gruel mud Gu’s recipe.


 “But to get such progress, if I did this alone without the help of the light of wisdom, I would need at least half a year.” Fang Yuan estimated.


 A dozen breaths’ time in exchange for half a year’s time, this showed the great power of wisdom Gu.


 But Fang Yuan was not satisfied.


 Deducing Gu recipes required too many areas of consideration, too many of his wills were being consumed, and too quickly. The wills that he accumulated in a few days were quickly used up in such a short time.


 The result was, he could not deduce more than 0.1% of the Gu recipe.


 Fang Yuan’s original plan was to use wisdom Gu to deduce Immortal Gu recipes, before selling them in treasure yellow heaven for profit. But now he encountered a problem.


 “Deducing Immortal Gu recipe requires a great amount of will. But mortal Gu produce too little will each time. Even though I have been using these mortal Gu to create wills at full capacity these days, I have almost pushed them to their limits, if I exceed this, the mortal Gu will be damaged, unless I use the rank six delight in water and mountain Gu...”


 Fang Yuan thought about it for a while before deciding to give it a go.


 He consumed one bead of green grape immortal essence, activating delight in water and mountain Gu.


 Swoosh!


 The Immortal Gu floated above his head, bursting out with a brilliant and dazzling light.


 The light poured down, like a heavenly river, injecting into Fang Yuan’s mind.


 This joyful will was produced at such a grand scale. Compared to rank five mortal wisdom path Gu, the will they produced was like a puddle of water. Meanwhile, this joyful will was produced like a great river!


 “As expected of an Immortal Gu!” Fang Yuan was overjoyed.


 Joyful will continued to pour and inject into him, only after a long while did it stop.


 In Fang Yuan’s spacious mind, a third of it was filled with joyful will.


 Special will was a golden color, appearing like sand. Joyful will was bright yellow.


 “That is to say, as long as I activate delight in water and mountain Gu three times, my mind would be filled completely? No wonder the market in treasure yellow heaven would have those wisdom path Gu that can make the mind more spacious.” Fang Yuan gained some enlightenment from his experiment.


 Strength path Gu worms modified the Gu Master’s body. In contrast, wisdom path Gu worms modified the person’s mind.


 Fang Yuan entered the wisdom light halo once again, falling into deep thoughts.


 Euphoria!


 This felt way too good!


 Like there were no limits binding him, everything was clear. For any difficult problem, a breakthrough could be attained in a flash! The only difference was: The harder the problem, the more will would be expended.


 A vast amount of refinement materials were chosen one by one, countless Gu worms were combined into groups and tested at lightning speed, before splitting them apart again.


 Fang Yuan showed off his great skills, he felt that there was no problems in this world that could trouble him.


 This feeling was splendid, only until all of the joyful will was expended, did Fang Yuan leave the light of wisdom reluctantly, he felt that only a dozen breaths’ time had passed by since then.


 But in reality, seven minutes had gone by already.


 “Puff...” Fang Yuan let of a sigh of turbid air, he shook his head.


 After leaving the light of wisdom, he immediately went back to his former self, he was still that zombie with slow cognitive abilities.


 The great difference felt like falling from heaven into hell.


 Fang Yuan breathed in deeply, adjusting his emotions as he inspected the fruits of his labor.


 The progress of the deduction of gruel mud Immortal Gu’s recipe advanced by one percent.


 Compared to before, this was huge progress!


 Fang Yuan nodded, but he soon shook his head again.


 He silently left the underground cave, going to Dang Hun mountain’s palace.


 “Junior brother, how is the situation?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been waiting inside the palace for some time, he quickly asked Fang Yuan in concern.


 He was covered in dust and sand, he had just returned after inspecting the western area of Hu Immortal blessed land.


 “Take a seat.” Fang Yuan waved to him, taking a few big steps to the main seat and sitting down.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan with a curious gaze after choosing the seat closest to him.


 He knew that Fang Yuan was using wisdom Gu to deduce an Immortal Gu recipe. Not long ago, he had followed Fang Yuan into the underground cave, and had looked at wisdom Gu from far away — he had finally obtained a lifespan Gu from Fang Yuan some time ago, he had limited lifespan and did not dare to get close to this legendary Gu worm.


 Fang Yuan leaned on the stone block like it was a chair, his legs were spread open and a pair of his arms were placed on his leg. One pair was crossed over his abdomen, while another pair was at the handle of the seat. The final pair was crossed over his chest, he sat with a grand posture, like an unmoving mountain, he was still and silent, like a giant statue.


 He sighed, saying: “Mortal Gu were not efficient to use. I tried using the wisdom path Immortal Gu Delight in Water and Mountain. The river of joyful will that it produced, under the light of wisdom, allowed my Gu recipe deduction to progress by one percent.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng heard this and stood up from his seat in excitement, he showed evident joy on his face: “One percent? As expected of the rank nine wisdom Gu! That means, if we use it a hundred times, we will be able to deduce an Immortal Gu recipe? With these Immortal Gu recipes, we can sell them in treasure yellow heaven, this is a huge treasure chest that can yield us endless profits! By then, we will have an unceasing flow of immortal essence stones!! To think... that after becoming a zombie, junior brother can actually receive such benefits!”


 These days, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had been worrying over cultivation resources.


 He found out that after becoming a Gu Immortal, he needed much more cultivation resources.


 When Gu Master cultivate, they nurture their apertures, when Gu Immortal cultivate, they nurture their immortal aperture.


 There are many different ways one can nurture an immortal aperture. But the ultimate goal was the same, that is to make the immortal aperture’s small world more vibrant and diverse.


 Planting more varieties of plants in the immortal aperture, bringing in more animals, improving the cycle of life and establishing a proper food chain, nurturing and feeding more varieties of Gu worm groups...


 The more prosperous the immortal aperture, the greater life force it would have, and the faster immortal essence would be produced in the immortal aperture.


 This was the cultivation path of Gu Immortals, this was their way of improving.


 Thus, in treasure yellow heaven, not only were Gu worms and Gu recipes sold, there were also the sale of beast groups, vegetation, mysterious stones, precious water, and so on.


 Looking at Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s excited look, Fang Yuan nodded in satisfaction: “It seems that my method of asking you to inspect Hu Immortal blessed land and becoming familiar with the cultivation path of Gu Immortals is very effective. You have finally realized the importance of cultivation resources. But unfortunately, although selling Immortal Gu recipes is a very profitable trade, we temporarily cannot engage in that.”


 “Ah, why is that?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was confused.


 “Because the investment is too great.” Fang Yuan sighed: “To get something from nothing, to deduce a rank six Immortal Gu recipe, the amount of green grape immortal essence we would need to expend is at least over a hundred.”


 “Junior brother, didn’t you deduce one percent of this Immortal Gu recipe?”


 “That is because what I was deducing was the gruel mud Immortal Gu remnant recipe. I told you before, earlier I had engaged in the trade of gruel mud, thus I obtained many gruel mud Immortal Gu remnant recipes. But after I collated these remnant recipes, I only obtained this sixty percent remnant recipe.” Fang Yuan answered.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was not stupid, he immediately understood Fang Yuan’s words.


 With the light of wisdom, no problem could trouble Fang Yuan.


 Under normal circumstances, if he encountered difficulty when deducing Gu recipes, they would be hard to resolve. If he was lucky and had a burst of inspiration, he would be able to think of a solution. But if he was unlucky and could not resolve this problem, he would be stuck there for years, or even decades without making any progress.


 But with wisdom Gu, Fang Yuan faced no difficulty when deducing Gu recipes.


 Even if Fang Yuan encountered a problem that he could not solve due to his foundations, he just needed to think more. Using the light of wisdom to think, he only needed to consume more wills in order to resolve this problem.


 In this way, Immortal Gu recipes were easier to deduce towards the later parts.


 A sixty percent remnant recipe means it already has a general direction, this could allow Fang Yuan to rule out a large number of Gu refinement elements. On this basis, he progressed by one percent of the deduction.


 That is to say, if he started from zero, from scratch, and deduced the recipe from nothing, it would be extremely difficult, he would not even reach one percent.


 Fang Yuan continued: “I only have eighteen green grape immortal essence beads, while you have twenty-six. Hu Immortal blessed land only has sixty-four beads of Bai Hu’s immortal essence. But you and Hu Immortal land spirit cannot be under the wisdom light halo. Even if I lend delight in water and mountain Immortal Gu to you, the joyful will that you create cannot be used by me. At this point, the gruel mud remnant recipe is the most promising of them, but it also requires about forty beads of immortal essence from us. Don’t forget that we are not safe now. Northern plains’ Gu Immortals and Immortal Crane Sect are going to find trouble with us. Especially if wisdom Gu is exposed, I’m afraid every Gu Immortal in the five regions would charge towards us with killing intent!”


 “Yes, the investment is too big, and we also need to preserve some green grape immortal essence as a preemptive measure to guard against enemies and accidents.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, he sighed deeply and looked at the ground, he accepted this fact in disappointment.


 But immediately after, he raised his head, his eyes shining with light: “Eh? I have an idea! Junior brother, I remember you told me about the matter with Lang Ya land spirit. Master told you about the secrets of Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, thus when you requested help from Lang Ya land spirit, you said you deduced it yourself. That caused Lang Ya land spirit to assume you were a wisdom path Gu Master, and it wanted to work with you to perfect Gu recipes.”


 “Oh!” Fang Yuan pretended to jolt into realization, he showed an appropriately excited expression on his face: “There is such a thing, ahh, ahh, after becoming a zombie, my brain is so useless, I did not think of this! Old Bai, you are completely right, the best remnant recipe that I have right now is the sixty percent gruel mud Immortal Gu recipe. There must be many remnant recipes in Lang Ya land spirit’s hands. He probably has remnant recipes with a much higher completion rate.”


 “Junior brother, you are familiar with Lang Ya land spirit, and you also know the method to enter Lang Ya blessed land, we can totally cooperate with Lang Ya land spirit!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng thought about this amazing plan and laughed loudly and heartily.



***
Chapter 656 - I will take down my brother in the name of justice


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Old Bai, your reminder is very true, but I have no way to directly contact Lang Ya land spirit. I used two opportunities in the past to obtain two Immortal Gu from that old man, Lang Ya land spirit, and I was nearly chased out by him. Hehehe, I don’t think I’ll be able to contact him.” Fang Yuan smiled bitterly.


 “Is that so...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s joy on his face froze.


 Linking between two blessed lands could be done through hole earth Gu, directly connecting both of their territories. Earlier, when Fang Yuan traded with Immortal Crane Sect, he used this method.


 But Fang Yuan and Lang Ya land spirit’s relationship was naturally not close to that extent.


 Most critically, Hu Immortal blessed land was in central continent, while Lang Ya blessed land was in northern plains, even the hole earth Gu was not easy to use. To directly connect to there, he needed to use stargate Gu.


 Stargate Gu came in pairs, but Fang Yuan only had one stargate Gu left now. The other one was destroyed in the wind veil of assimilation.


 “It seems we can only return to northern plains and meet Lang Ya land spirit personally, before asking for cooperation.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed.


 “No, there is another method that relies on luck.” Fang Yuan hummed: “That old land spirit loves refining Gu, but he cannot go out to search for Gu refinement materials. Lang Ya blessed land’s terrain is very plain, it can produce very limited varieties of materials, he will have to go to treasure yellow heaven often. We can wait for him patiently, staring at treasure yellow heaven until his divine sense appears.”


 “Right, there is still this method!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s eyes shone.


 “So from now on, I will be relying on you, Old Bai.” Fang Yuan said as a matter of fact.


 “No problem, count on me. I will go back now and open connecting heaven Gu, linking to treasure yellow heaven!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng patted his chest, he could not wait any longer, he was brought back to his residential area by the land spirit.


 He chose to build a temporary house at the western area of the blessed land.


 That was his temporary home.


 The terrain of Hu Immortal blessed land was similar to northern plains, Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not feel any discomfort living here, he felt a serene feeling like being at home.


 Having roamed northern plains for about half his life, he had finally found an organisation and had settled down, therefore he especially treasured this home.


 After sending Tai Bai Yun Sheng away, Fang Yuan fell into deep thought.


 He had already thought of cooperating with Lang Ya land spirit long ago. In truth, a few days ago, he had asked Little Hu Immortal to keep an eye on treasure yellow heaven, waiting for Old Immortal Lang Ya’s divine sense.


 But there was no progress at all.


 What he was thinking about now was not the matter about Lang Ya land spirit, but about Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 His journey in northern plains was very chaotic, now during these days when he was in Hu Immortal blessed land, he observed Tai Bai Yun Sheng heavily and gained a lot of insight on this person.


 “Tai Bai Yun Sheng is indeed a good person. He has ability but no ambition. His intelligence is only that of an average person, what he really has is the wisdom accumulated from his entire life’s experiences. He does not have a grasp of the big picture, it is no wonder that even though he was a former young tribe leader, and having roamed for so many years, with sufficient reputation and strength, he did not manage to create a force of his own.” Fang Yuan evaluated in his mind.


 Such a person is best as a follower that closely sticks to him, he should not be left alone due to his lack of leadership capability. Because of his nature and beliefs, if he is far away, not only would he be unable to cooperate, he might even ruin plans.


 Over these days, Fang Yuan had been in constant contact with Tai Bai Yun Sheng, their relationship had been improving.


 During several of their late night talks, Fang Yuan talked of his experiences since rebirth, only with the addition of the non-existent “Purple Mountain True Monarch”.


 Meanwhile, Tai Bai Yun Sheng talked about basically all of his life’s experiences.


 Many times, even though Fang Yuan already had some plan in his heart, he still asked Tai Bai Yun Sheng to come over and discuss it.


 It might seem like a waste of time, but this was Fang Yuan’s elaborate plan.


 Firstly, it was to test Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s ability and true self, to see if his emotions really came from the bottom of his heart.


 Secondly, telling him about the current situation without concealing anything increased his sense of belonging, and his feelings of responsibility.


 Thirdly, it was a type of formless suppression towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng. The result of all their discussions usually ended up with Fang Yuan’s method being used, and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s method being denied. As this happened more frequently, subconsciously, Tai Bai Yun Sheng would rely more and more on Fang Yuan, paying greater attention to his plans and denying his own ideas. At crucial moments, Fang Yuan would be able to make decisions without any opposition. They would not quarrel over their own ideas and lead to conflict which could botch a situation.


 Fang Yuan was not Hei Lou Lan, Hei Lou Lan had the rank six slavery Gu and could enslave a Gu Immortal.


 Fang Yuan did not have it, but Tai Bai Yun Sheng was neither Bai Ning Bing nor Hei Lou Lan.


 Most importantly, Fang Yuan had his own methods, and he believed: Even without slavery Immortal Gu, he could still subdue Tai Bai Yun Sheng, to squeeze out his greatest potential and become his tool.


 This was the confidence of a demonic path overlord!


 Central Continent, Fei He mountain.


 The clouds were abundant in the sky, thousands of cranes were flying.


 Winds blew on the verdant green mountain, Fang Zheng sat on a cliff, focusing his gaze on thousands of iron beak flying cranes, as they created different formations according to his will. At times they charged, at times they split into two to pincer attack, and at times they formed a circular defensive formation.


 The wind blew his long hair, his bright eyes were shining with determination.


 Tough times make men grow, to Fang Zheng, the Hu Immortal blessed land’s competition a year ago was a major setback for him.


 After some consolation, he walked out of his despair, and put in even more effort, he had almost risked his life to cultivate daily!


 At this time, a voice came from Fang Zheng’s aperture: “Good, your command of the iron beak flying cranes have reached a stage where you can manipulate them with ease, they move with a thought from you. Now, you can already go back to the sect to take the flying crane manipulation test, and attempt to get B grade evaluation. You have a sixty percent chance of succeeding, if you do, you will get the test reward — a rank five, five hole jade flute Gu. Once you have this Gu, your manipulation of the crane group would reach quasi enslavement master level.”


 The voice originated from a spirit incubating flea in Fang Zheng’s aperture.


 Fang Zheng’s master — Lord Sky Crane’s soul was residing in this Gu worm.


 “Rank five, five hole jade flute Gu?” His eyes shone, excitement was all over his face: “Yes, master, I will go now.”


 Fang Zheng stood up, he willed and a large iron beak flying crane king arrived before him.


 He jumped and easily got on the crane king’s back.


 The crane king cried out in a proud tone. Fang Zheng sat on the crane king’s back, the crane group flying around him, it was a scene of white as he flew towards Immortal Crane Sect amidst the wind and clouds.


 Not long after, he arrived at white jade square D.


 The iron beak flying crane landed in the square, Fang Zheng had just landed, when one of Immortal Crane Sect’s disciples ran over quickly, greeting him: “Senior brother Fang Zheng.”


 Fang Zheng nodded: “Junior brother, I am here to take the flying crane manipulation test.”


 “Senior brother Fang Zheng, please follow me.” Immortal Crane Sect’s disciple led the way.


 “Quickly look, guys, that is senior brother Fang Zheng. He is the number one elite disciple of our batch!”


 “Did you hear, senior brother Fang Zheng is actually attending the flying crane manipulation test.”


 “Senior brother Fang Zheng is an enslavement path genius, to think that he has already reached the stage of quasi enslavement path master, he is truly amazing...”


 Along the way, everyone’s whispered discussions entered Fang Zheng’s ears.


 Fang Zheng heard them and smiled lightly.


 He was now fully grown, his body was tall and he had long black hair that resembled a cape, his eyes were crystal clear. Although he looked ordinary, he had quite the disposition and was full of life. Wearing a green and white robe, he looked like a gentleman, it was very comfortable to look at him.


 “Although senior brother Fang Zheng is strong, his brother is even more amazing, he is a superb character who managed to obtain Hu Immortal blessed land.”


 “That’s right, according to a reliable source, his brother, Fang Yuan, is secretly a legacy disciple of a certain supreme elder. When Spirit Affinity House were on the verge of taking Hu Immortal blessed land, the supreme elder had no choice but to send senior brother Fang Yuan out, as expected, he shocked everyone and sealed the deal, obtaining Hu Immortal blessed land!”


 “Fang Zheng has a good brother, the guts Gu on Dang Hun mountain can strengthen the soul. I can bet that Fang Zheng used the guts Gu. Otherwise, with just his own hard work, how can he raise his cultivation to rank five in one year? Furthermore, his enslavement path attainment improved at lightning speed, he is actually going to take the flying crane manipulation test!”


 The tone of these people was sour and bitter, Fang Zheng heard them as his smile slowly vanished, his fists which were hidden in his sleeves were tightly clenched.


 “Brother!” Fang Zheng’s eyes shone with a trace of darkness.


 Ever since Fang Yuan used some unthinkable method to snatch Hu Immortal blessed land, Immortal Crane Sect had declared publicly that Fang Yuan was Immortal Crane Sect’s disciple.


 During this year, Fang Zheng felt like life had returned to the past, when he was suppressed by Fang Yuan.


 No matter what great results he obtained or how many improvements he made, others would only praise him briefly before mentioning the even more impressive Fang Yuan.


 “Calm your spirit, my disciple.” Lord Sky Crane’s voice came from the spirit incubating flea.


 Lord Sky Crane’s experiences were much richer than Fang Zheng. After these years of staying together, he had grasped a firm understanding of Fang Zheng.


 He consoled Fang Zheng: “These years, I have seen all of your hard work. You are in no way inferior to your brother. Don’t forget, you are now a rank five Gu Master, a quasi enslavement master! I bet your brother is not your match right now. In any case, Fang Yuan is going to face extermination soon. The sect has mobilized three supreme elders in this plan, they are tasked to take back Hu Immortal blessed land, your brother has no way to survive.”


 Three supreme elders... that is the battle strength of three Gu Immortals.


 Fang Zheng heard this and licked his lips, before his gaze turned a bit dimmer.


 Lord Sky Crane knew what he was thinking, he laughed and said: “Fang Zheng, don’t feel any guilt towards this. Your brother had ventured into the wrong path, he is walking on the demonic path now. He actually slaughtered his entire clan, this makes him a beast worse than pigs or dogs! Fang Yuan is a true and blue demonic head, you cannot feel any sympathy towards him. Killing him is equivalent to benefitting the people of the world. Think about it, if he is alive, how many innocent people would be harmed?”


 “That’s right. Brother’s hands are full of blood, he is a murderer! A killer! I will take revenge for my clan, for my uncle and aunt, for Shen Cui Er!” Fang Zheng inwardly shouted, urging himself.


 “Good, that’s it.” Lord Sky Crane was evidently very happy with Fang Zheng’s attitude: “Think about these years, you were training in Fu Hu blessed land, how dangerous and terrifying was it! One year outside was eight years inside Fu Hu blessed land! You became a rank five Gu Master, suffering so much and enduring so much, wasn’t it for the greater plan of taking back Hu Immortal blessed land? Don’t screw up at the last moment, you cannot disappoint everyone at this most crucial juncture.”


 “Don’t worry, master! I understand, I will do my best and contribute to the sect, I will exterminate all evil, and take down my brother in the name of justice! I will not disappoint you!” Fang Zheng assured resolutely and unhesitantly.



***
Chapter 657 - Dong Fang Chang Fan, Miniscule Mountain


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The light of wisdom dyed the cave walls with beautiful lights.


 Fang Yuan quietly stood in it for a good while before opening his eyes, slowly stepping out of the wisdom light halo.


 The wills in his mind were almost fully consumed. Mortal Gu could only produce limited wills and could not compare to wisdom path Immortal Gu.


 “My deduction of Immortal Crane Sect’s plan has failed, not because I don’t have enough wills, but because I don’t have enough clues.” Fang Yuan reflected inwardly.


 After being in the wisdom light halo many times over these days, he had summed up his experiences.


 Wisdom Gu was different from natural inspiration.


 Wisdom Gu emitted the light of wisdom which could provide unending insights to Gu Master. But the result of the thoughts and deductions were based on the Gu Master’s foundation as well as the clues they had accumulated.


 Fang Yuan’s attempt at deducing Immortal Crane Sect’s conspiracy against Hu Immortal blessed land failed because he did not have enough evidence.


 In summary, the deeper the Gu Master’s foundations and the more evidence they gathered, the more accurate the outcome of the deduction would be.


 Naturally, when there was more evidence, there would be more factors to consider, and the amount of thoughts and will consumed would also become larger. Especially when deducing Immortal Gu recipes, the factors to consider were too many, thus the wills consumed were enormous.


 As for natural inspiration, it was a precious experience when a Gu Master advances to a Gu Immortal.


 During this process, the Gu Master questions heaven and earth, and heaven and earth would directly provide the solutions with no need for the Gu Master to think.


 Let’s take a difficult mathematical problem from Earth, for example, solving a multivariate equation.


 If the Gu Master used wisdom Gu, his thoughts would quickly consume while he would obtain numerous insights, causing there to be many paths to the solution. Some of these paths might be dead ends while some might give wrong results. Only a few would be correct paths which could deduce the solution.


 While natural inspiration would be akin to directly giving the correct answers.


 The Gu Master would obtain the correct answer, but they had to know how to use it.


 Thus, during natural inspiration, the Gu Master should not ask overly profound questions. Fang Yuan did not directly ask about eternal life; maybe heaven and earth would give him an answer but he would absolutely not be able to comprehend it.


 It was like a child who had not learned mathematics seeing a linear equation, they naturally would not be able to comprehend the answer.


 To comprehend this answer, the child would have to learn numbers, unknown variables, positive and negative numbers, and so on. But this would only be the foundation of the foundation.


 To Gu Masters, even if they obtained answers to excessively profound questions, they would not be able to comprehend it or be able to use it.


 Even if they asked about all aspects of this difficult problem during natural inspiration and comprehended the basics, the time consumed would be too high, the amount of information would also be so large that the mind would not be able to bear it.


 As such, the best way to make use of natural inspiration was to ask according to the state of one’s current foundation, then stabilize the foundation and progress step by step.


 “But within wisdom path, there is an Immortal Gu that can allow a Gu Immortal to directly obtain answers. That is heavenly secret Gu. Gu Masters do not need to have their thoughts collide nor make deductions, as long as they grabbed onto that strand of heavenly secret, they would directly obtain the answer. In the records of history, this Gu was created by Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable; he possessed a rank eight heavenly secret Immortal Gu but after his death, this heavenly secret Immortal Gu disappeared without a trace and there has been no news regarding it since then.”


 Fang Yuan suddenly recalled heavenly secret Immortal Gu.


 Gu worms had one ability, and even the rank nine wisdom Gu was no exception. The higher the ranks of the Gu, the more powerful their ability was. If wisdom Gu was truly activated, its effect would definitely be terrifying. But even if it was stronger, it could not replicate the effect of heavenly secret Immortal Gu.


 “It was rumored that Paradise Earth Immortal Venerable was the rank nine Gu Master who could detect and react to the heavenly fate most closely. He created heavenly secret Immortal Gu to interact with heaven and earth, and also to experience natural inspiration again. If I have heavenly secret Immortal Gu, it would combine exquisitely with wisdom Gu. Meanwhile, if anyone else used heavenly secret Immortal Gu to investigate me, all of my secrets would likely be exposed...”


 Heavenly secret Immortal Gu could let Gu Masters directly question heaven and earth.


 There were no events in the world that heaven and earth did not know of.


 It was as the saying goes, except you and me, only heaven and earth know.


 As for other wisdom path Gu worms, Fang Yuan did not need to worry for the moment. The wind veil of assimilation had swallowed everything, cleaning up all the traces of crimes Fang Yuan had committed in Imperial Court blessed land.


 Without heavenly secret Immortal Gu, wisdom path Gu Masters would have to make deductions according to normal methods and that was to gather as much evidence and clues as possible.


 They were unable to plunder any crucial clues from Imperial Court blessed land and could only begin investigating from the Imperial Court contest. It was not impossible to deduce Fang Yuan’s true identity with this, it was only that the probability was low and the time required would be longer.


 Northern Plains, Jade Pool blessed land.


 From a bird’s eye view, the blessed land was covered with innumerable large and small deep pools with the color of a mixture of blue and green.


 Lead by Chanyu tribe’s Gu Immortal, Tong Zu, around ten Gu Immortals of northern plains’ righteous path slowly descended from the air.


 “The noble Jade Pool blessed land is truly unique and fresh. These innumerable jade pools are like the stars in the sky, their beauty unmatched.” A female Gu Immortal strolled through the sky, expressing her admiration. Her hair that was twenty to thirty feet long draped behind her and was extremely eye catching.


 “All of these jade pools have different types of water, raising countless aquatic species. Dong Fang tribe’s fish groups and water vegetation have been famous for a long time in treasure yellow heaven.” A male Gu Immortal opened the third vertical eye on his forehead and gazed at the jade pools with a shining gaze.


 “Lord Murong Qing Si and Lord Guan Shen Zhao are exaggerating. My tribe’s Jade Pool blessed land has only been in operation for just over six thousand years; the landscape cannot compare to Murong tribe’s Yin-Yang blessed land, while in terms of productivity, it still falls short of Guan tribe’s Shi Huang blessed land.” Gu Immortal Dong Fang Yi Kong who was attending to them, welcomed them with a smile, modestly talking of Dong Fang tribe’s specialities.


 Jade Pool blessed land was the headquarters of the Huang Jin family’s Dong Fang tribe, a super force.


 A group of Gu Immortals slowly descended.


 This, among the myriad jade pools, did not appear to be a remarkable location.


 Beside a jade pool was a small hut.


 An elderly man was sitting beside the pool in front of the house, in the midst of fishing.


 “These are underworld eels.” Guan Shen Zhao’s vertical eye on his forehead gazed at the pool before blurting out in shock at the scene inside the clear pool.


 When the other Gu Immortals heard it, some of them also showed slightly moved expressions.


 “Sir Dong Fang, we have already not seen each other for over ten years. Thinking of back then when we charged into Snowy Mountain and fought side by side.. Sigh, time really flies by...” Everyone stood still, as Gu Immortal Tong Zu who had the highest cultivation made a greeting.


 “Lord Tong Zu, you are still as graceful as ever while this old man has one foot in the grave, I don’t dare to compare with you.” The elderly man who was fishing stood up slowly; he was Dong Fang Chang Fan, northern plains’ number one wisdom path Gu Immortal.


 Dong Fang Yi Kong walked to Chang Fan’s side, as Chang Fan continued: “Dong Fang tribe is honored with the presence of all of you, being able to welcome everyone to my humble abode is an extreme honor. Everyone, please come in.”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan led everyone inside the hut.


 The inside of the hut was spacious; there was a plaza and also halls. There were sixteen stone statues at the plaza, seemingly arranged in order as well as randomly, as they were separated by varied distances. The expressions on them were subtle, as if containing some kind of mystical pattern.


 “This is Dong Fang tribe’s rank six Immortal Gu House — Modest Thatched Hut? It truly is brilliant.” One Gu Immortal praised directly.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan led everyone to the administration hall and seated them. Northern plains’ righteous path Gu Immortals, representing all the different forces, had gathered under one roof!


 Dong Fang Chang Fan sat at the main seat and smiled as he observed everyone: “This time, I have invited everyone here personally in order to make a transaction with you.”


 Guan Shen Zhao and the others glanced at each other with no one taking the initiative to speak, it was still Tong Zu who responded: “Sir Dong Fang already decided to not make deductions for others tens of years ago. But in the letter, you said you were making an exception for us, and will deduce the true culprit of the destruction of True Yang Building or perhaps other aspects. But I wonder how we can pay for this transaction?”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan coughed several times before sighing: “This old man’s lifespan is at its end and I know there is no hope in prolonging my life. But before I depart, I have some concerns lingering in my heart. One is the tribe’s growth and the other is my tribe’s descendants, I hope I can make this transaction with everyone. This old man shall make deductions for each of your tribes once, and after I die, I hope everyone can ally with my Dong Fang tribe.”


 “Alliance?”


 “Yes, this old man has already roughly prepared the alliance contracts, everyone can examine them and if you have any objections, we can modify it right here.” Dong Fang Chang Fan took out two east window Gu which he then handed to the Gu Immortals.


 The Gu Immortals skimmed over the contract one after another. The alliance conditions were extremely lax. Dong Fang Chang Fan did not even request for mutual help and protection among the allies, he only requested that after he died, they had to protect Dong Fang tribe’s peace for fifty years. In this time period, the parties in the contract could not target, suppress or attack Dong Fang tribe.


 The Gu Immortals involuntarily felt a rush of excitement.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was currently the number one wisdom path Gu Immortal of northern plains. Besides him, there was no one else suitable to deduce the true culprit of True Yang Building’s destruction!


 In the cultivation of Gu Immortals, who would not encounter some difficult problems relating to their cultivation? Or perhaps, they might obtain Immortal Gu remnant recipes that require deductions? With Dong Fang Chang Fan, these issues were very likely to be resolved.


 Even more importantly, after Imperial Court blessed land perished and Eighty-Eight True Yang Building collapsed, large numbers of Gu worms were brought over by the formless fists to all regions of northern plains. The aura of Immortal Gu manifested in many places, causing the Gu Immortals to contest over them.


 At this crucial time, if Dong Fang Chang Fan deduced the location of an Immortal Gu, then they were very likely to get that Immortal Gu!


 Everyone was more than moved and they couldn’t help but praise Dong Fang Chang Fan’s shrewdness.


 If it were during normal times, Dong Fang Chang Fan’s bargaining chip might be somewhat less important. But now, when one deduction was very likely to represent one Immortal Gu, all the Gu Immortals were moved.


 “Great, Sir Dong Fang, Our Chanyu tribe accepts your conditions.”


 Tong Zu spoke first, then Hei tribe, Murong tribe, every tribe’s representatives also accepted.


 This situation was within Dong Fang Chang Fan’s expectations. His smile became even brighter: “Since this is the case, Fairy Li Shan, please take action.”


 “Fairy Li Shan?”


 While everyone was surprised, a rank six female Gu Immortal walked from behind the hall and appeared in front of everyone.


 “Fairy Li Shan, I trust you have been well.” A Gu Immortal greeted.


 Another Gu Immortal laughed: “Sir Dong Fang sure has made ample preparations, even inviting over Fairy Li Shan. It is just that this Jade Pool blessed land does not have any mountains or rivers, how will we make the oath?”


 Dong Fang Yi Kong, who had been silent all this time, stood from beside Dong Fang Chang Fan, and spoke: “Everyone, please wait and see.”


 He then opened his palm, lights in vibrant colors floated in the center of his palm, revealing a miniature mountain peak.


 “Could this be — Miniscule Mountain?!” Murong Qing Si opened her graceful eyes wide as she reacted first, saying in a disbelieving tone.


 “Exactly.” Dong Fang Yi Kong gave a modest smile, but the pride within him could not be concealed.


 A commotion erupted among the Gu Immortals.



***
Chapter 658 - Difficulty in resolving the issues, Hei Lou Lan appears


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 In the underground cave, the light of wisdom flickered back and forth from bright to dim.


 Fang Yuan quietly stood inside it. Only when the wills inside his mind were fully consumed did he open his eyes and step out of the wisdom light halo.


 The deduction he made had succeeded, but Fang Yuan was gloomy because of it.


 “To seal Spring Autumn Cicada, as much as over six thousand mortal Gu are required, among them, almost half are rank five, with rare Gu worms reaching two thousand, and there are also about eight hundred ancient Gu worms. These ancient Gu worms are either extinct or on the brink of extinction. My initial estimate is that I require about twenty-three immortal essence stones to use this method.”


 Fang Yuan was in a poverty stricken state, twenty-three immortal essence stones were a hopeless number for him currently.


 But Fang Yuan had to brace himself to accomplish this task.


 Because Spring Autumn Cicada’s recovery was becoming faster and faster, making the situation of the first aperture more critical.


 Fortunately, with Fang Yuan having turned into a zombie, his first aperture turned into a dead aperture, thus it was able to hold on till now. If the aperture was like before, it might have already burst.


 “According to the current situation, I estimate I still have over two months to plan and prepare. If this time limit is crossed, the first aperture will not be able to endure even if it is already dead.”


 Fang Yuan was feeling a heavy pressure.


 He was now a member of the living dead, even if his first aperture was destroyed, he would not die. But losing the first aperture would no doubt greatly reduce his future cultivation potential, and that would be an immeasurable loss.


 Fang Yuan was in a difficult situation, and there was only one feasible method to earn twenty-three immortal essence stones within a short period of time – selling Immortal Gu recipes.


 Returning to Dang Hun palace, Fang Yuan called in Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “I have been paying close attention to treasure yellow heaven over these days, taking almost no rest. But Lang Ya land spirit’s divine sense has not appeared since the beginning.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s answer made Fang Yuan feel disappointment.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s divine sense called itself “Lang Ya Old Immortal” in treasure yellow heaven, and it was very active at that. But now, it had not appeared at all, almost like it was missing.


 Fang Yuan keenly sensed Lang Ya land spirit was likely to be facing some problems. He recalled his previous life where Lang Ya blessed land had suffered a total of seven waves of attacks.


 “Previously when I was in northern plains, the second wave of experts had already attacked Lang Ya blessed land. Could it be, the third wave of attacks has already occured and Lang Ya land spirit is busy dealing with it, thus having no time to refine Gu?”


 Memories of Fang Yuan’s previous life were not able to help him in this aspect.


 He only remembered about the seven waves of attacks, and did not remember the detailed timings of these attacks.


 Even if he remembered the exact timing, this world was already influenced by him and had experienced huge changes, who is to say that the changes upon changes might not have shifted the attacks to an earlier time.


 “My horizons have been continually broadened these days... A piece of ten thousand year profound ice costs half an immortal essence stone! Half a kilogram of hurricane mountain pepper has the selling price of an immortal essence stone! What are divine jade pearls? Ten of them actually cost half an immortal essence stone. There is also, what’s that white spiral silk, its price is even more ridiculous, a pinky sized amount costs three immortal essence stones! Heavens, right now, I realized how poor I am!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng chattered on about his harvest over this time, speaking in an excited tone.


 During these days, as Fang Yuan interacted with Tai Bai Yun Sheng all the time, he gradually discovered Tai Bai Yun Sheng had a shortcoming, that was his prattling mouth, he was talkative.


 Fang Yuan handed a letter Gu and interrupted his chattering: “This is the letter sent by Immortal Crane Sect, please read.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng sent his consciousness inside, his brows soon frowned into a knot.


 In this second letter from Immortal Crane Sect, their tone was even more harsh and fierce, already making their intention to attack Hu Immortal blessed land exceptionally clear. Immortal Crane Sect even used the tone of the victor, demanding Fang Yuan to surrender.


 “These guys have gone crazy for Dang Hun mountain. If it were me, I would at least first stabilize you, then carry out hidden attacks. Aren’t they afraid their actions will make us take preventive measures?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng said in a displeased tone.


 “This is the power and confidence of Immortal Crane Sect. They are one of the ten great ancient sects of central continent and have an incomparably deep foundation, having stood tall and straight at Fei He mountain for hundreds of thousands of years. Besides this, I think they are trying to pressure me and also probe the intention of my backers.” Fang Yuan analyzed.


 “Yes, Immortal Crane Sect is stronger than any single super force of northern plains by some degree. We are too weak, while they are a colossus becoming more and more overbearing. It will be very difficult for us to protect Hu Immortal blessed land from them...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng spoke carefully, glancing at Fang Yuan several times.


 He already had thoughts of retreating, giving up Hu Immortal blessed land and moving far away, he just did not openly express it.


 Fang Yuan knew his thoughts. Tai Bai Yun Sheng was a healing Gu Master, he was benevolent and could be said to be feeble, seriously lacking the spirit to make a stand.


 Fang Yuan did not rebuke Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s intentions.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had also thought of giving up and abandoning Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Dang Hun mountain represented extremely huge benefits and Immortal Crane Sect and other super forces would definitely want to possess it.


 However, that was, of course, only as a last resort.


 As long as there existed hope along with benefits, it could be said that Fang Yuan would absolutely not speak of giving up easily.


 Fang Yuan thus consoled Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “Immortal Crane Sect is one of the ten great ancient sects of central continent, a super force, a behemoth, but they also have their worries. How many methods can they use to deal with us specifically? I dare to guarantee, it is not as exaggerated as you imagine, especially when they are greatly underestimating our true battle strength.”


 Life was not easy, Immortal Crane Sect also had its own problems.


 New sects were emerging endlessly in central continent, continually bringing huge impacts to the ten great ancient sects.


 The ten great ancient sects occupied the most important positions in central continent with the best cultivation resources, they naturally would be subjected to competition from all sides.


 In history, Immortal Crane Sect had experienced golden ages several times, but at present, there was a clear disparity compared to their most prosperous periods.


 Immortal Crane Sect had not expanded for many years already — this meant they were under some restraints.


 “Since junior brother wants to battle Immortal Crane Sect, I shall risk my life to accompany you. Don’t worry, no matter how dangerous the situation gets, I will support you till the last moment.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng patted his chest and swore.


 Fang Yuan nodded: “I also ask Old Bai to not worry, I, Gu Yue Fang Yuan, am not a stubborn man. If there was nothing to be done and the situation was truly unfavorable, I would definitely take the initiative to retreat. Forcing back Immortal Crane Sect’s first wave of attacks perhaps won’t be difficult, but the main problem does not lie here. Immortal Crane Sect is a very big sect, if we repel them, they will at once arrive with another wave. After this continues for few times, Immortal Crane Sect’s offense will become stronger and they will start treating us more seriously. We need to rely on another great force to resolve this issue, making an alliance with another ancient sect.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng repeatedly nodded in complete agreement: “But junior brother, you have already sent a letter to Spirit Affinity House, but until now they have yet to reply. Was our letter Gu intercepted by Immortal Crane Sect, how about we send some more letters?”


 Fang Yuan shook his head, the letter Gu he contacted Spirit Affinity House with was not his, but the rank five letter sending green bird Gu created by Feng Jiu Ge.


 Back then, Fang Yuan defeated Feng Jin Huang and obtained Hu Immortal blessed land. Feng Jin Huang was indignant and sent a challenge letter using this letter sending green bird Gu.


 But Fang Yuan did not respond to the challenge and instead had been detaining this letter Gu.


 He had already speculated this letter Gu’s owner was very likely to be Feng Jiu Ge. The reason being that Feng Jin Huang had yet to reach rank five back then.


 Besides Feng Jiu Gu, it was also likely to be his wife, Feng Jin Huang’s mother — Fairy Bai Qing.


 Regardless of who the owner was, this letter Gu had already been lent to Fang Yuan, its original purpose being to allow Fang Yuan to respond to the challenge letter.


 And Fang Yuan used this letter Gu to contact Spirit Affinity House.


 Fang Yuan had been very confident regarding this letter, but Spirit Affinity House still had yet to reply after so long, so he was somewhat unsure now.


 According to the common sense conjecture: letter sending green bird Gu was created by Feng Jiu Ge, which represented this expert’s will and prestige to some degree. To intercept this green bird Gu and risk offending his impressive and dignified presence, this was not at all likely.


 However, this possibility could not be completely excluded as well.


 Thus Fang Yuan nodded and accepted Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s suggestion: “Okay, let’s wait seven days, if we still don’t receive a reply by then, we will send another letter.”


 Time passed day by day, Hu Immortal blessed land was in a predicament.


 A strong enemy was approaching from the outside, while on the inside, cultivation resources were lacking. Even if Fang Yuan used his zombie body and wisdom Gu to deduce and sell Immortal Gu recipes of the highest grade, the regretful part was that he did not have the capital to kickstart this plan and could only put it aside for the time being.


 Lang Ya land spirit and Spirit Affinity House were the keys to break through these predicaments.


 But it was a pity that these two keys stayed in the dark with no messages from them. Who knew when Fang Yuan would receive news from them, perhaps he wouldn’t for his whole life.


 Destiny created obstacles, the road ahead of Fang Yuan was once again shrouded in obscurity.


 “It seems my luck is still not too good.” Fang Yuan scoffed at himself.


 There was nothing he could do, since he possessed Spring Autumn Cicada, his luck was likely to only get worse.


 He tried asking Mo Yao about improved Immortal Gu remnant recipes, but Mo Yao claimed that she did not know them.


 She was residing in Fang Yuan’s body and had gone through the final battle in northern plains with him; she knew Fang Yuan possessed wisdom Gu and thus it was not hard for her to speculate Fang Yuan’s intentions.


 Mo Yao was a refinement path grandmaster, she very likely knew Immortal Gu remnant recipes which matched Fang Yuan’s criteria. But she did not reply and since Fang Yuan lacked wisdom path methods, he could do nothing to her.


 Under this kind of situation, Hei Lou Lan suddenly arrived at Dang Hun mountain.


 Fang Yuan lost a stargate Gu and was already not able to return to northern plains alone. Hei Lou Lan being able to come to Dang Hun mountain was naturally because of Fixed Immortal Travel.


 As for how she knew the scenery here, that was because Fang Yuan had sent a will to her of his own accord.


 This was the agreed upon plan, but Fang Yuan was still somewhat surprised: “If I am not wrong, there is still half a month left before the limit of our agreed upon time, right?”


 “The situation has changed, my friend.” Hei Lou Lan tone’s was grave, revealing a trace of worry.


 Making this formidable and ambitious person anxious, the situation in northern plains indeed did not seem to be optimistic.


 However, Hei Lou Lan soon realized her flaw and concealed all her emotions, speaking with a cold smile: “Naturally, I have another goal, that is to make sure you are not on guard. After all, this is your headquarters, in case you arranged traps against me, I would be messing up your plans by arriving earlier!”


 Fang Yuan laughed, appearing unperturbed, as if there were no issues that could perplex him: “After the battle of northern plains, you and I are already tied together for better or for worse. But for complete cooperation, your previous conditions are still insufficient!”



***
Chapter 659 - The dirtiness of humans


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Hearing Fang Yuan say “insufficient”, Hei Lou Lan snorted in displeasure: “Fang Yuan, you are not very clear about northern plains’ situation, I will tell you right now. Not long ago, northern plains’ number one wisdom path Gu Immortal, Dong Fang Chang Fan, invited all of the super tribes and personally made deductions for them. His condition was that they had to ally with Dong Fang tribe, and within the fifty years of his death, they are not allowed to target or suppress Dong Fang tribe.”


 “Oh?” Fang Yuan’s gaze focused: “There’s such a thing? Then, what did he deduce?”


 “Reportedly, Dong Fang Chang Fan made one deduction for each tribe, regarding Gu recipes, appearance of Immortal Gu, or some tips for killing desolate beasts. He has already deduced much of your information, though I do not know the deeper details. But now, everyone knows that you are not a northern plains Gu Master, but there is also a northern plains Gu Master colluding with you.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s pupils shrunk, he said with some fear: “He actually deduced so many things? As expected of Dong Fang Chang Fan...”


 Hei Lou Lan snickered, continuing: “Fang Yuan, our lives are tied together now! If I die, who is to say that I will not expose you and Tai Bai Yun Sheng. Other than that, is wisdom Gu in your hands?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression changed, he firmly wanted to deny it, but he stopped himself from acting rashly.


 Fang Yuan calmly laughed: “How is that possible! Wisdom Gu was already destroyed in the wind veil of assimilation, how could I have brought it here?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately praised him in his mind, Fang Yuan’s skills in lying were simply spectacular. His tone and expression were flawless, it was filled with pity, regret and other sad emotions, it was as if he really had narrowly missed out in obtaining wisdom Gu.


 Hei Lou Lan could not see any flaws in his performance, but next, she squinted, saying in a thuggish tone: “I don’t care if you really lost wisdom Gu, I only know that wisdom Gu could have taken the initiative to follow you under the pressure of survival. Hehe, you don’t have to deny it now. I’m sure you understand my idea, it is not safe for you to hide in central continent. It doesn’t matter if wisdom Gu is really in your hands, as long as I spread information that wisdom Gu is with you, there will be nowhere for you to hide! The entire world’s Gu Immortals will chase you down like lunatics, until they get to the truth.”


 “Are you threatening me?” Fang Yuan’s expression turned cold, he slowly stood up.


 “Hei Lou Lan, you have some guts. Do you not know that you are now on Dang Hun mountain. As long as we instruct it, the land spirit will use Dang Hun mountain and kill you right here.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng shouted.


 Hei Lou Lan laughed with her head high, she said fearlessly: “Hahaha, even if this is a dragon’s nest or a tiger’s den, what can you do to me? I made some arrangements before I came, as long as I do not return in three days, the entirety of northern plains will know that you apprentice brothers are the culprits behind the collapse of True Yang Building, furthermore, the entire world will know that wisdom Gu is with you!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression froze, Hei Lou Lan indeed came prepared, this was targeting his weakness.


 But at this time, Fang Yuan’s eerie words made Hei Lou Lan’s laughter stop —”Hei Lou Lan, I know you are not afraid of death, but have you forgotten your hatred?”


 Hei Lou Lan’s expression changed, her aura diminished as her eyes were like lightning, looking at Fang Yuan: “State your conditions.”


 “You have to agree with my first condition, that is, you have to return Fixed Immortal Travel to its owner, me.” Next, Fang Yuan raised four fingers: “Secondly, after we cooperate, during the process of your revenge, the loot will be split four to six, for you and us respectively. After all, Tai Bai Yun Sheng and I make up two Gu Immortals.”


 Hei Lou Lan snorted: “Do you think you have a helper while I don’t? But never mind, I accept these conditions.”


 She hesitated for a bit, but she still chose to give in, even though she had a tough personality.


 Fang Yuan smiled lightly, he could see her sincerity from this, he continued: “Lastly, I need to know the entire story of this, as well as the reason why you need to kill your father personally.”


 Hei Lou Lan was silent for a while, but she soon agreed: “You are indeed overly suspicious, I can satisfy all three of your conditions, this is nothing I can’t speak of anyway.”


 Next, in their conversation, Fang Yuan finally understood the secret behind Hei Lou Lan’s thirst for revenge.


 The root of all this was actually Eighty-Eight True Yang Building.


 In True Yang Building, there was a true inheritance called “yin-yang life extension method”, it had been taken by Hei Cheng long ago.


 Fang Yuan had actually seen the empty light lump of the yin-yang life extension method by coincidence in the past.


 This true inheritance was created by Giant Sun Immortal Venerable when he researched about Ren Zu for life extension methods.


 To use this method, a male and female Gu Immortal have to cooperate, using copulation to extend the lifespan of one of them.


 But there was a flaw in this.


 If one gains lifespan, the other must lose lifespan.


 In other words, it was to transfer the lifespan of one person to the other.


 The story of Su Xian’s Night Elopement had long since been widely spread in northern plains, it had given many young women in northern plains the courage to find their true love, to take the first step.


 Two hundred years ago, Su Xian Er was the daughter of a concubine in Su tribe, her status was not high and she was often serving wine to guests in banquets, like a servant.


 Once, when Su tribe leader was attending to Hei Cheng, Su Xian Er poured wine for him and fell in love with him at first sight.


 However, Su tribe leader harmed Hei Cheng in secret, using a poison Gu on him, causing his strength to fall to rock bottom, and he was chased down by enemies.


 Su Xian Er learnt of this and ran out of her tribe’s campsite in the middle of the night, to save Hei Cheng who had only met her once.


 Back then, she only had rank one cultivation, but during the night there were wild wolf groups roaming, it was extremely dangerous and she was simply courting death.


 But due to coincidence, she found the unconscious Hei Cheng.


 Hei Cheng was thus saved, and their following conversation became a classic that was passed down in northern plains.


 He had asked Su Xian Er: “I was plotted against by your tribe leader and you are a Su tribesman, why would you save an enemy of your tribe?”


 Su Xian Er then answered: “Lord has a noble spirit, this humble girl fell in love at first sight. Su tribe leader is short-sighted and plotted against lord under the persuasion of some petty people, but he never considered the result of offending Hei tribe. If he was allowed to have his way, Su tribe is destined to become a sacrificial pawn between two super tribes. People say lord repays a favor received by a hundred times. This humble girl saved lord today and only hopes lord can give me a place to stay. It is just and proper for lord to take revenge against Su tribe, but I hope lord can be merciful and leave behind a trace of bloodline for Su tribe.”


 Hei Cheng was overwhelmed at this sight, he tightly held Su Xian Er’s hand and swore: “Your love is as deep as the sea, I, Hei Cheng, am not a cruel person, how could I not repay you? From today onwards, you will be my only wife! I will not care for any other beauties, no matter how beautiful they are. In this life, I will never betray you!”


 From then on, the two of them became a loving couple that respected each other equally.


 A hundred years later, they both became Gu Immortals, and the story was a legend of northern plains.


 But most people did not know that Su tribe faced extermination soon after.


 Hei Cheng had many wives and children, Su Xian Er was neither the first, nor the last.


 Hei Cheng and Su Xian Er had a daughter, she followed her father’s surname, while getting the name Lou Lan. Years later, Su Xian Er died, and Hei Cheng was extremely aggrieved, he announced to the public: His wife’s body had deteriorated after giving birth to Hei Lou Lan, she fell heavily ill and her strength fell drastically, thus she died a few years later in her blessed land’s earthly calamity.


 “He had obtained the yin-yang life extension method in the true inheritance secluded domain, he kept it very secretive. For his own selfish desires, he lied to my mother with ill intentions. My mother did not know the details and because she trusted and cooperated with him, almost all of her lifespan was taken by him mercilessly.”


 “After my mother died, he concealed the truth, thus he could still openly be a righteous path Gu Immortal. He absorbed my mother’s aperture and took all the Gu worms that she accumulated in her life. He is a coward, a dirty and despicable scoundrel, in order to live longer, he actually plotted against the person who loved him the most!”


 “Before mother died, she saw his true colors and told me to be careful of him! As expected, mother was right. There was a problem with his cultivation, the lifespan that he took away was consumed very quickly, he is now facing another crisis of dwindling lifespan. This time, his target is me.”


 “I have the Great Strength True Martial Physique, once I advance to a Gu Immortal, my foundations will be extremely firm. If he uses the yin-yang life extension method on me, less lifespan would be wasted in the process, and he would gain much more lifespan!”


 Hei Lou Lan spilled all of the secrets hidden in the dark, in her calm tone, one could nonetheless sense her utter hatred.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng shook his head as he listened: “To think that Lord Hei Cheng is such a person, this is really disappointing...”


 He was a prospective Gu Immortal candidate in the past, with high hopes to become one, he had interacted with Hei tribe’s Gu Immortal, Hei Bai, in secret, and he was even recruited.


 Thus, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s impression of Hei tribe had always been good.


 Hei Lou Lan’s words destroyed this good impression.


 “Hmph, this is the so-called righteous path, who knows how many dirty and disgusting things are going on underneath this glorious surface. In contrast, the demonic path consists of countless characters that are more straightforward!” Hei Lou Lan scoffed.


 “No wonder you didn’t respond to Hei Cheng when he called you at the point when the wind veil of assimilation was cut open.” Fang Yuan nodded, he looked at Hei Lou Lan again, feeling a different emotion.


 Hei Lou Lan was born with a golden spoon, yet this actually was a tragedy.


 Her own father harmed her mother, and was now targeting her, attempting to take her lifespan.


 Lacking the warmth of a family, under threats and dangers for many years, she had no option but to disguise herself while secretly putting in immense effort, swearing to take revenge for her mother.


 This was likely the reason why she obtained such a formidable personality.


 Where there is a cause, there will be consequences.


 There is a saying called “heroes often meet their end”, the “hero” here could also be replaced with formidable characters.


 But in fact, it is not that heroes and conquerors often meet desperate situations, it is the desperate situations that create them. In this way, they are people with very pitiful lives, they often encounter and feel much greater pain than normal people. But because of this pain, they learn and become who they are.


 Those who live in happiness, living like an upright person, being open and honest without any rough rides in life, while attaining numerous achievements and gaining reputation and praise. Are there truly such people in real life?


 Fang Yuan thought about Earth, about the five hundred years of his previous life, and scoffed.


 Where there are high achievers, there are sacrifices. Those who are higher ups often need to sacrifice their morals.


 Of course, there are outliers, lucky people, and those who rely on their family, but how long can they last, how many will be left in the end?


 Legend says, when Ren Zu started walking on the road of life, his vision changed, it was pure darkness.


 He took the first step.


 PIop.


 At the next moment, he stepped into the mud.


 He raised his foot, wiping it with his hand, it was full of mushy mud and extremely smelly.


 He was hesitant to move forward.


 At this moment, self Gu said: “Oh human, do not hesitate, if you want to walk on your own road, you will need to rely on your own legs. When your leg steps on the road, do not be afraid of dirtiness.”



***
Chapter 660 - Snowy Mountain Alliance


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Outside the window of a room, snow was silently falling down.


 The fragrance of tea pervaded inside the quiet room.


 A woman was sitting beside the vermillion red window frame.


 She was wearing an embroidered leather skirt, characteristic of northern plains’ women. The leather skirt was embroidered with purplish-red flower buds, while the edges were glittering with silvery light. She bound her hair with a sapphire blue ribbon which had a pure white pearl inlaid in the middle.


 Her eyes were drooping, emphasizing her thick eyelashes. Her breathing was soft and her hands that were as white as the snow moved slowly, concentrating completely on brewing tea.


 The quiet room was not large and she was the only person inside. But on the table there were four tea cups.


 A rich jade-green light suddenly appeared in the quiet room.


 The light dissipated to reveal an elderly figure.


 The elderly man was tall with an eccentric appearance. His hair was grey and his face was filled with wrinkles. His eyes displayed one who had gone through the vicissitudes of life, warm and tenacious, containing wisdom accumulated in all of his lifetime.


 The woman who was brewing the tea stood up at the sight of the elderly man and smiled with interest: “You are Tai Bai Yun Sheng.”


 The elderly man was Tai Bai Yun Sheng, he quickly looked around him before greeting the woman: “Junior greets senior Fairy Li Shan.”


 The woman nodded with a smile. She was an influential figure in the limelight among northern plains’ Gu Immortals, a rank seven Gu Immortal, Fairy Li Shan.


 She looked youthful and beautiful, but her true age was much greater than Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng confirmed the safety of the surroundings before opening his immortal aperture, from which two human shadows leaped out.


 One turned into Hei Lou Lan while the other was an eight armed immortal zombie as tall as six metres with a fierce appearance, it was none other than Gu Yue Fang Yuan.


 “Little aunt, I am back.” Hei Lou Lan walked towards Fairy Li Shan, her expression was still cold but her gaze revealed a trace of affection.


 Fairy Li Shan glanced at Hei Lou Lan warmly and sighed, then turned her gaze towards Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “The relationship between me and Little Lan has always been a secret, to the extent that outsiders aren’t even aware we know each other. Today, she exposed this secret of her own accord, it can clearly be seen that she sincerely wishes to cooperate with you two guests. Especially you, Fang Yuan, Little Lan had mentioned you to me many times over these days. You accomplished such a huge matter, bringing even Eighty-Eight True Yang Building down.”


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily and said with the hoarse voice specific to zombies: “Fairy is exaggerating, all this commotion is not what I wished for. To speak the truth, I had been doubting Hei Lou Lan’s proposal for cooperation since the beginning, but who could have thought, Hei Lou Lan had such a close relationship with you. This is the best situation, fairy, with the oath to your Immortal Gu, Mountain Pledge, our alliance can be firm and solid.”


 Not long ago, at Hu Immortal blessed land, Hei Lou Lan exposed the reason for her hatred. Then she revealed her relationship with Fairy Li Shan.


 Fang Yuan was surprised and yet also not surprised.


 Hei Lou Lan was under the strict supervision of Gu Immortal Hei Cheng, it would be difficult for her to obtain her current achievements just by relying on her own strength. Besides her own efforts, there definitely was outside help.


 “Please take a seat, this snow oil tea has just been steeped.” Fairy Li Shan extended her hand to indicate Fang and Tai to be seated.


 Fang Yuan waved his hand in refusal: “Let’s make an oath and establish the alliance first, it won’t be too late to drink tea then.”


 “Virtuous junior Fang is quite decisive.” Fairy Li Shan lightly praised before calling out an Immortal Gu.


 This Immortal Gu resembled a beetle. It was thick and solid, even bigger than an adult’s palm. Its body was ash gray with a stony texture, a pair of large pincers grew on its head, its back was not glossy and was instead rugged like mountains, and there were specks of stripes, like moss, on the joints of its legs.


 Fairy Li Shan aptly explained: “This is a rank six information path Immortal Gu, as famous as sea oath Gu. As long as you choose a mountain to pledge to and as long as this mountain still exists, the oath cannot be violated. Virtuous junior Fang, I wonder which mountain you want to choose?”


 Fang Yuan slightly raised his brows, then he pointed outside and laughed hoarsely: “What other place can be better than this mountain?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked, not understanding the situation: “What mountain is this?”


 “This mountain is called Snowy Mountain.” Fairy Li Shan smiled and introduced.


 “Snowy Mountain, where have I heard this name, wait a second, could it be this is that nest of northern plains’ demonic path Gu Immortals — Snowy Mountain blessed land?!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng cried out in shock.


 “Where else did you think it was?” Hei Lou Lan sneered.


 Fang Yuan provided an introduction for Tai Bai Yun Sheng: “There are differences between immortal and mortal. Old Bai, you just recently advanced and you only have heard me mention some information about the northern plains’ Gu Immortal world in passing. This Fairy Li Shan is the owner of the third branch peak of Snowy Mountain blessed land, you can also call her the third leader.”


 “Third... leader.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng stared at Fairy Li Shan with wide open eyes, he had never expected for this gentle and refined woman to be a demonic path Gu Immortal, moreover she was the third leader of the largest demonic path nest of northern plains!


 ...


 “Cough cough cough.” Dong Fang Chang Fan was lying on a sickbed, coughing incessantly. With every cough, his pale white face would wither a bit more.


 “Lord...” A handsome young man was standing beside the sickbed with a mournful and grieving expression.


 He was wearing a white robe, his face was white like jade and his eyes were deep, revealing a calm, mature temperament, it was Dong Fang Yu Liang.


 “No need to grieve, Liang Er, cough cough, to be born, get old, be sick and die is the way of nature.” Dong Fang Chang Fan gasped for breath after saying this, and continued after recovering some strength, “Your talents are better than mine, among the whole tribe I feel most optimistic about you. The responsibility of Dong Fang tribe’s growth can only be shouldered by you. I, Dong Fang Chang Fan, would not misjudge this.”


 “Lord supreme elder!” Dong Fang Yu Liang’s eyes reddened, sobbing silently.


 The old man nearing death in front of his eyes was his benefactor!


 Dong Fang Yu Liang lost his parents at the age of eleven, after that he had to maintain his livelihood and also care for his six year old sister, Dong Fang Qing Yu.


 To preserve their lives, he gave away all the inheritances left by his parents.


 But it was exactly because of this, that he was noticed by Dong Fang Chang Fan, not only becoming a trusted aide, his sister was also given great care.


 Later, Dong Fang Yu Liang even received Dong Fang Chang Fan’s personal guidance. And despite the obstructions and oppositions from many sides, Dong Fang Chang Fan appointed Dong Fang Yu Liang as the tribe leader.


 After Dong Fang Yu Liang lost in the Imperial Court contest and returned to the tribe, he was suppressed and pushed aside by various factions; it was Dong Fang Chang Fan who protected and shielded him again, paying a considerable price.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was becoming weaker and weaker, he opened his mouth several times but no words came out. Finally, he spoke in an extremely weak voice: “Your hand.”


 Dong Fang Yu Liang extended his hand and grabbed the old man’s right hand.


 The old man was holding a Gu on his hand.


 “Thi... this Gu... take it.” Dong Fang Chang Fan’s face turned red from the strain, extracting the last bit of energy from his dying breath.


 He closely stared at Dong Fang Yu Liang and reminded him: “Although Dong Fang tribe has signed an alliance agreement with the other righteous path tribes, the affairs of world are changeable and hard to predict. My death will cause Dong Fang tribe to fall down from its prosperous period, you are my successor, you must be careful. This Gu, once you activate it, it will bring you to a secluded place which contains the cultivation resources I prepared for you, insights about immortal ascension, the tribe’s secret history as well as all my comprehensions of wisdom path cultivation. Remember, always prioritize your safety, don’t be impatient. The tribe has... has demonic path spies.”


 Dong Fang Chang Fan’s expression froze, the flush on his face turned fainter and the final trace of radiance in his eyes faded.


 “Lord!!” Dong Fang Yu Liang’s face was already covered with tears, and this moment, he could no longer hold them back, crying in sorrow.


 Northern plains’ number one wisdom path Gu Immortal, Dong Fang Chang Fan, had passed away.


 The news spread, Dong Fang tribe cried for three days and three nights. And when the great forces of northern plains received the information, both demonic and righteous path Gu Immortals let out breaths of relief.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan was a legendary character.


 At the time of his birth, Dong Fang tribe was already declining rapidly, with only the name of a super force but with no power.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan became a Gu Immortal and led the tribe; scheming in all directions, using wisdom path methods to devise strategies, tying bonds to powerful friends, killing the weak, and even plotting for his enemies to fight each other, causing Dong Fang tribe to rapidly rise again.


 Dong Fang tribe’s growth was almost entirely because of Dong Fang Chang Fan.


 But because of this, all the Gu Immortals of northern plains became aware of Dong Fang Chang Fan’s might! Wisdom path Gu Immortals often did not need to use their own hands to humiliate their enemies. Making schemes that connected like a spider web, one thing would lead to the other, enemies would feel like they were sinking into a swamp but unable to extricate themselves.


 Gu Immortals feared Dong Fang Chang Fan and secretly reached an agreement. Banning the sale of lifespan Gu to Dong Fang Chang Fan and even secretly destroying Dong Fang tribe’s plans of searching for lifespan Gu.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan schemed against others, and finally was also schemed by others.


 ...


 The sun was high in the sky, crescent lake gleamed in the sunlight with the occasional dragonfish leaping out of the lake.


 Leftover snow piled up beside the lake, this was the remnant of the once in ten years blizzard disaster.


 Fang Yuan destroyed Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangement; the blizzard disaster poured into Imperial Court blessed land, thus the destruction caused by the disaster in northern plains was many times lighter than the past.


 Imperial Court blessed land existed no longer while True Yang Building was also destroyed; there would be no more of the once in ten years blizzard disaster in northern plains.


 The remaining snow slowly melted under the sunlight.


 Grass was already poking out of the snow. There was a mixture of green and white grasses mixed together.


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng moved together, seeing many water wolves and solitary tri-horned rhinos in their path. Water chestnut trees used to fill this place, but now it was a scene of barrenness, the trees already freezing to death or breaking down from the accumulated snow.


 The intense change in the scenery brought Fang Yuan some trouble.


 He was searching for the passage to Lang Ya blessed land — that purple stone tree left behind by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable.


 Three days had passed since the alliance with Hei Lou Lan.


 Little Hu Immortal was at Hu Immortal blessed land, paying attention to treasure yellow heaven all the time but still not seeing Lang Ya Old Immortal’s divine sense.


 Fang Yuan took back Fixed Immortal Travel and used this Immortal Gu to go to crescent lake.


 Fang Yuan did not directly teleport to Lang Ya blessed land to prevent any unnecessary misunderstandings. He planned to use Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s arrangement again and enter properly.


 Because the surroundings had changed, he was unable to directly teleport to the purple stone tree. Being able to directly appear beside crescent lake was thanks to Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 When he was wandering over northern plains, he had once dug a cave beside crescent lake and made simple arrangements, staying for two to three months.


 The cave had not collapsed, Fang Yuan first lent Fixed Immortal Travel to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, then entered his immortal aperture, arriving at this place.



***
Chapter 661 - Seeing Swamp Crab again


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Found it.” Fang Yuan’s eyes shone, he had arrived before a purple stone pillar.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked in the direction of his voice, merely to see that this crucial pillar was very ordinary. Just that at the base of the stone pillar, there was a rock, flat and smooth like a bench, it looked slightly special.


 “This is it.” Fang Yuan stretched out a large monstrous arm, sweeping the snow off the stone bench, confirming it.


 After Tai Bai Yun Sheng went into his immortal aperture, Fang Yuan sat down on the bench, using a Gu worm to cut his arm and letting the blood drip onto this purple stone pillar.


 His blood was not red like normal people, it was a jade green color and had no warmth, it was ice cold.


 The purple stone pillar had once been modified by Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable with the use of his mysterious Gu worm, the jade green zombie blood was quickly absorbed.


 Ma Hong Yun’s figure swiftly flashed across Fang Yuan’s mind.


 This opportunity originally belonged to Ma Hong Yun, Fang Yuan could be said to be a thief.


 After Ma Hong Yun and Zhao Lian Yun were sent out of the wind veil of assimilation by the luck path true inheritance, they were snatched by northern plains’ righteous and demonic Gu Immortals, it was a scene of chaos.


 Right now, there was no news on the two of them, one could confirm that they were captured by a Gu Immortal. Whether they could escape or what ordeals they were going through, no one knew.


 Compared to his previous life, Ma Hong Yun was much more pitiful in this life.


 One could see that even with fortune that rivals heaven, it is not omnipotent.


 Luck only provides opportunities, whether one could use them well, that depends on the Gu Master’s strength and abilities.


 Right now, everyone was still looking for Ma Hong Yun, but no one knew which Gu Immortal had hidden them. The allure of the luck path true inheritance was too great, especially for northern plains’ Gu Immortals.


 “My Spring Autumn Cicada has the weakness of impairing my own luck, if I can use the luck path true inheritance to fix this flaw, it would be the best method. Since rebirth, I have already suffered many difficulties from bad luck.” Fang Yuan sighed in his heart.


 Not only was Ma Hong Yun a good target as a valuable treasure, most importantly — during this northern plains trip, Ma Hong Yun was an eyewitness, he was an insider and would likely expose Fang Yuan and the others.


 Thus, Ma Hong Yun also posed a death threat to Hei Lou Lan.


 Killing Ma Hong Yun was one of the agreements in the Snowy Mountain Alliance.


 Entering Lang Ya blessed land again, Fang Yuan did not enter the cloud building’s room like last time.


 Lang Ya blessed land’s unique terrain was that it was situated on vast white cloud soil.


 Twelve buildings, at equal lengths apart, were situated on the cloud soil, they were the twelve cloud buildings.


 But what Fang Yuan saw was a messy sight.


 The fertile cloud soil was full of holes. There was ice forming in some holes, while black smoke was rising in some holes.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng came out of Fang Yuan’s immortal aperture, upon seeing this, he said: “A battle had occurred here not long ago. It seems that Lang Ya land spirit was really in trouble.”


 Fang Yuan did not speak, he only looked at the twelve cloud buildings far away.


 These twelve buildings had their respective features, some had immortal cranes flying around them, some had feathermen living in them, some had beautiful auroras, while some had the smell of incense.


 But right now, only eight of these twelve buildings were intact, the remaining three were in bad shape, walls were collapsed and structures were crumbling.


 “What happened? We are already in Lang Ya blessed land, yet the land spirit has yet to appear?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng frowned, feeling very alert in his heart.


 “Let’s go in and see first.” Fang Yuan pondered.


 The two flew over, slowly getting close to the twelve cloud buildings.


 “Quickly look, there is a desolate beast corpse there!” After moving for some time, Tai Bai Yun Sheng suddenly pointed at one direction, saying.


 Only to see that a huge fish was lying on the cloud soil, not moving.


 It had the size of a normal whale, but it looked like a carp. There were bones protruding out of its back, along the spine, extending outwards.


 Its scales were blue in color, its eyes were as large as a horse carriage, with some starry radiance in them.


 “This is the desolate beast, spinefin star dragonfish.” Fang Yuan said.


 He knew that Lang Ya land spirit had a beast enslavement Immortal Gu and enslaved twelve desolate beasts, each kept in one of the twelve cloud buildings.


 Was this spinefin star dragonfish one of the twelve?


 “Oh? Someone came in.” In a dark secret room, Lang Ya land spirit opened his eyes, sensing Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 In front of him, there was a Gu Immortal. He was middle aged and had a mighty disposition, his appearance was not that of a normal man, he had black skin and white hair, he was an inkman Gu Immortal.


 “What? Another strong foe?” The inkman Gu Immortal heard the land spirit and became nervous.


 “Oh, it is that rascal! Pfft, he scared me. No worry, I know this person. Half a year ago, he came here before.” After Lang Ya land spirit focused his mind to detect them, he breathed out deeply.


 The inkman Gu Immortal raised his brows in surprise, he did not think that there would be other guests coming to Lang Ya blessed land besides himself.


 “Since they are friends and not foes, then all is well. It has been three days and three nights since we entered the secret room, in just a moment, we can release one layer of the seals on you. At this time, we cannot be disturbed.” The inkman Gu Immortal’s heart settled.


 “But we cannot let them near the cloud building. Old friend, you might not know this, but that kid is crafty and scheming, he is Thieving Heaven Demon Venerable’s inheritor, I suffered a loss from him in the past. Let me mobilize the desolate beast and stop him from coming temporarily.” Lang Ya land spirit gritted his teeth and said.


 “We’ve been in here for so long, yet Lang Ya land spirit has not appeared yet, it seems something huge happened here! The attack on Lang Ya blessed land was definitely not done by one person. Such a force is not to be trifled with, we should search the battlefield and retreat for now.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was speaking, when suddenly, a large ‘golden metallic mountain rock’ drilled out of the cloud soil.


 The ‘cubic rock’ moved quickly, blocking the way of the two.


 “Desolate beast!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng readied himself to face this enemy.


 The desolate beast had no eyes, a large pair of pincers were right in front of it. No one dared to doubt the power of these fearsome weapons.


 Furthermore, it had nine pairs of legs, coming out of the cubic rock as they extended.


 The crab legs stabbed into the cloud soil, propping the desolate beast’s large body up.


 At this point, Tai Bai Yun Sheng recognised the origins of this desolate beast: “This is the lord of swamps — swamp crab!”


 Fang Yuan snorted, he was very familiar with the swamp crab. After all, when he had just obtained Hu Immortal blessed land, he faced a swamp crab in his tribulation.


 Most importantly, that swamp crab had the gruel mud Immortal Gu, causing great destruction to Dang Hun mountain.


 In order to save Dang Hun mountain, Fang Yuan had to enter northern plains and attempt to take Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s landscape as before Immortal Gu. Now, after braving many dangers, not only did he succeed in saving Dang Hun mountain, he even recruited Tai Bai Yun Sheng to join him, one could say he obtained both the Gu and the Gu Master.


 The swamp crab blocked their path, Tai Bai Yun Sheng stopped in his tracks and asked Fang Yuan: “What do we do now?”


 Fang Yuan’s gaze was locked on the desolate beast, he said one word: “Fight.”


 “Be careful.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng nodded, swiftly retreating, pulling some distance from Fang Yuan. He was a healing Gu Immortal, in most situations, he would not charge forward and take a risk, this was also in line with his usual personality.


 Fang Yuan floated in the air, looking at the swamp crab silently. Next, he breathed in deeply, straightened his back and stretched his eight arms.


 The muscles on his body bulged, resembling an iron monster. His eyes were blood red, his green face and sharp fangs gave off a ruthless and terrifying aura.


 At the next moment, Fang Yuan moved, his body was like a meteor crashing towards the swamp crab.


 The swamp crab was huge, but it was unbelievably agile, nine pairs of legs moved quickly, as it dodged sideways.


 But Fang Yuan was a flying master, even though it seemed like he would miss, with just a turn, he crashed into the swamp crab’s back.


 Bam!


 With a thunderous sound, the swamp crab was pushed into the ground by Fang Yuan’s forceful impact.


 His over six meters tall body stood in a crater. This was the damage caused by his attack.


 “Tough enough!” Fang Yuan grinned, pulling back four of his right arms.


 His fists, without exception, were torn open and showed the white bones inside.


 But Fang Yuan had lost his sense of pain, even though his fists were injured, they was healing at an insane speed, in just a few breaths’ time, his four right fists recovered completely.


 Puff puff!


 Two waves of fierce winds approached to assault him.


 Fang Yuan’s wings opened, as he tread into and flew in the air like lightning, dodging the fierce winds.


 Hearing two sharp sounds, Fang Yuan turned around to look, only to see that the swamp crab’s huge pincers were bending at an unbelievable angle, towards his back and snapping together.


 If Fang Yuan dodged slower, he would’ve been hit already.


 The battle strength of a desolate beast was comparable to a rank six Gu Immortal. Even with the absurd defense of Fang Yuan’s heavenly zombie body, he did not want to endure the attack.


 “The swamp crab’s armor is extraordinarily hard, there is almost no flaws in its defense. I do not have cutting or drilling abilities, I can only break through with pure strength, using power to force my way through is the best method.” Fang Yuan’s thoughts collided intensely in his mind.


 His body continued to rise, as he looked down. In just a few breaths of time, the swamp crab’s body was full of crabs.


 These crabs were as large as tigers, they were fearless. Some has sharp crab legs, resembling needles. Some had claw like limbs, and were very fast.


 This was the special ability of the swamp crab — it could reproduce at any time and place, summoning a crab army that would move according to its will.


 “Very good.” Fang Yuan’s gaze was cold and dark, he breathed in deeply and activated the killer move, myriad self!


 With the expenditure of one bead of green grape immortal essence, he activated the core Immortal Gu.


 Thereafter, large numbers of Gu worms started activating in a certain pattern.


 Fang Yuan’s eight fists pounded at the swamp crab below him.


 Bam bam bam...


 Each fist exploded with a formless fist qi, the shadows of the fists were flying as his punches rained down like a torrential storm!


 The swamp crab cried out pitifully, it was being pressed into the ground by the unceasing fist qi.


 Thousands of fist qi slammed on the swamp crab’s back, causing its hard shell to become deformed. The fist qi that dispersed formed and gathered, becoming one of Fang Yuan’s strength path phantoms.


 Ten breaths later, an army of strength path phantoms formed on the swamp crab’s back.


 “This is...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was shocked, this was the first time he had seen this killer move.


 The strength path phantom army surrounded the swamp crab, and the crab army collapsed at once, the swamp crab was unable to endure the attacks and cried out, trying to put up resistance, but it could not prevent its imminent defeat.


 No matter how many strength path phantoms it killed, Fang Yuan continued to attack, and more strength path phantoms were produced every moment.


 “Ahhhh, my desolate beast! What killer move did this rascal use, I have never seen it, it is actually so strong! This killer move has definitely got to be an immortal killer move!” In the secret room, Lang Ya land spirit could see all that was going on, he lost his cool as he started shouting.



***
Chapter 662 - Inkman King


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Lang Ya land spirit felt heartache when he looked at his swamp crab.


 The swamp crab was lying down flat on the ground, unable to stand up. Its nine pairs of legs were almost entirely torn to pieces, and even one of the enormous steel pincers at the front was shattered.


 Such a battle outcome caused the inkman Gu Immortal and Tai Bai Yun Sheng to feel a chill from the depths of their hearts.


 Fang Yuan struck with over ten thousand strength path phantoms, of which over three thousand still remained. He calmly stored the remaining phantoms into his immortal aperture.


 These phantoms could only exist for a period of time and beyond that limit, the fist qi would dissipate and the phantoms would disappear along with it. But as long as they could be used, Fang Yuan would not waste even one of them.


 Ever since he returned to Hu Immortal blessed land from northern plains, he had been penniless; he did not even have one immortal essence stone, thus he was not able to replenish large numbers of mortal Gu.


 From the battle just now, he had already probed: With just the eight armed immortal zombie body, it was hard for him to pose much threat to the heavy armored swamp crab.


 The only option thus was to use his killer move, myriad self.


 The core of this killer move was a soul path Immortal Gu that Fang Yuan possessed, and so it required green grape immortal essence to be activated.


 The situation earlier was not clear, thus Fang Yuan decisively gave up a bead of green grape immortal essence to take control of the situation.


 The killer move myriad self was indeed created from the convergence of enslavement and strength path, its might was extraordinary. The swamp crab, which had brought huge trouble to Fang Yuan once before, causing him to use all his strength in order to barely deal with it, could not even raise its head from the beatings of myriad self, it continued to be in a disadvantage with no hopes of freeing itself.


 “You rascal, entering my home without a word and also injuring my desolate beast, how will you compensate me?!” Lang Ya land spirit furiously chided Fang Yuan.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was engrossed in looking at this land spirit from behind Fang Yuan.


 Lang Ya land spirit was thin with white hair, having a beard that reached his chest and a ruddy face like that of a baby’s. He was wearing a loose robe over his whole body and the two sleeves were fluttering in the air. If not for him seething with anger and staring at Fang Yuan with his eyes wide open, his demeanour would no doubt look elegant and sagely.


 Fang Yuan was already familiar with Lang Ya land spirit, he stared at the shackles around Lang Ya land spirit, frowning: “You have been sealed, no wonder I could not hear any news of your divine sense in treasure yellow heaven. According to northern plains’ time, we have not met for merely more than half a year, how could you end up like this?”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes opened even wider as he snarkily retorted: “Talk about yourself, how did you become like this? Neither human nor ghost! Advancing to a Gu Immortal and yet degenerating into a zombie, hehe, you should still have plenty of lifespan though.”


 “Hmph, Lang Ya land spirit, you have lived for so many years yet you don’t even know the simplest logic of give and take? Only by giving up one thing can you gain another, if I didn’t turn into a zombie, how could I be in front of you again and hold such powerful strength? But you, the longer you lived, the more you regress, now you can’t even refine Gu. You are really making your main body lose face.” Fang Yuan sneered, intentionally provoking the land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit’s sore spots were prodded and he immediately stamped his foot in anger.


 Not long ago, Lang Ya blessed land had suffered an attack from a mysterious force; Lang Ya land spirit was able to repel the invaders but he ended up sealed by a qi path killer move.


 Thus, he ended up having to invite his best friend to remove the seals.


 Lang Ya land spirit started cursing at Fang Yuan: “You shitty kid, you still have the nerve to talk about me? True Yang Building’s fall was definitely caused by you, right?! Hehe, so many people died, two super forces lost their tribe leaders, the whole of northern plains’ Gu Immortals are searching for you, the main culprit. You are now everyone’s target, your life must be pretty hard now, right!”


 The inkman Gu Immortal and Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expressions changed.


 The inkman Gu Immortal’s pupils shrunk slightly, feeling an intense urge to cover the land spirit’s mouth.


 But the land spirit had already said everything, it was too late.


 ‘How could you blurt out such a matter? Are you not afraid those two will attack to silence us?!’ The inkman Gu Immortal’s heart could not help but tremble with fear; these two were actually the people who had turned northern plains on its head and even wrecked Giant Sun Immortal Venerable’s arrangements! Too dangerous! The situation was going south!


 The next moment, both Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng gazed coldly at the inkman Gu Immortal.


 Even if the inkman Gu Immortal had high position and authority normally and had extraordinary strength himself, right now he could feel his heart going cold under the gaze of these two ruthless monsters.


 “Lang Ya land spirit, why are you not introducing us to this person?” Fang Yuan chuckled, his voice was so hoarse that it was borderline uncomfortable to hear.


 ‘I can’t let Lang Ya land spirit reply, who knows what this loose-lipped guy will say?’


 Thus, the inkman Gu Immortal summoned his courage and stood up, greeting: “My name is Mo Tan Sang, I live in inkman city and am the king of northern plains’ inkmen.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng raised his brows, he had not expected this person to have such an origin and immediately looked at the Inkman King in another color.


 Currently, the five regions were dominated by humans. Variant humans were living while pressured on all sides; many were sold as slaves or raised as pets, their livelihood was rather difficult.


 But in northern plains, inkmen had the most favorable status among the variant humans.


 Many variant humans had no fixed residence and would have to wander around like vagabonds. But inkmen had established a city in northern plains, which possessed three inkman Gu Immortals.


 Mo Tan Sang was the inkman city’s king. Under his leadership, the inkmen were able to resist pressure from various forces and withstand the covetous gazes of countless Gu Immortals. It was not easy to maintain the inkmen’s survival, it served to show how talented and skilled the Inkman King was.


 “Inkman King Mo Tan Sang...” Fang Yuan muttered inwardly.


 He had an impression of this name.


 In the chaotic war of the five regions during his previous life, the Inkman King took advantage of the lack of attention paid to him due to the human tribes being too busy in their internal conflicts, to grab the opportunity and develop rapidly, greatly expanding the inkman forces.


 When northern plains’ human forces wanted to suppress him, he actually disregarded his dignity as the king and threw himself to Liu tribe. He took a servant’s rite to Liu tribe’s supreme elder and became a servant to him.


 Liu tribe was one of the super forces, thus the inkman forces were protected. The inkman forces grew stably under this layer of protection.


 Later, when Liu tribe weakened, the Inkman King immediately gave up on Liu tribe to collaborate with Ma Hong Yun on equal terms.


 Before Fang Yuan self-detonated, the inkmen had hundreds of cities and occupied one-third of northern plains’ lands.


 From this one could see how talented and insightful the Inkman King Mo Tan Sang was. Not only did he have unique foresight and courage to take resolute actions, he could also bow and submit when necessary; he was not someone who could be belittled.


 Fang Yuan lightly praised: “So it is the Inkman King, sure enough, you have a majestic aura beyond that of ordinary people.”


 “I am not worthy of such high praise.” Inkman King quickly replied modestly.


 The person before him was the main criminal in destroying Eighty-Eight True Yang Building, he had to be extremely vigilant against such a dangerous person.


 He took the initiative to explain: “Lang Ya land spirit and I have been very good friends for many years. In truth, inkman city has always had close relations with Lang Ya blessed land. We in inkman city have some attainment in qi path, and it turns out Lang Ya land spirit was sealed using a qi path method. Thus I hurried over to help. Sir is a dragon who roams the sky, stirring up a storm and causing the whole of northern plains to be in a state of unrest. I cannot help but admire such grandeur. All along, our inkman city has been jointly suppressed by the Huang Jin tribes. Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable was even more overboard, demanding inkman cities to offer tribute in terms of countless female inkmen. In a way, you have helped us inkmen take revenge by destroying Imperial Court blessed land. You are also the land spirit’s friends, so you are my, Mo Tan Sang’s, friends as well. If you have any plans in the future, feel free to visit inkman city.”


 He was indeed the Inkman King, such outstanding eloquence that completely expressed his goodwill in just one conversation, especially speaking in neither a servile nor overbearing tone, it was extremely hard to come by.


 “Who is friends with this rascal?” Lang Ya land spirit shouted in dissatisfaction.


 However, he felt happy in the depths of his heart when he heard Fang Yuan praising his friend, and the anger he felt previously had reduced.


 Fang Yuan nodded to the Inkman King, replying with deep intent: “If there is an opportunity, I will definitely come to experience life in inkman city.”


 He then looked at Lang Ya land spirit and continued provoking him without concern: “Land spirit, even if I am not your friend, you should still welcome me and refine a Gu for me. Did you forget I still have one chance left to make you refine Gu! If I want you to refine Gu, you will do it even if you don’t want to!”


 Lang Ya land spirit could not put up a facade at all, his temper flaring up immediately.


 Normally, Gu Immortals would be polite and even flatter him to request him to refine Gu.


 When had he ever received heard disrespectful words like Fang Yuan’s?


 But Fang Yuan was speaking the truth, he still had the final chance to request for Gu refinement. Lang Ya land spirit was Long Hair Ancestor’s obsession, and he must abide by the agreement his main body had agreed to back then.


 “You damned scoundrel, I am so angry, my anger is going to explode!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted, his face completely red with fury.


 But suddenly, he grinned with happiness: “Ahahaha, I am trapped, this qi path seal is too troublesome, there are a total of seventeen or eighteen layers of seals. Just now, Inkman King only unsealed the first layer! Hahaha, I really can’t help you refine Gu right now, my hands are tied, this is wonderful!”


 He had been bored to death since he was sealed, not being able to do refinement meant his greatest hobby had been taken away.


 But right now, he was feeling quite happy about it.


 It was all Fang Yuan’s fault.


 Seeing this weirdo Lang Ya land spirit shouting and laughing like a buffoon, Tai Bai Yun Sheng felt this trip was worth it, his horizons were broadened!


 Inkman King was silent, he was the leader of a large force and was not willing to easily offend Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan coughed before speaking solemnly: “Alright, let’s talk about serious affairs. Since you can’t refine Gu, forget about it. I have another matter for coming over this time, I want to make a transaction with you.”


 “Transaction, what transaction?” Lang Ya land spirit asked.


 Inkman King immediately turned vigilant, Lang Ya land spirit might have high intelligence but his nature was frank, it was hard to say that he wouldn’t be cheated. Inkman King was the land spirit’s good friend, if Fang Yuan truly was conspiring, he would stand up and expose Fang Yuan’s scheme.


 “The transaction is simple, you should remember the thing about me being a wisdom path Gu Master, right? I will deduce Immortal Gu recipes for you while you will pay immortal essence stones as remuneration. This is a win-win deal.” Fang Yuan replied.


 “Deduce Gu recipes?” Lang Ya land spirit opened his eyes wide as he became dazed, but at the next moment he started laughing loudly.


 He was swaying back and forth in his laughter, if his hands were not bound, he might have been slapping his thighs together in laughter.


 Lang Ya land spirit ridiculed: “Fang Yuan, oh Fang Yuan, you are now a zombie and still think you can deduce Gu recipes? Moreover, Immortal Gu recipes? This old man advises you to get rid of this thought!”


 Inkman King, however, said: “An Immortal Gu recipe, even if it is a remnant recipe, has a high price. If we give it to sir to deduce it, but you fail in the process, then wouldn’t we be handing you the contents of the Immortal Gu recipe for nothing?”


 Lang Ya land spirit was startled to awareness, immediately yelling in rage: “Great, you actually wanted to swindle me of Immortal Gu recipes!”


 Fang Yuan had already prepared for this and laughed, opening his monstrous palm to reveal an Immortal Gu: “Look, what is this?”



***
Chapter 663 - Recognising Immortal Gu


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 At once, everyone’s attention was attracted to the Gu worm in Fang Yuan’s palm.


 The immortal aura of the Gu worm was radiating with the laws of the world, without doubt, it was an Immortal Gu. But no one knew which Immortal Gu it was.


 Only Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart shook, as he remembered what Fang Yuan had revealed to him in the past.


 “This Gu, this Gu...” Lang Ya land spirit watched with shining eyes: “I have never seen this Gu before, this is a new Gu.”


 He jumped in front of Fang Yuan, his nose was only two inches away from the Gu, next he sniffed like smelling a flower.


 He screamed: “Ah, this is the aura of luck path, this is a luck path Gu worm. Good lad, you destroyed True Yang Building, but it seems you had many gains.”


 Fang Yuan immediately mocked: “To think that the grand Lang Ya land spirit would have such shallow knowledge. This is not a new Gu, it had appeared ten thousand years ago. Let me teach you, this Gu’s name is Calamity Beckoning, it was invented by a certain generation’s fairy of central continent’s Spirit Affinity House, Mo Yao.”


 “Mo Yao?” Inkman King heard this and his eyes shone: “If I remember correctly, this woman is a rare legend in inkman history. She cultivated to rank seven, and had overwhelming charm, even the grand Sword Immortal Bo Qing was attracted to her!”


 Inkman King talked with a fanatical expression, like he was speaking of a treasure: “I apologise about my demeanor, but I have been looking up to senior Mo Yao as my role model since youth, thus I am very familiar with her stories.”


 Fang Yuan found this a little humorous, to think that this Inkman King was a fan of Fairy Mo Yao.


 But now was not the time to chit chat with the Inkman King. Fang Yuan used this chance to mock Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit was so ashamed from his words that his face turned red, he wanted to find a hole to hide himself in.


 He grumbled under his breath, but he did not rebuke Fang Yuan. After all, he really did not know this Immortal Gu.


 After Fang Yuan made some snide remarks in a mystifying tone for a while, he saw that the time was right and took back calamity beckoning Immortal Gu, fishing out another Immortal Gu.


 “Lang Ya land spirit, didn’t you say you were well learnt and knowledgeable? I will give you another chance, see what Gu worm this is?’


 Lang Ya land spirit stared with wide open eyes, he moved forward to take a closer look.


 After a few breaths’ time, he took a deep breath, his nervous expression became smug: “Of course I know this Immortal Gu, its name is Cleanse Soul, it is a cultivation assistance type Gu for soul path Gu Immortals. The cultivation of soul path includes strengthening the soul, refining the soul, and pacifying the soul. The best way to strengthen the soul is Dang Hun mountain’s guts Gu, the best way to refine the soul is Luo Po valley’s bewilderment fog and Luo Po wind, as for pacifying the soul, it would be the pacifying soul soup in Bewitching Lake. This cleanse soul Immortal Gu can refine a Gu Immortal’s soul, getting rid of all the impurities. But if it was used excessively, it would get rid of even the essence of their soul.”


 “Oh? You actually recognise this Gu!” Fang Yuan pretended to be shocked, thinking in his heart: “So this Immortal Gu is called Cleanse Soul, I called it Split Soul in the past, I guess I was wrong.”


 This cleanse soul Immortal Gu was the core Gu of the killer move myriad self.


 The killer move, myriad self, could form strength path phantoms of Fang Yuan, these strength path phantoms had a trace of his soul, thus Fang Yuan could manipulate them freely like an extension of his own body, it was agile and flexible.


 But precisely due to this, the killer move myriad self expended Fang Yuan’s soul foundation.


 Lang Ya land spirit saw Fang Yuan’s shock and his smugness intensified on his face.


 But Fang Yuan quickly said: “Count yourself lucky, you coincidentally recognised this Immortal Gu.”


 “Hey, what do you mean luck, this is my strength.”


 “If you really have strength, how could you not recognise calamity beckoning Immortal Gu?”


 “You!”


 “Never mind, take a look at this Gu, I’m sure you cannot recognise it.”


 “Show me, I will definitely know what it is!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted.


 Fang Yuan took out another Gu.


 Lang Ya land spirit concentrated his attention on analyzing, he laughed a few breaths later: “Haha, this is the cloud path Immortal Gu, Rising Azure Cloud.”


 “Rising Azure Cloud?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng interjected.


 “That’s right.” Lang Ya land spirit said proudly, shaking his head: “This Gu is a movement type Immortal Gu, it has a long history. Gu Immortals can use it to easily travel through mountains and cross water bodies. But what is most valuable, is that this Gu’s ascending and descending speed is extremely fast, it far exceeds most other Gu of the same rank.”


 “So this Immortal Gu is called Rising Azure Cloud.” Fang Yuan thought about it, appearing as if he was not satisfied, he took out another Immortal Gu.


 “Land spirit, it seems you might possibly have some skill. Look at this Gu.” Fang Yuan said.


 “What do you mean might possibly, of course I have skill!” Lang Ya land spirit rebuked, his eyes were shining as he looked at Fang Yuan’s palm.


 After a few breaths, his expression changed: “Oh, it’s you.”


 “What Gu is this?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng asked again at an appropriate time. At this point, he had already understood Fang Yuan’s intention.


 Although Fang Yuan had captured these Gu in True Yang Building, he did not know their origins, he had been guessing.


 There was no doubt that familiarizing oneself with unknown Immortal Gu was very troublesome.


 The most direct method was to consume immortal essence and activate the Immortal Gu, to directly see their effects. But this had some flaws.


 Firstly, immortal essence was precious. Secondly, Immortal Gu had huge power, it might cause harm to oneself if used wrongly. For example, calamity beckoning Gu and Spring Autumn Cicada could not be used blindly. Thirdly, some Immortal Gu have very peculiar uses, even if they were activated, they would not show any effect if the target or environment was inappropriate.


 Even though wisdom Gu could help Fang Yuan, Fang Yuan could only make deductions based on the information he already had.


 Lang Ya land spirit did not suspect a thing, he flaunted his knowledge: “This Immortal Gu is peculiar and vile, it is a one time consumable Gu. Although I have never seen it personally, I have heard about it in historical records, back then I paid close attention due to having a special impression of it. This Gu’s name is Woman’s Heart. It is different from ordinary Immortal Gu, its refinement and nurturing occur together.”


 Fang Yuan was immediately intrigued.


 Gu worms were classified into nurture, use, and refinement, these three aspects. Generally with the three aspects, although they affected each other, each still stood alone.


 An Immortal Gu with nurturing and refinement combined into one, Fang Yuan had never seen any. But Fang Yuan was very familiar with a type of Gu worm that combined use and nurturing, this was the rank five blood guillotine Gu that had a vile reputation.


 Then, what exactly was this woman’s heart Gu that combined refinement and nurturing?


 Fang Yuan was curious, but he could not ask directly. At this point, Tai Bai Yun Sheng cooperated and asked: “It can actually combine nurturing and refinement, this is the first time I’ve heard of this despite my long life.”


 Lang Ya land spirit gave Tai Bai Yun Sheng a look: “Lad, you are still young, you have not lived for long enough. The variety of Gu worms is as wide as the sea. The three aspects of nurturing, use, and refinement are extremely vast and profound. As the saying goes: A woman’s heart is the deadliest poison. This Immortal Gu, Woman’s Heart, is a poison path Immortal Gu, with a lethal poison. To nurture it, you will need the hearts of women. The process of feeding would also be the process of continually refining and promoting the Gu. The more hearts fed to it, the more powerful its poison.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression changed: “It needs the hearts of women? Such evil and cruelty, this is a demonic Gu!”


 “Mm, actually, you can use the hearts of female variant humans to replace it, but the effect would be worse than human hearts. To achieve the same toxicity, you will need many more hearts.” Lang Ya land spirit recalled.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression was solemn: “Even variant humans are people, they have parents, they have flesh and blood, love and hatred, how can they be sacrificed so easily? Just to feed a demonic Gu?”


 Saying this, Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan in worry.


 Fang Yuan was expressionless, he put away the Immortal Gu Woman’s Heart, and took out another Immortal Gu: “Lang Ya land spirit, I admit you have a degree of skill. But this level is still slightly inferior to me. Hahaha, the Immortal Gu in my hand now, there is no way you can guess it!”


 Fang Yuan seemed to have complete confidence, Lang Ya land spirit’s gaze was immediately attracted to the new Immortal Gu.


 “This is also a luck path Immortal Gu.” He sniffed with his nose, turning nervous.


 But a few breaths later, his nervousness vanished, he breathed out deeply: “I know this Immortal Gu, haha, back then, my main body had seen this Immortal Gu during a discussion about cultivation with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable.”


 “Oh? Such a coincidence?” Fang Yuan showed a look of disbelief.


 “Of course!” Lang Ya land spirit’s eyes were burning with fire, Fang Yuan’s disbelief made him extremely upset.


 To prove himself, he spilled all that he knew: “This Immortal Gu is called Connect Luck. It has a very special use, it can allow a Gu Master’s luck to be connected to other people’s luck. If one has good luck, it will be shared to the other person. Similarly, if one has bad luck, it will also affect the other party.”


 “If you have luck inspection Gu, you can inspect the formless luck of other people. If you see a person with good luck, you can use this connect luck Immortal Gu. But this is not the best method to use it, because luck is like a tide, its rises and falls are uncertain. If you do this, you still would want to use another Immortal Gu, Break Luck, in tandem.”


 “Another better method is to coordinate this with other luck path Immortal Gu, to connect your own luck to the luck of mountains and valleys, to the luck of a long river, or the luck of a blessed land or grotto-heaven, or even the luck of an immemorial desolate beast.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng immediately understood the reasoning behind this, he stated praise: “That’s right, famous mountains and valleys have been around for ages, blessed lands and grotto-heavens are unlikely to be destroyed, and immemorial desolate beasts are on par with rank eight Gu Immortals. The luck of these things is much more reliable than humans.”


 Lang Ya land spirit sighed: “Luck path takes a peculiar direction, while also piercing deeply into the Great Dao of heaven and earth. Giant Sun Immortal Venerable, who first created it, had amazing talent, he was extraordinary. Back then, Giant Sun Immortal Venerable discussed about Dao with my main body for seven days and seven nights, even my main body was full of admiration for him.”


 Inkman King continued: “In history, the ten venerables were all supreme existences. Even as an inkman, I am full of admiration for them.”


 He had understood Fang Yuan’s intentions since long ago, it was to obtain knowledge about the Immortal Gu from Lang Ya land spirit.


 But he did not expose this.


 Fang Yuan did not harm Lang Ya land spirit, Inkman King had no need to ruin his tenuous relationship with Fang Yuan for no reason.


 Fang Yuan nodded at the Inkman King, before turning to Lang Ya land spirit and saying: “Let’s go back to the deal, I am full of sincerity, I had never thought of taking your Immortal Gu recipes for myself. Land spirit, when I deduce the Immortal Gu recipe for you, I will place an Immortal Gu with you as collateral. By then, if I fail to analyze it, but had already seen the Immortal Gu recipe, you can take this Immortal Gu. You will feel assured in this case, right?”


 The value of an Immortal Gu far exceeded any Immortal Gu recipe.


 Lang Ya land spirit exchanged eye contact with the Inkman King, before shouting: “Rascal, it seems you are very confident in yourself. Okay, this deal is not risky for me at all, in fact, I profit from it. I will say this first, I will give you only three Immortal Gu recipes. It doesn’t matter which one it is, but you need to completely deduce an Immortal Gu recipe to count as a success. If you succeed in deducing the recipe of an Immortal Gu, hand it to me and I will pay you the immortal essence stones, as well as another remnant recipe.”


 “Okay.” Fang Yuan did not hesitate, he immediately agreed.



***
Chapter 664 - Bountiful Harvest


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 After successfully coming to an agreement with Lang Ya land spirit, Fang Yuan breathed out a sigh of relief.


 This transaction was simply too crucial, the profits would be the key for Fang Yuan to break free of his current problematic situation.


 Although he knew of many ways to earn immortal essence stones from his previous life’s memories, these methods needed time and planning, or involved great risk.


 The deal with Lang Ya land spirit was the only one with little risk, coupled with high rewards.


 After thinking about it for a while, Fang Yuan left the cloud path Immortal Gu, Rising Azure Cloud, in Lang Ya blessed land as the collateral of the deal.


 Rising Azure Cloud was a movement type Gu, Fang Yuan did not lack a movement Immortal Gu, he already had Worldly Wave Trace. The latter was suited for water path Gu Immortals, its effect was greater when used in an environment that had rivers, lakes, or the sea. Meanwhile, Rising Azure Cloud’s strong point was in ascending and descending, its normal movement speed across places was slower than Worldly Wave Trace.


 Fang Yuan only cared about practical use, to him, Worldly Wave Trace was much more useful.


 That night in northern plains, Fang Yuan returned to Hu Immortal blessed land alone, while Tai Bai Yun Sheng stayed in Lang Ya blessed land.


 Fang Yuan was very satisfied with this trip.


 Although he consumed one bead of green grape immortal essence, under that situation, without knowing the real circumstances inside Lang Ya blessed land, he needed to quickly defeat the swamp crab and gain the initiative of the situation.


 Immortal essence was indeed precious, but it should be used when needed. Immortal essence that was not used had zero value!


 Not mentioning one bead of green grape immortal essence, even if he had to use eight or ten, Fang Yuan would use them without hesitation if needed.


 He concluded that this time, he put in little investment, but made huge gains.


 Firstly, he took back Fixed Immortal Travel.


 The return of Fixed Immortal Travel was an extremely pleasant surprise. With Fixed Immortal Travel, Fang Yuan could cross the regional barriers, he could step into all five regions. Using the advantage of his rebirth, he could set up schemes everywhere, obtaining the biggest benefits.


 Even at worst, if Immortal Crane Sect breaks into Hu Immortal blessed land and destroys it, Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng could retreat while bringing along Dang Hun mountain and wisdom Gu.


 They could attack if they progressed, and defend if they retreated.


 Although Fixed Immortal Travel was a rank six movement Immortal Gu, it gave Fang Yuan the greatest advantage in this situation.


 Rising Azure Cloud and Worldly Wave Trace added together could not achieve something like this.


 At this point, Fang Yuan felt his pressure reducing.


 Secondly, he had formed the Snowy Mountain alliance with Hei Lou Lan and Fairy Li Shan.


 Hei Lou Lan had the Great Strength True Martial Physique, one of the ten extremes, she had huge potential and once she advances into an immortal, her battle strength would be terrifying.


 Fairy Li Shan was a famous character in northern plains, on one hand, she was the third leader of Snowy Mountain blessed land, but on the other hand, she had a wide range of friendly relationships, and had dealings with many of northern plains’ righteous path Gu Immortals.


 There were scumbags and weirdos among righteous path Gu Immortals, and the demonic path even more so had its outliers. Every conflict originates from benefits, the righteous and demonic paths were not just enemies out to kill each other. They also cooperated, made transactions, and even worked together secretly.


 Fairy Li Shan had the mountain pledge Immortal Gu, this Gu was the reason why she was so popular with everyone.


 Dong Fang Chang Fan had created an alliance with the righteous forces, he needed mountain pledge Gu. Demonic path Gu Immortals were even more suspicious of each other, such a huge organisation like Snowy Mountain blessed land could be built all because of the foundation of mountain pledge Gu.


 Because the alliance created using mountain pledge Gu could not be broken, this was the key to gaining the trust of demonic path Gu Immortals.


 Fang Yuan allied with them because on one hand, he could gain powerful assistance, while on the other hand, he could settle his biggest problem of not getting timely updates about information in the world.


 Fairy Li Shan had wide connections, it was much easier for her to gain information compared to Fang Yuan.


 And thirdly, Fang Yuan obtained the information of four Immortal Gu.


 He had snatched them when destroying the formless fists, they were Cleanse Soul, Rising Azure Cloud, Woman’s Heart, and Connect Luck.


 In terms of value, starting from the lowest, the first would be Rising Azure Cloud. To Fang Yuan, this Gu had the least value, he was exerting its greatest use by leaving with Lang Ya land spirit as collateral.


 Poison path Immortal Gu Woman’s Heart, a one time expenditure Gu that combined refinement and nurturing, it had slightly greater value. Generally speaking, these one time use Gu had powerful effects, like the Immortal Gu Gruel Mud.


 Above Woman’s Heart was Immortal Gu Cleanse Soul. Cleanse Soul could refine the soul, its effect was far greater than Fang Yuan’s wolf soul Gu. Fang Yuan had guts Gu, it was easy to strengthen his soul. Before he enters Luo Po valley, Immortal Gu Cleanse Soul would be the best replacement..


 In addition, Cleanse Soul was the core Gu of the killer move myriad self. This had even greater value.


 Fang Yuan made an evaluation, if he did not use the killer move myriad self, his battle strength was lower than ordinary rank six Gu Immortals. But once he used this killer move, his battle strength surged, he would be equivalent to a first rate rank six Gu Immortal.


 Of course, compared to Fang Yuan’s blood path battle strength in his previous life, he was still weaker.


 In Fang Yuan’s previous life, he was a demonic path overlord, at the peak of rank six, and was only a step away from rank seven. His battle strength was truly fearsome, he was at the top of rank six, he even had the shocking battle result of winning twice against ordinary rank seven Gu Immortals.


 Last was connect luck Immortal Gu.


 This luck path Immortal Gu was unexpectedly Fang Yuan’s greatest gain! Its value even surpassed Cleanse Soul.


 Even though Cleanse Soul was myriad self’s core, it was not irreplaceable.


 But the importance of connect luck Immortal Gu, to Fang Yuan, was simply unique!


 Fang Yuan’s first vital Gu was Spring Autumn Cicada. This Immortal Gu was the cause of his rise, without this mystical Gu, he would not have reached this stage. But at the same time, this Gu had always been dragging him down.


 Be it the pressure towards his aperture, or Spring Autumn Cicada’s weakness — the constantly low luck of the user, it gave huge problems to Fang Yuan, and even resulted in many fatal crises.


 If not for Fang Yuan’s ability and ruthless personality, coupled with his many methods, ordinary people in his place would have died long ago.


 Spring Autumn Cicada was Fang Yuan’s trump card, but it was also his greatest flaw.


 With connect luck Immortal Gu now, it could resolve Spring Autumn Cicada’s luck flaw.


 Lang Ya land spirit had provided many uses for the connect luck Immortal Gu, the best way was to use other luck path Immortal Gu along with it, using them together to link the Gu Master’s luck to a famous mountain or river, an immemorial desolate beast, or even blessed lands and grotto-heaven. These existences have boundless and long lived luck, they were not easy to destroy.


 But Fang Yuan was not going to use this method.


 Because he could not, he only had one luck path Immortal Gu, he could not use it with other luck path Immortal Gu.


 Fang Yuan’s method was: To use connect luck Immortal Gu to link his luck with other people’s luck.


 Lang Ya land spirit had earlier said: A person’s luck was like a tide, its rises and falls were uncertain. In connecting your luck to others, you had to be careful, otherwise the user would be dragged down at times. If this was used with break luck Gu, it would expend precious immortal essence, and it would also force the user to be on constant alert.


 But this weakness was non-existent to Fang Yuan.


 Why?


 Because he was someone who was reborn using Spring Autumn Cicada!


 He knew who the lucky, famous, or extremely successful people were of this generation, he even knew what their achievements would be, and when their downfalls would occur.


 “I can totally use my previous life’s memories to find these future important people, and use connect luck Gu to link my luck with them. Since I have Spring Autumn Cicada, my luck will always be abysmal, after connecting our lucks, the one taking advantage will always be me.”


 Fang Yuan thought about this and recognised the great advantage that Fixed Immortal Travel gave him even more clearly.


 If not for Fixed Immortal Travel, he would not be able to freely move between the five regions, where would he have time to travel far and wide to look for those people who were currently still nobodies.


 The final gain from this trip were the three Immortal Gu remnant recipes he brought back from Lang Ya blessed land.


 These Immortal Gu recipes had very high completion rates, they were ninety percent and above, there was even one piece with ninety-nine percent completion rate!


 After resting for a while, Fang Yuan arrived at the underground cave.


 Deducing an Immortal Gu recipe had too many elements to consider, the wills created by mortal Gu were definitely insufficient, Fang Yuan had no hesitation, he activated delight in water and mountain Gu.


 He decided to do the easy one first, to settle the remnant recipe with ninety-nine percent!


 At the same time, in Lang Ya blessed land.


 “Lang Ya land spirit, what do you think of my restoration?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s hands were behind his back, he stood before Lang Ya land spirit and the Inkman King.


 Inkman King saw the restored cloud soil as amazement shone in his eyes uncontrollably.


 Earlier, Tai Bai Yun Sheng had taken the initiative to stay behind, when he had suggested to heal Lang Ya blessed land, he did not see much hope. But to think that Tai Bai Yun Sheng did such a great job, the effect was out of his expectations!


 Lang Ya land spirit assessed Tai Bai Yun Sheng for a while, saying: “To think that at such a young age, you are quite impressive. How did you do it?”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed bitterly, he was old and had white hair, to hear someone call him young was a really peculiar and weird experience.


 He took out landscape as before Immortal Gu, displaying it before the two of them, and introducing it clearly.


 Inkman King praised loudly: “To think that there is such an amazing Immortal Gu. With this Immortal Gu, we can restore the blessed land’s terrain and river flow, it can greatly reduce the losses caused by heavenly tribulations and earthly calamities! This Immortal Gu’s value is immense!”


 Lang Ya land spirit was also interested: “I have heard of this Immortal Gu, it once belonged to Immortal Jiu Hui. Immortal Jiu Hui had inherited a certain true inheritance from Spectral Soul Demon Venerable, not only did he have Landscape as Before, he also had Man as Before. I have not seen this Gu of yours personally! Let me research it, it is bound to give me new inspiration, I will give you five immortal essence stones as compensation.”


 Lang Ya land spirit had many businesses, he was very rich and did not lack immortal essence stones.


 “Five immortal essence stones...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng hesitated before rejecting and shaking his head.


 Immortal Gu were one’s personal secrets, they should not be exposed easily.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng, for the sake of his future, learned from Fairy Li Shan and had no choice but to expose landscape as before Immortal Gu. How could he hand this to Lang Ya land spirit? He said he would research, but what if he ruins it during the process?


 Seeing that Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not agree, Lang Ya land spirit was very disappointed, but he still footed the bill: “You restored all the cloud soil for me, according to our deal, this is three immortal essence stones.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng waved his hand and rejected: “I will not accept these three immortal essence stones. When Fang Yuan comes to hand in the recipe, give it to him along with his compensation.”


 Lang Ya land spirit was stunned, before laughing wildly: “What? Don’t tell me you believe that the rascal can really succeed and complete the recipe? Hahaha, do you know how many years these recipes have troubled me? Especially that recipe at ninety-nine percent completion rate, even my main body could not finish it!”



***
Chapter 665 - Three 100% Immortal Gu recipes!


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “Lang Ya land spirit, isn’t this a little inappropriate?” Inkman King glanced at Tai Bai Yun Sheng, as he said this with worry. The other party included the fierce people who wrecked Imperial Court blessed land and toppled Eighty-Eight True Yang Building! Inkman King was very worried Lang Ya blessed land would be harmed if Fang and Tai were angered.


 Lang Ya land spirit was extremely frank and as if he had not heard Inkman King’s words, he satisfiedly said: “Hmph! That brat is too crafty, he dared to treat this old man in such a vile manner, so I did it on purpose! I am teaching him a lesson to let him understand the principle of respecting the old. Hahaha, what Gu recipe can he deduce? What foundation does he have? He is clearly a strength path immortal zombie, did he think this old man could not see it? Hmph, little Tai Bai has blind confidence in him. If he can deduce the Immortal Gu recipe, this old man will personally crush his medicine grinder and eat it!”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng did not respond, instead looking at the arrogantly laughing Lang Ya land spirit with pity. He really wanted to say: It is not Fang Yuan whom I have confidence in, but the wisdom Gu.


 ...


 Fang Yuan quietly stood within the wisdom light halo.


 After a while, he slowly opened his eyes, they were shining with joy.


 “Success.” He was deeply moved. In a few moments worth of time, he had deduced the first remnant recipe to one hundred percent.


 This perfected Gu recipe was the ninety-nine percent remnant recipe.


 Fang Yuan gasped in surprise when he looked at this Gu recipe again: “This last step was simply mystical, to think this was a Gu recipe I perfected.”


 He himself found it incredulous.


 Deducing Gu recipes depended on one’s foundations and inspirations. If one did not have enough foundation in refinement path, it would be very difficult to deduce Gu recipes. But even Gu Masters with deep foundations would often encounter problems when deducing Gu recipes. They would be stopped at these steps, not able to progress even an inch for years, there were even cases where Gu Masters would not make any progress for decades or even a century.


 To break through these barriers would require inspiration.


 But inspiration was extremely hard to obtain, it could appear continuously over a short period of time or not even appear once in many years.


 Even if they had inspiration, that was only a possibility and it would have to be tested and verified.


 If it was successful, that would be true inspiration. If it failed, that would only be an idea, a failed attempt.


 “Wisdom Gu’s might lies in being able to provide unlimited inspiration to Gu Masters. I am a refinement path master, my foundation is enough and I only lack inspiration.” Fang Yuan once again sensed the power of a rank nine Gu.


 This was still the case in which he had only stepped inside the wisdom light halo, if there came a day when he truly activated wisdom Gu, who knows what the results would be.


 Fang Yuan suppressed the flood of thoughts and examined his mind.


 There were still large amounts of joyful will in his mind.


 The remnant Gu recipe had been extremely close to completion and had only lacked the final push. Thus, Fang Yuan did not use much joyful will.


 He concentrated and began deducing another Gu recipe.


 The second Gu recipe was the Immortal Gu remnant recipe with ninety-seven percent completion.


 Fang Yuan did not have to consume much joyful will this time around either, only expending one third to cross the barriers that were blocking the completion of the Immortal Gu recipe.


 Crossing these barriers meant resolving the greatest troubles, the thinking process could then smoothly progress with everything else being obvious. Fang Yuan could deduce them completely even if he relied only on his own ability.


 But at the third Immortal Gu recipe, Fang Yuan encountered slight trouble.


 He had to use up three beads of green grape immortal essence in a row before he was able to perfect this Immortal Gu recipe.


 The difficulty of this Immortal Gu recipe was quite high; when one problem was solved, another would appear. Thus, even though its completion rate was already as high as ninety-six percent, the amount of green grape immortal essence expended to deduce it was two to three times as much as than the previous two.


 But even so, when considering the deal, Fang Yuan profited hugely!


 Fang Yuan hurriedly connected to treasure yellow heaven and contacted Lang Ya land spirit with divine sense Gu.


 Lang Ya land spirit laughed wildly and was thinking Fang Yuan had made contact to admit defeat. So when Fang Yuan handed him a one hundred percent complete Immortal Gu recipe, he was stunned for a while.


 After a few breaths of time, all his attention was absorbed into the contents of the Immortal Gu recipe.


 “Amazing, amazing! This barrier could actually be broken in such way. Why didn’t I think of it, how could I not have thought about it!” He shouted. Were it not for both his hands being trapped in the qi path seal, he would probably be slapping his thigh fiercely.


 The praise suddenly stopped, and an embarrassed expression showed on Lang Ya land spirit’s face.


 He had not forgotten that a short while ago he had been extremely pessimistic of Fang Yuan’s ability. How could he have expected Fang Yuan would hand over a completed Immortal Gu recipe to him not long after?


 Lang Ya land spirit felt embarrassed, muttering: “Brat, who could have thought that your line of thought is so weird, you actually hit the target while blindfolded, and wildly deduced this Immortal Gu recipe. Consider it your luck this time, according to our contract, perfecting a rank six Immortal Gu remnant recipe of a ninety percent or over completion rate will be paid with ten immortal essence stones! Should I hand them to you using treasure yellow heaven or will you come personally to take them?”


 Transactions in treasure yellow heaven naturally required a fixed service charge. But Fang Yuan would have to use Fixed Immortal Travel if he went to personally receive the payment.


 And every activation of Fixed Immortal Travel required one bead of green grape immortal essence, it was a considerable price.


 Fang Yuan thought it over, using treasure yellow heaven would mean a cheaper cost, but it was hard to avoid leaving behind some traces which might be deduced by some wisdom path Gu Immortals with harmful intentions.


 But personally going to take them would mean too high of a cost, Fang Yuan was somewhat troubled.


 Lang Ya blessed land was in northern plains while Hu Immortal blessed land was in central continent. The two were not in the same region so using hole earth Gu was not possible. Only stargate Gu could be used.


 “Land spirit, with your personality, you should have stargate Gu there, right?” Fang Yuan asked.


 “Hehe, brat, you really understand me.” Lang Ya land spirit frankly admitted.


 He had obtained stargate Gu’s recipe from Fang Yuan. He first refined a set of stargate Gu and gave them to Fang Yuan, refining another set afterwards for his own collection.


 Fang Yuan nodded and transmitted his thoughts: “Treasure yellow heaven is not safe, our transaction will be sensed by many and once the frequency of this increases, it will bring us great trouble. Fixed Immortal Travel is convenient but the price to use it is too high. It is better for us to link our two blessed lands and establish a stargate.”


 “Build a stargate?” Lang Ya land spirit shook his head and refused Fang Yuan’s suggestion without consideration, “Brat, I have been deceived many times by you. Building a stargate is not a small thing, any calamity over your side will immediately afterwards be directed here as well. If Lang Ya blessed land is discovered by someone, my life will be difficult!”


 Fang Yuan laughed loudly and did not attempt to persuade him, instead handing over the second Immortal Gu recipe.


 “You actually completed another one?!” Lang Ya land spirit received a huge shock.


 This speed, wasn’t it simply too fast?


 “This method of resolving the problem is simply marvelous! You actually thought of using this Gu and there is also refinement Gu material like intimate grass, how did you think of them?” Lang Ya land spirit chattered on and exclaimed as he appreciated the wonders of this one hundred percent completed Immortal Gu recipe.


 “Hahaha, old man, the new generation replaces the old! You are already old and stay all day in Lang Ya blessed land without knowing the developments in the outside world. Even if you have your best friend, Inkman King, he is an inkman, how could he come across the key aspects of human cultivation? Moreover, who am I?! I am a peerless genius of wisdom path! One day, I will surpass Star Constellation Immortal Venerable.” Fang Yuan laughed arrogantly while spouting nonsense.


 Lang Ya land spirit was dumbfounded.


 He really wanted to retort, but the truth was right in front of his eyes. The two Immortal Gu remnant recipes which had troubled him for countless years were solved so easily by Fang Yuan.


 Fang Yuan suddenly heaved a sigh: “Sigh, do you know the loneliness of a genius? Since my birth, I knew I was extraordinary, there was no one around who could have an equal conversation with me. Some people even believed I was a monster, they were afraid of my wisdom and envied my talent! I could only hide myself and appear to be like a normal person, it was to the extent that no one could see that I was overflowing with heaven defying talent. Wisdom path seemed to be the path the heaven arranged for me, but from a twist of fate, I ended up becoming a strength path immortal zombie. Tell me, isn’t my life full of setbacks, even heaven was envious of my talents!”


 Lang Ya land spirit could no longer bear to listen to this, stamping his foot: “Hey brat, don’t be so self-important! What is amazing about deducing two Immortal Gu recipes! If you are really a genius, then deduce the final Immortal Gu recipe, only then will this old man admire you.”


 Fang Yuan was silent.


 Lang Ya land spirit raised his head: “Hmph, kid, this old man admits you have some talent. But so what? Even my main body was stumped by that final Immortal Gu recipe. Ponder over it properly for seven to eight years, maybe you will know how profound this world is and how many stars there are in the sky. You will then learn to be humble, ahahaha...”


 “You mean, this Immortal Gu recipe?” The corners of Fang Yuan’s lips pulled back as he tossed out the third Immortal Gu recipe.


 This was simply the final blow!


 Lang Ya land spirit’s laughter came to an abrupt stop, shortly afterwards, he shouted in shock: “This, what is this? What, what in the world is this?!”


 His voice contained a trace of panic.


 Fang Yuan heaved a long sigh and said with a slow, sad voice: “I said it earlier, my talents often provokes fear and envy. Sigh, nothing can be done, I am such a genius, I was born this way...”


 Lang Ya land spirit’s panic this time was no small thing.


 He was only formed from an obsession and was not shrewd.


 This final Immortal Gu recipe was a huge impact to him.


 “You really succeeded in deducing it? Incredible! Incredible! This Immortal Gu recipe can actually be solved like this, your train of thought went in a completely different direction! No wonder even my main body could not deduce it... This old saying has come true: The mountain road twists around every new peak; a glimmer of hope shines at one’s darkest hour! The mountain road twists around every new peak; a glimmer of hope shines at one’s darkest hour!”


 Lang Ya land spirit kept on mumbling to himself, he was at first completely shocked before becoming ecstatic, finally he calmed down, his heart filled with frustration.


 This Immortal Gu recipe had been perplexing him all along and even his main body was stumped, unable to take the final crucial step.


 Sometimes Lang Ya land spirit even thought that this Immortal Gu recipe was a complete dead end and there was no way for it to be resolved.


 He had given it to Fang Yuan to deliberately make things difficult, and had never imagined it would truly be solved.


 However, he obtained the complete recipe now.


 The problem he and even his main body could not resolve, was solved by Fang Yuan.


 His heart could not help but feel frustration and listlessness.



***
Chapter 666 - Huge profit!


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Chapter 666: Huge profit!


 “Don’t tell me that this kid truly is a wisdom path genius, one rarely seen in a hundred years? No, such ability and wisdom is heaven defying, this talent is not just rarely seen in a hundred years, there might not be one in a thousand years or even ten thousand years!”


 When he thought of this, Lang Ya land spirit immediately felt there was some sense in Fang Yuan’s repulsive character.


 “Right, only a genius like this can have such a repulsive character. Like my main body...” Lang Ya land spirit started to feel Fang Yuan’s repulsive character was no longer so disagreeable, and even felt a sense of appreciation for similar talents.


 At Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan was calm and unruffled. He might have become a zombie and his thoughts might have slowed down, but it was still more than enough to bully a land spirit.


 If it were possible, Fang Yuan did not want to take such risks. He would rather hand over the Immortal Gu recipes one by one over long intervals, and not directly provide the three Immortal Gu recipes like he was doing now.


 This action was too eye-catching, it was sure to attract doubts and suspicions from others.


 Lang Ya land spirit was frank and open but he still had a good friend called Inkman King, this variant human was a genuinely formidable character.


 But Fang Yuan could do nothing about it, as the situation was forcing him.


 He must earn a large number of immortal essence stones in a short period of time and increase his strength, both to break through the current perils he was facing, and also to delay the time before he was exposed.


 If he worries over this and that, holding back on releasing the Immortal Gu recipes, who would Fang Yuan cry to if this led to his defeat and death?


 Fang Yuan smiled, Lang Ya land spirit had not responded but he knew: these three Immortal Gu recipes were tossed out one by one like three bombs, they had already shaken Lang Ya land spirit’s mind. This was a good time to talk about conditions!


 Therefore, he spoke: “Lang Ya land spirit, I will speak frankly with you, I need immortal essence stones and you need Immortal Gu recipes, we will be collaborating a lot in the future. Building a stargate will be beneficial to both of us.”


 “Stargate...” This time, Lang Ya land spirit hesitated and did not immediately refuse.


 Fang Yuan displayed his exceptional talent in wisdom path which caused Lang Ya land spirit to have a newfound respect for Fang Yuan. Thus, the land spirit began to pay serious attention to Fang Yuan’s suggestion.


 Fang Yuan persuaded again: “Land spirit, do you think your Lang Ya blessed land will be safe just because we don’t build a stargate? Don’t forget, you have already suffered from three waves of attacks, every wave stronger than the previous. No doubt, Lang Ya blessed land’s location has already been discovered, you are already being observed by some great force. After we build a stargate, we can even take this collaboration to the next step; at crucial times, I could come to protect you through the stargate.”


 “Protect me...” Lang Ya land spirit was finally moved.


 He thought of the impressive battle scene when Fang Yuan beat down the swamp crab, it was truly a formidable display.


 Moreover, these three waves of attacks had completely disrupted Lang Ya blessed land’s peaceful environment, creating an enormous sense of danger in Lang Ya land spirit.


 Fang Yuan asked at this time: “You haven’t sold stargate Gu at treasure yellow heaven, right?”


 “Not yet, I have no lack of immortal essence stones.” Lang Ya land spirit replied.


 Fang Yuan laughed brightly: “This is even better. Stargate Gu is a new innovation, it is not like hole earth Gu which has to be planted on the ground and therefore discovered easily. You would need to activate stargate Gu every time you want to open a stargate, thus it is very hidden. Even if you feel something wrong, you can destroy the stargate Gu in your hands at the crucial moment, won’t that work? There is simply no threat in building a stargate.”


 Fang Yuan talked gliby, his words impacting on the depths of Lang Ya land spirit’s heart. Lang Ya land spirit finally agreed: “Alright, we will build a stargate. But let’s put the collaboration aside for now, and first handle the transaction of deducing Immortal Gu recipes.”


 The land spirit added another sentence: “I will be in charge of refining the stargate Gu, I will lend it to you.”


 With this, he would be in greater control of the situation, after all he still felt a little uneasy.


 Over at Hu Immortal blessed land, Fang Yuan exposed the smile of a winner and clenched his eight fists in joy.


 Success!


 With this, he had attained initial approval of collaboration with Lang Ya land spirit, connecting to Lang Ya blessed land would make future transactions much profitable. Not only could it save some money, it would also give an additional retreat path.


 Besides this, Fang Yuan was able to prevent the supply of stargate Gu to treasure yellow heaven’s market which could have given huge advantages to other Gu Immortals.


 Lang Ya land spirit provided the stargate Gu which also saved Fang Yuan some trouble.


 If Lang Ya land spirit could feel safe with this, Fang Yuan was happy to comply.


 “I must form a good relationship with Lang Ya land spirit. I won’t be cheated by doing transactions with him, and can also earn large amounts of immortal essence stones. As long as I handle this relationship properly and continue to deepen it, who knows, one day Lang Ya land spirit might lend me some Immortal Gu to use.” Fang Yuan calculated inwardly.


 Lang Ya blessed land contained many Immortal Gu, among them were beast enslavement Immortal Gu and Heavenly Essence Treasure Imperial Lotus.


 By borrowing Immortal Gu, Fang Yuan would be able to save a large expense in nurturing them.


 How cost effective was it!


 Fang Yuan was taking one step but had already planned the next ten steps. Lang Ya land spirit was also very happy, feeling his luck was truly good for finding a wisdom path genius rarely seen in ten thousand years. All the Immortal Gu remnant recipes in his possession had hopes of being perfected!


 Fang Yuan had intended to receive stargate Gu through treasure yellow heaven, but the cautious Lang Ya land spirit refused.


 Fang Yuan could only use green grape immortal essence and make a trip to Lang Ya blessed land to take the stargate Gu.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng still remained there as there were still several rivers in the blessed land that he needed to restore.


 The round trip, as a result, cost Fang Yuan two green grape immortal essence.


 But with this journey, he brought back one stargate Gu, three new Immortal Gu remnant recipes and also thirty immortal essence stones.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng wanted Fang Yuan to take the three immortal essence stones he was being paid, but Fang Yuan refused and left it to Tai Bai Yun Sheng. After all, Tai Bai Yun Sheng also required cultivation resources, the stronger he became, the more help he would be to Fang Yuan compared to three immortal essence stones.


 The stargate could not be immediately built — Fang Yuan did not have any more starlight firefly Gu.


 Without the starlight from starlight firefly Gu, the two stargates were unable to be activated.


 Fang Yuan summarized the transaction this time.


 He used a total of five beads of green grape immortal essence to deduce Immortal Gu recipes. When he returned alone from Lang Ya blessed land earlier, he used up one bead of green grape immortal essence. To take one stargate Gu, he had to go to Lang Ya blessed land and return back to Hu Immortal blessed land, consuming two green grape immortal essence beads. He had invested altogether eight beads of green grape immortal essence.


 And his gains were a whole thirty immortal essence stones.


 “I have only nine green grape immortal essence remaining now.” Fang Yuan had formed a middle grade blessed land and the few green grape immortal essence he had obtained were heavily used up in this back and forth trip from northern plains.


 However, Fang Yuan was not anxious.


 He had become a zombie and his immortal aperture was dead, no longer able to produce green grape immortal essence by itself. But he could extract immortal essence from immortal essence stones and turn them into his own green grape immortal essence.


 Back then, First Gen Gu Yue, who had turned into a blood wight, also used primeval stones to recover his primeval essence. The logic between the two was the same, it was only a difference of ranks.


 That is to say, Fang Yuan could use up all these thirty immortal essence stones to turn into his own green grape immortal essence. One immortal essence stone could be treated as one bead of green grape immortal essence which meant the amount of his green grape immortal essence had increased to thirty-nine beads!


 “But immortal essence stones are worth more than green grape immortal essence, the former is used as currency while the latter can only be used by an individual. Unless necessary, I should not rashly refine these immortal essence stones to green grape immortal essence. Anyway, as long as I can continue transacting with Lang Ya land spirit, I will have more and more immortal essence stones. Now, let’s connect to treasure yellow heaven and check.”


 Fang Yuan was full of confidence when connecting to treasure yellow heaven this time.


 The purchasing power of immortal essence stones was extremely strong. Back then, Fang Yuan used one immortal essence stone to buy a myriad wolf king and a wolf group with over thirty thousand wolves.


 Thirty immortal essence stones were sufficient to be called a large sum.


 In his previous life, Fang Yuan had established the Blood Wing Demon Sect and as a demonic path overlord, the greatest amount of immortal essence stones he had at one time was also no more than sixty-four. Naturally, he spent a lot in his previous life. This number was the result of his expenditure and profits constantly offsetting each other.


 Fang Yuan sat down and closed his eyes, sending his consciousness towards his immortal aperture.


 The immortal aperture was a scene of deathly stillness, the sky was grey and the ground was black, and the air was filled with a putrid odor.


 Mo Yao’s will was still imprisoned inside, monitored from time to time by Fang Yuan. The mirror willow planted earlier had already died, becoming a collapsed pile of rotten wood on the ground.


 With a shift of Fang Yuan’s mind, a new connecting heaven Gu fluttered up to the air in his immortal aperture and formed a passage to treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan then activated divine sense Gu, forming a continuous stream of divine sense which followed the passage created by connecting heaven Gu and entered treasure yellow heaven.


 He was now an immortal zombie, no longer needing the help of Little Hu Immortal, and could make transactions himself.


 Treasure yellow heaven was still the same, the vast space rippling with lemon-like yellow light. There were no mountains, rivers or forests, and also no birds, beasts, insects or fish, there was not even a sky or ground, the only things here were was all sorts of treasures and goods.


 Gu worms, Gu recipes, killer moves, beast groups, variant humans, vegetation, ore veins, soil, water, fine wine and all sorts of goods. Each of them quietly floated in air, releasing all sorts of colors, giving off large or small treasure light.


 The brighter and larger the treasure light was, the more the good was worth. But treasure light was only an initial estimation, one might not be able to infer from the treasure light if the item was tampered by the Gu Immortals or not.


 This was the largest exchange market among the five regions’ Gu Immortals, it allowed for bargaining, while taking a fixed service charge. This also tested the Gu Immortal’s discernment skills; if they bought counterfeit goods, they could only blame their bad luck as treasure yellow heaven would not be liable for any loss.


 Fang Yuan wanted to buy starlight firefly Gu first.


 This type of Gu worm emitted pure azure starlight, it was a prerequisite for activating a stargate.


 His divine sense searched around and soon found a large group of starlight firefly Gu, there were over one thousand.


 Fang Yuan was familiar with the seller, it was Star Lord Wan Xiang.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang seemed to be star path Gu Immortal; he not only sold starlight firefly Gu, but also star dart Gu, stellar fire Gu, falling meteor Gu, star river Gu and so on.


 It was obvious that Star Lord Wan Xiang’s blessed land produced star path mortal Gu and he sold these Gu worms to generate revenue.


 Even Gu Immortals who did not cultivate star path would often buy some star path Gu worms for refining, researching killer moves or other purposes.



***
Chapter 667 - Eight Arm Immortal, Spring Star Rain


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 “How much are you selling this group of starlight firefly Gu for?” Fang Yuan’s divine sense sent over.


 “How may I address you, sir, and how many starlight firefly Gu do you need?” Although Star Lord Wan Xiang was not around, he left behind a will near his goods.


 But this will could be seen to have a great appearance, it was dazzling like the stars, extremely appealing to the eyes. Fang Yuan’s wisdom path attainment was low, he did not recognize its origins.


 “You can call me Eight Arm Immortal, I want to buy this entire group of starlight firefly Gu.” Fang Yuan transmitted.


 Fang Yuan was using his own blessed land to connect to treasure yellow heaven, and he had also changed his divine sense Gu and connecting heaven Gu, thus Star Lord Wan Xiang did not realise that Fang Yuan was the former ‘Fox Immortal’, he thought Fang Yuan was a stranger.


 But listening to Fang Yuan’s tone, he seemed like a big spending customer, thus Star Lord Wan Xiang’s will immediately became enthusiastic: “Starlight firefly Gu is an olden antiquity Gu worm, now it is almost extinct. My starlight firefly Gu are in excellent condition, and I have over a thousand and two hundred of them. How about this, I will sell them to you at a price of four immortal essence stones.”


 Fang Yuan laughed: “You’re trying to scam me, don’t think I am unaware of the normal selling price. I was introduced to you by someone, thus I came here. You are not the only one selling starlight firefly Gu, there is still Fairy Yao Guang and Di Yuan, I can get the starlight firefly Gu from them as well.”


 Fang Yuan had once instructed Little Hu Immortal to deal with all three of these Gu Immortals. Not only did he buy over a hundred thousand starlight fireflies, as well as their food, star fragment grass, he also bought the experiences of the three of them in planting star fragment grass, he spent a lot.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang’s will was slightly startled, he now knew Fang Yuan was well aware of the market rate, his words changed: “Hehehe, I was kidding earlier, don’t take it seriously Sir Eight Arm Immortal.”


 Fang Yuan interrupted him, saying: “I will pay two immortal essence stones to buy a thousand and five hundred starlight firefly Gu.”


 Star Lord Wan Xiang immediately rejected this, saying: “Sir, this is simply too low, I cannot sell it at this price.”


 After some bargaining, both of them took a step back, using three immortal essence stones, he obtained one thousand and two hundred starlight firefly Gu.


 After buying the starlight firefly Gu, he did not leave, instead he asked: “Do you sell any star path killer moves?”


 “Could it be that sir is also a star path Gu Immortal? Hehehe, of course I sell them, take a look. I have three star path killer moves here.”


 Fang Yuan started browsing.


 The first star path killer move was called ‘dazzling star armor’, it needed large numbers of starlight Gu, a few bane star Gu, several star shield Gu and so on to be activated. This was a defensive killer move, once used, a full body armor would form on the Gu Immortal’s body, shining like starlight.


 The second killer move was called ‘spring star rain’. It needed large numbers of star rain Gu, small numbers of spring wind Gu, some star shoot Gu and others, once used, it would form a jade colored rain, drizzling non stop for three days and three nights. The rain would be rich like oil, it could provide nutrients to crops and greatly increase productivity. This killer move was used to nurture plants, and manage the blessed land.


 The third was called ‘spiral drill star spear’. Like the name implied, it was an offensive killer move. It needed small numbers of spiral bone spear Gu, several star river Gu, countless star dart Gu, and large numbers of shooting star Gu.


 These killer moves’ details were very interesting.


 The numbers of Gu worms were usually classified into large numbers, several, some, and a few, vague terms like these without actual real numbers. At the same time, the ways to construct these killer moves were also not specified, including the sequences of activating the Gu worms, as well as the relationships between different Gu worms.


 Only the general statuses of the killer moves were mentioned, like what rank five Gu were needed, and what effects the killer moves had.


 Only after the killer moves were bought would their details be clearly stated.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang spoke at an appropriate time: “Killer move dazzling star armor is sold at half an immortal essence stone. Spring star rain was created by my main body personally, only a few Gu Immortals have bought it now, thus the value is slightly higher at one and a half immortal essence stones. Spiral drill star spear costs one immortal essence stone.”


 Killer moves were priced according to their rarity, flaws, strength and power, backlash, whether they can be easily countered, and the conditions of the Gu worms that compose the killer move. But they had one common point, they were usually not cheap.


 In treasure yellow heaven, ordinary mortal killer moves were priced higher than mortal Gu recipes of the same rank. But at rank six and above, the price of immortal killer moves were far less than Immortal Gu recipes.


 Dazzling star armor, Fang Yuan knew this killer move even though he was not a star path Gu Immortal, it was extremely common. Half an immortal essence stone was too expensive.


 Fang Yuan had planned to buy a star path offensive killer move, he remembered a mortal killer move called icy stardust. This killer move had a wide range, the star path Gu worms that were used in it were common, and it was also very effective in dealing with enemies. The stardust had defense piercing ability, and even if it could not break the defense, it would stick to enemies and emit frost energy that would slow them down.


 As for Star Lord Wan Xiang’s spiral drill star spear, Fang Yuan had not heard of it.


 This meant that this offensive killer move’s value was not high.


 In the five hundred years of Fang Yuan’s previous life, during the chaotic five regions war, the war ruined old and inefficient systems, causing the birth of many new inventions.


 Fang Yuan did not remember spiral drill star spear, that meant it was not outstanding, it had been out of use since long ago back then. A killer move that was out of use definitely had many weakness.


 But the spring star rain killer move made Fang Yuan’s eyes shine.


 This was a surprising find.


 Fang Yuan thought of the star fragment grass, it was the food of the starlight fireflies, as well as their home. The stronger and larger the starlight fireflies, the more starlight firefly Gu could emerge from them. Fang Yuan’s desire towards starlight firefly Gu was going to persist for a long time.


 This, he needed this killer move.


 Fang Yuan looked over this spring star rain killer move another two times.


 He noticed a problem.


 The Gu worms that made up this spring star rain had one star path Gu worm called star shoot Gu, it was a consumable Gu.


 Fang Yuan had never heard of this Gu, this was the first time he had heard of it.


 Fang Yuan thought about it and realized: This was Star Lord Wan Xiang’s ploy.


 After Gu Immortals bought the killer move, spring star rain, every time they wanted to use it, they would need to expend star shoot Gu. Meanwhile, only Star Lord Wan Xiang sold this star shoot Gu.


 Star Lord Wan Xiang wanted to turn this one time killer move purchase into a continuous trade.


 Fang Yuan probed and asked: “I will offer two immortal essence stones for your spring star rain killer move and the star shoot Gu’s recipe.”


 Star shoot Gu was only rank three, such a mortal Gu recipe was not worth half an immortal essence stone, this price was extremely high. But as expected, Star Lord Wan Xiang rejected him without hesitation. His explanation was that this star shoot Gu was naturally formed in his blessed land, there was no recipe.


 This was a really good excuse.


 Some blessed lands, if managed well, due to the peculiarity of the environment, would give birth to new Gu.


 Not only can Gu Immortals refine and create new Gu worms, nature could do the same.


 Fang Yuan knew that this was very likely to be an excuse, but he could not request to enter Star Lord Wan Xiang’s blessed land to check.


 The blessed land was the Gu Immortal’s headquarters, it involved their most private matters. Only if they had a really good relationship and trusted each other deeply would they invite another Gu Immortal into the blessed land.


 Fang Yuan saw that Star Lord Wan Xiang was unwilling, thus he suggested: “Alright, I will pay two immortal essence stones to buy spring star rain and dazzling star armor, these two killer moves along with some star shoot Gu. I want enough star shoot Gu to activate spring star rain ten times.”


 Star Lord Wan Xiang heard this and shook his head: “The expenditure of star shoot Gu for six uses of the killer move would be worth half an immortal essence stone. Sir is only offering two immortal essence stones, yet I have to provide dazzling star armor as well. This is a loss for me, I will not do it.”


 Fang Yuan snickered: “Star shoot Gu is only a rank three mortal Gu, each activation only uses about five hundred at most. Activating the killer move six times would consume three to four thousand of them, you are selling that for half an immortal essence stone?”


 “Sir might not know, star shoot Gu is naturally created in my blessed land, its production is very slow. It cannot be bought outside because it is a unique product of my Myriad Star blessed land.” Star Lord Wan Xiang was very courteous, but his underlying meaning was, buy it if you want to, but if you do not buy it, you will not find it elsewhere.


 He had the confidence of dominating the market of this Gu.


 Fang Yuan laughed, continuing to bargain, while the other party refused to relent.


 During this process, he realized that in the other party’s mind, dazzling star armor’s value was still very high.


 “It seems that before the war of the five regions, dazzling star armor had not been spread by the respective forces, thus this killer move’s value is still very high.”


 War was a very efficient method of interaction.


 Especially in this world.


 During peacetime, primeval stones, immortal essence stones, all these had great value and could not become widely used currency, the economy could not prosper.


 But during times of war, battle merits, sect contribution points, all these replaced primeval stones and immortal essence stones as currency, they pushed for the development of all aspects of the economy.


 After realizing this, Fang Yuan stopped being forceful. He used two immortal essence stones to buy spring star rain and enough star shoot Gu to activate the killer move ten times.


 After completing this transaction, Fang Yuan continued to search in treasure yellow heaven.


 He found out that in treasure yellow heaven, Gu Immortals had increased air bubble fish’s price up to at least ten times that of before.


 Fang Yuan investigated for a bit and realized that the situation was the same as in his memories. During the end of last year, two Gu Immortals had fought above air bubble sea, causing intense poison to spread in the sea, turning it into a death zone.


 Rare goods were more expensive, with the production of air bubble fish falling drastically, the price naturally shot up.


 “The five regions have regional walls that isolate one another, this causes them to have their own independent events, and they barely influence one another. Since rebirth, I have affected southern border, northern plains and central continent. Among them, northern plains’ influence was the largest, it is now a huge mess. Second was central continent, followed by southern border, after all, what I changed in southern border were only events at the mortal level. As for western desert and eastern sea, they are still the same.”


 Using Spring Autumn Cicada, Fang Yuan learnt about the inertia of the river of time as well as the butterfly effect. This sort of lack of change and change interweave together, it was evident that Fang Yuan’s understanding towards this world’s law of time was becoming deeper.


 As for air bubble fish, Fang Yuan remembered that during the five regions war, this fish group would be extremely popular among Gu Immortals, the price would be even higher than now.


 That was because an air bubble fish group could boost the rate of mortal Gu appearing in insect groups.



***
Chapter 668 - Little Immortal Xing Luo


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 During peacetime, Gu Immortals raised Gu, their demand to purchase large quantities of mortal Gu was not high. Purchasing was a secondary option, in most cases, the primary method was the blessed land’s own production. The time flow was different in blessed lands compared to the outside world, one day in the outside world was many days inside the blessed land. One year outside would mean many years in a blessed land, while each year, there would be a certain output harvested. Gu Immortals would normally not choose air bubble fish, because the price was too high, they would rather simply wait for some time.


 But during wartime, when Gu Immortals frequently fought against each other, they would avoid using their Immortal Gu trump cards often, mortal Gu would be the common method of attacking, and their expenditure would be huge. Thus, air bubble fish became a sought after commodity among all Gu Immortals during the five regions war.


 In fact, Fang Yuan had once bought air bubble fish to increase the production of his starlight firefly Gu.


 But unfortunately, towards the end of his northern plains trip, he lacked money, thus he had to sell almost all of his wolf group, fox group, and large numbers of air bubble fish and hairy men.


 Fang Yuan had a chance to profit from air bubble fish, but life was full of unexpected changes, because he sold them too soon, he made a loss instead.


 Right now in Hu Immortal blessed land, there were very few air bubble fish.


 “I still have to buy air bubble fish, but not now. In a few years, air bubble sea would be repaired, and the price of air bubble fish will be lower. By then, I will invest some immortal essence stones and buy a huge group of them. Maybe I should breed these air bubble fish in large numbers, so that during the five regions war, I can make a huge profit...”


 Fang Yuan had just bought over a thousand starlight firefly Gu, they could last him for a long time, he was not in need of air bubble fish to boost their production.


 “Are you Little Immortal Xing Luo?” A moment later, Fang Yuan found his target.


 Coincidentally, his target was also looking at yellow treasure heaven.


 “That would be me. Senior, what would you like to buy? The price is negotiable.” Little Immortal Xing Luo’s divine sense transmitted, it was quite enthusiastic, even as much as having a tone of flattery.


 Fang Yuan looked, the goods she was selling were not only small in quantity, they were very common, almost nobody would pay attention to her, she was evidently quite poor.


 She was indeed a Gu Immortal, but not all Gu Immortals were wealthy. Battle, refining Gu, research, undergoing tribulation, all these would greatly expend the Gu Immortal’s foundation and wealth.


 Fang Yuan knew from his memories: This Little Immortal Xing Luo was a lone cultivator, a newly advanced female Gu Immortal with weak foundations, she was at the toughest part of her career in starting her trading.


 Little Immortal Xing Luo was a huge figure in the mortal realm, she would be revered and respected by mortals. But in treasure yellow heaven, among the many Gu Immortals, she was not outstanding at all.


 “But who would know, during the five regions war, this Little Immortal Xing Luo would starting shining brightly, using her killer move icy stardust to quickly accumulate wealth from battle, becoming quite the famous figure later on.”


 Fang Yuan sighed and admired the mystical powers of time and destiny.


 According to the prophecy of the three venerables, the five regions war was the start of the great era, when this generation’s Great Dream Immortal Venerable would be born.


 The great era where each rank nine Gu Immortal was born had a common point, that was during the chaotic battles, large numbers of new Gu Immortals would rise up.


 The new replaces the old, the waves of an era would cause brilliantly shining ripples. Among paths, forces, individuals, they would collide and interact, causing the way of Gu to develop at a rapid pace, it would be an era of change.


 Fang Yuan was one of them.


 He started off with blood path, becoming a central continent Gu Immortal. But unfortunately, he had only experienced the first half of this new era before he had to use Spring Autumn Cicada to self-detonate.


 “Do you sell killer moves?” Putting his mood aside, Fang Yuan asked Little Immortal Xing Luo.


 “Mm, I have one killer move here.” Little Immortal Xing Luo was a bit embarrassed: “This is an ice path killer move that I obtained coincidentally, it is called icy yarn. Its price is half an immortal essence stone, this is the lowest price for a rank five killer move.” Her last sentence showed her fear of Fang Yuan suppressing the price.


 Fang Yuan took a look at the content, humming in discontent: “This icy yarn killer move needs so many rank five Gu, and the defense is a wide range defensive effect...”


 To use large numbers of rank five Gu at once, the user had to be a Gu Immortal, mortals have limited primeval essence and could not do that in most cases.


 A wide area defense meant that the defensive strength would be lower than a single target defensive killer move. Meanwhile, Gu Immortals often fought alone, unless they were enslavement path Gu Immortals. But enslavement path Gu Immortals had their own enslavement path defensive methods, why would they choose an ice path killer move?


 Little Immortal Xing Luo laughed bitterly in her heart, Fang Yuan hit the nail on the head, because of these reasons, the killer move icy yarn was not easy to sell.


 But Little Immortal Xing Luo had no choice, she had limited goods in her possession, and she was a lone cultivator, she needed huge amounts of resources to kickstart her cultivation.


 Although she became a Gu Immortal, she was left penniless after the tribulation, most of her Gu worms were destroyed. She had made an elaborate development plan, she wanted to plant a vast number of shiver trees in her blessed land. Her blessed land’s environment was very suitable to grow shiver trees, but she lacked the most crucial start up fund.


 She had billions of primeval stones in her possession, but not a single immortal essence stone.


 The sellers of shiver tree seeds numbered in only a few people, most of them wanted specific items for trade, or immortal essence stones. They had no need for the stuff that Little Immortal Xing Luo had.


 Hearing Fang Yuan say that, Little Immortal Xing Luo’s heart lost all hope.


 After the last few months, she had gotten used to disappointment.


 But the next moment, Fang Yuan said: “I am researching star path killer moves recently, I am a little interested in this icy yarn killer move. But half an immortal essence stone is too expensive! If you have any innovative small killer move, add it in and I might buy this for half an immortal essence stone.”


 “Innovative small killer move?” Little Immortal Xing Luo’s hopes were reignited, she thought about her own star path killer move ‘six-nine stardust’.


 ‘Six-nine stardust’ was her personal creation, it used six rank three Gu and nine rank four Gu, but could unleash the attack power of a rank five Gu.


 She had once been extremely proud of it, but soon her horizons broadened, and she understood that there was a mountain above a mountain, a man above another man, she became more modest.


 Little Immortal Xing Luo only hesitated for a moment, her desire towards immortal essence stones had won her over.


 “Junior has a small killer move, but I’m afraid it might be useless to senior.” She said carefully.


 Fang Yuan’s heart jumped, but his tone was still very calm: “Oh? Tell me about it.”


 After seeing the six-nine stardust killer move, Fang Yuan held in his joy and evaluated: “Mm, this killer move is barely acceptable, who knows, it might bring me some inspiration. Well, since my mood is great today, I’ll take care of a newbie like you. Hahaha, this is half an immortal essence stone!”


 “I finally have half a piece, I’m just half short!” Little Immortal Xing Luo was overjoyed, when they parted, her tone was full of well wishes for Fang Yuan.


 Afterwards, Fang Yuan spent another two immortal essence stones, buying large amounts of Gu refinement material and mortal Gu worms.


 After spending another two stones, he bought a group of elderly hairy men.


 Hairy men were almost always the most expensive among slaves.


 These hairy men, although they were old and would die in a few years, were very experienced in Gu refinement.


 Fang Yuan had intended to refine a few sets of stargate Gu, but this Gu’s success rate was very low, back then, even though Lang Ya land spirit refined it himself, he still failed many times. If Fang Yuan tried, it would waste a huge amount of his time, he was going to let these old hairy men refine it for him.


 Central Continent, Immortal Crane Sect, Fu Hu blessed land.


 Fang Zheng had a solemn expression as he stepped into the tunnel.


 The tunnel was huge and wide, every one hundred steps, there would be an elite rockman guard, the defense was like an iron fortress.


 These rockmen were all trained by the blessed land’s owner, all of them had at least rank four battle strength and were skilled in earth path Gu worms.


 Every one thousand steps, there would be a huge rockman, his size would be at least three times that of a normal rockman. Even in such a wide tunnel, they could only squat down on the ground.


 But rockmen were born to dig tunnels and live underground, these rockmen did not feel any discomfort.


 Every time Fang Zheng walked in this tunnel, he would feel apprehensive. Especially when he could feel the rank five Gu Master aura permeating from these huge rockmen.


 “Our Immortal Crane Sect’s strength is simply too great! If these rank five rockmen were all brought outside, I’m afraid all the other sects would be shocked.” While he passed a huge rockman, Fang Zheng muttered to the spirit incubating flea.


 Lord Sky Crane, who was inside the spirit incubating flea, said: “Not really. Which sect would not have their trump cards and foundation? Especially the other nine great ancient sects, they are no weaker than us. But the current owner of Fu Hu blessed land is the third supreme elder of our sect, Lord Tiger Demon. The rockman slaves that he nurtures are the best in central continent! Even in treasure yellow heaven he has huge influence, his wealth and abilities are not something us mortals can begin to imagine.”


 Fang Zheng’s heart had a longing feeling: “What sort of realm is Gu Immortal, they can actually rear so many rockmen, this is truly amazing!”


 Lord Sky Crane replied: “Each Gu Immortal is an elite of the elites, an absolute genius, a dragon among men, they all have great opportunities and chance encounters. They have all cultivated step by step from a mortal identity, Fang Zheng, you are rank five now, maybe one day, you will become a Gu Immortal!”


 Fang Zheng shook his head continuously: “Master, I know my limits. My rank five cultivation was mostly due to the sect’s relic Gu. The sect is nurturing me with all its effort, using the resources on me. My rank five cultivation cannot compare to you, master, who cultivated step by step. But now, I think that rank five is not something rare, look at this tunnel, there are at least thirty huge rockmen.”


 “Fang Zheng, it is good that you feel indebted to Immortal Crane Sect’s generosity towards nurturing you. But do not put yourself down, man is the spirit of all beings, although variant humans call themselves humans, these rockmen might look strong and brave, but in one on one battles, they are unable to compare to the rank five Gu Masters in our sect, what they specialize in are group battles.” Lord Sky Crane laughed.


 “Is that so?”


 “Lord Sky Crane said: “These rockmen are very stupid, it was because they encountered a rich master that they could have such accomplishments. Do you think these rockmen can compare to the elders in our sect? If I was still alive, I could deal with more than ten of them at once. Alright, we are at the blood pool.”


 Fang Zheng heard the words ‘blood pool’ and his muscles contracted involuntarily.


 He pushed the door in front of him, entering a cave.



***
Chapter 669 - He Feng Yang’s scheme


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 This cave was as large as a plaza; blood colored light filled the cave along with a dense bloody odor. In the center of the cave, a round hole had been dug out, inside of which blood gurgled and emitted hot air.


 Fang Zheng took a deep breath before taking off his clothes in a familiar fashion, when naked he then entered the blood pool, immediately taking large gaping breaths due to the scalding blood.


 He soon adapted to the temperature of the blood and stood still at the center of the blood pool. The blood pool reached up to his waist, revealing his chest and most of his arms.


 “Begin. Do it one by one, don’t be anxious. First is iron blood Gu.” Lord Sky Crane reminded.


 Fang Zheng slowly closed his eyes and activated iron blood Gu as instructed.


 Immediately, the Gu worm’s power started transforming his blood. His red blood began to darken and become denser, the blood flow also became extremely slow.


 As a result, Fang Zheng’s fair skin also darkened.


 “Maintain iron blood Gu, activate blood blade Gu.” Lord Sky Crane said again.


 Fang Zheng activated blood blade Gu; his body shuddered, his skin burst open forming over a hundred wounds from which large numbers of blood blades shot out – they were all pitch black iron-blood blades!


 Shortly afterwards, blood like molten iron slowly flowed out of the wounds.


 Fang Zheng had a cold expression, he did not feel any pain, instead, intense pleasure attacked his mind. This was the effect of iron blood Gu, it could turn pain to pleasure and help the Gu Master to adapt to battles, even a weak Gu Master could turn into a warrior addicted to battle.


 This was one of the achievements of Immortal Crane Sect from years of researching blood path.


 This blood slowly flowed into the bright red blood pool, dying the nearby area around Fang Zheng black.


 “It is the crucial step now, use blood merge Gu.” Lord Sky Crane reminded.


 Fang Zheng gritted his teeth as he activated blood merge Gu.


 Immediately, under the effect of the Gu worm, the more than one hundred wounds on his body burst out with an intense suction force. The surrounding blood was being absorbed without pause.


 “Ahh....” Fang Zheng groaned softly, the intense pain had turned into intense pleasure. He gritted his teeth hard, his body trembling nonstop.


 As large amounts of blood were absorbed, his body inflated, turning into an abnormal fatty. His body was over three times the size of his original self. His skin burst open and the thick, snake-like veins twisted around in his body.


 The elegant and handsome young master had transformed into a nauseating, ugly monster.


 “Don’t forget your goal, you need to resist this pleasure. Fang Zheng, activate failed blood demon flower Gu!” Lord Sky Crane was monitoring Fang Zheng’s situation and hurriedly reminded him.


 The words ‘failed blood demon flower Gu’ shook Fang Zheng’s mind and he was barely able to get past the intense pleasure, gasping as he activated failed blood demon flower Gu.


 Fang Zheng tightly clenched his fists, a large amount of blood in his body was rapidly being corrupted. Under the effect of the Gu worm, vines started growing out of his blood.


 These thin vines pierced Fang Zheng’s skin and soon coiled around his body.


 Flower buds started growing out of the vines and quickly blossomed, turning into pretty blue flowers resembling chrysanthemums.


 “Urghh—! Fang Zheng tightly gritted his teeth, groaning softly in pain. His face was pale, his whole body was like soil with many demonic flowers growing forcibly on him. This intense pain was ten times more terrifying than a woman giving birth!


 Even iron blood Gu’s effect was not able to resist this kind of pain.


 Fang Zheng almost shattered his white teeth from the pain. His face turned pale white and blue veins popped up on his forehead, making him look malevolent and terrifying.


 “Your blood is boiling, your organs and your body will be burned by your own blood if this goes on. Use cold blood Gu quickly.” Lord Sky Crane reminded nervously.


 Fang Zheng activated cold blood Gu with great difficulty.


 His blood quickly cooled down till he was shivering from the cold; he was finally out of the deadly crisis.


 “That will do, demon flowers will greatly increase the effects of your blood path Gu worms. You are just a step away from success, use blood sense Gu!” Lord Sky Crane said with a hurried tone.


 “Blood sense...” Fang Zheng lowered his head, his gaze had turned blurry from the pain. From the many drills he had done before, he was finally able to persist and activate this blood path investigative Gu worm.


 Several breaths later, Fang Zheng spoke: “I... I can sense... underground, southeast, distance is five to six thousand steps.”


 “Great, you did it again! You are on the verge of success, it is the final step, use blood scar Gu to mark the position.”


 “Arghhh...” Fang Zheng started to shout unconsciously at this time. His gaze was completely blurry, the weakness caused his body to be on the verge of collapse. He exerted all his strength to extract all the potential he had to activate blood scar Gu.


 He was delirious, there was still enough primeval essence in his rank five aperture but he could only mobilize a small portion. The primeval essence was like a small creek flowing slowly into blood scar Gu.


 However, blood scar Gu had extremely large demand for primeval essence; Fang Zheng could only persist for eight breaths of time before he finally collapsed, falling down into the blood pool, unconscious.


 ...


 An incense burner was letting out wisps of smoke, this quiet room had no windows and was extremely dim.


 He Feng Yang was wearing a white robe with a black belt, sitting on a meditation mat with wide sleeves.


 He looked young and mild like jade. His dark green brows were sharp and long, reaching up to his waist. At this moment, his serene and deep eyes were staring at the spirit incubating flea in front of him.


 The spirit incubating flea was floating in the air, and Lord Sky Crane’s soul was reporting the results of Fang Zheng’s training.


 He Feng Yang said with a dissatisfied tone: “Sure enough, despite letting him live in Fu Hu blessed for eight years and also giving him many relic Gu to become a rank five Gu Master in a short period of time, he still can’t achieve a simple thing like simultaneously activating six to seven Gu worms.”


 Lord Sky Crane considered his words before speaking: “Fang Zheng is young, he is still lacking in the basics of multitasking. But this subordinate feels he is a very hard worker and he has made large progress rapidly. Recalling the first attempt, he only lasted a breath of time after activating blood merge Gu before he fainted.”


 “Therefore I added iron blood Gu, the result was that in the second try, the pleasure was too much for him, the blood flowed out wantonly till he fainted. He lasted for three breaths of time.” He Feng Yang interrupted Lord Sky Crane in displeasure.


 Lord Sky Crane quickly said: “Lord Supreme Elder, truthfully speaking, even this subordinate would find it hard to multitask under such intense pain and pleasure. Fang Zheng is not far from success, he was able to persist for eight breaths of time this time. One needs to last for ten breaths of time to activate blood scar Gu successfully. And he is only lacking the last two breaths of time. As long as we can train a few more times and allow a little more time, we can...”


 “Enough! How much more? You still want to train more? Time, time, just hear yourself, how much time has been wasted in your plan? How long? Years! There is still no improvement, Dang Hun mountain is still not in our hands. Don’t you know how many dissatisfied voices are there in the sect, how many disciples are requesting the higher ups to open the exchange of guts Gu?”


 “Subordinate is incompetent and even implicated Lord Supreme Elder, I have committed a heinous sin!” Lord Sky Crane begged for mercy when he saw He Feng Yang become furious.


 He Feng Yang took some deep breaths before waving his sleeve: “Leave now, there is only a month before the sect convention. Before I go to the sect convention, I want to hear the good news of your training succeeding, and that we can start our plan to capture Hu Immortal blessed land!”


 “But lord, a month is too short, Fang Zheng will not be able to endure excessive training. We can nurse his physical health with Gu worms, but the intense pleasure and pain will injure the soul and can even cause his soul to shatter!” Lord Sky Crane inquired.


 He Feng Yang chuckled: “Isn’t the collapse of his soul exactly what you want to see? Thus, you can seize his body and resurrect. Wasn’t this your initial plan?”


 His smile turned gentler as he said this: “This Fang Zheng has only gone on a crash course to reach rank five Gu Master, his nature is still childish. He is insufficiently tempered, how could he compare to you, Lord Sky Crane? After we use him to seize Hu Immortal blessed land, you can return. Sigh, since Su San and Zhou Wu were killed by that demon Song Zi Xing, there are fewer and fewer capable subordinates like you at my side.”


 The gentler He Feng Yang’s tone became, the colder Lord Sky Crane felt in his heart, he replied in a grateful tone: “Receiving such importance from Lord Supreme Elder, this subordinate will definitely repay lord’s kindness greatly and offer my life in sacrifice!”


 “Good, take your leave now.” He Feng Yang waved for Lord Sky Crane to leave.


 The quiet room now only had He Feng Yang, his smile gradually disappeared before being replaced by a grave expression, his gaze somewhat tense.


 After Fang Yuan seized Hu Immortal blessed land, he had been in charge of this matter and now a year had passed, the sect’s pressure on him was growing larger day by day. Especially his enemy in the sect — Gu Immortal Lei Tan, who had publicly ridiculed his incompetence several times.


 The sect convention a month later was a tough barrier. If He Feng Yang could not show any progress, it would be very difficult to cross this barrier. He could almost hear Lei Tan’s mockery echoing throughout the convention.


 “But it won’t be long... as long as this plan succeeds, I can shut the mouths of all those petty people like Lei Tan. I would have the greatest contribution to the sect over these last years! In the attack against Hu Immortal blessed land, I will personally make a move. Moreover, I have invited Fairy Cang Yu and Old Lord Can Yang. Fairy Cang Yu has similar battle strength to me, and has at least three mortal killer moves. While Old Lord Can Yang is a rank seven Gu Immortal with an offensive Immortal Gu!”


 “The only problem is that the land spirit can prohibit the use of all mortal Gu. I don’t have any Immortal Gu to use, so I might not be able to do much. The only method is to consume green grape immortal essence. Fortunately, Hu Immortal blessed land was originally barren and not managed properly, how much green grape immortal essence could it have accumulated? I don’t believe Fang Yuan can exhaust our three Gu Immortals’ combined strength! As long as Hu Immortal’s immortal essence is consumed, the land spirit will be powerless and won’t be able to restrict mortal Gu. At that time, hmph!”


 He Feng Yang mumbled to himself, gradually calming his tensed mind.


 At the same time, in an underground cave in Hu Immortal blessed land.


 Fang Yuan slowly stepped out of the wisdom light halo, a satisfied smile on his face.


 Just now, he had successfully deduced the killer move, icy stardust.


 





***
Chapter 670 - Icy Drill Stardust


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 The starlight firefly Gu were like a swarm of bees, flying in the air, giving off blue starlight.


 The starlight was being drawn in by an invisible force, gathering into a stargate.


 This was a huge circular door, it was made up of starlight, it shined like an illusion, it was like a scene within a dream.


 As time passed, the starlight firefly Gu continued to dwindle in numbers, as the dead starlight firefly Gu fell to the ground from midair.


 One leg stepped out of the stargate into Hu Immortal blessed land, next, the entire person walked out of the stargate.


 It was an old man, he had white hair and deep wrinkles, his eyes were tired but bright, it was Tai Bai Yun Sheng who had returned from Lang Ya blessed land.


 “I am back again...” Tai Bai Yun Sheng was covered in dust, he looked at the scenery in Hu Immortal blessed land, sighing to himself.


 Although he had not lived here for a long time, he felt that this was his home.


 He had a sense of belonging to this place.


 At this time, Fang Yuan flew over from the sky: “Hahaha, Old Bai you came back at a good time, come, see the killer move that I just deduced.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw this familiar figure and laughed heartily: “Oh, is that so? I bought a cloud path defensive killer move from the Inkman King, why don’t we fellow disciples have a friendly match.”


 Saying this, he flew into the air.


 Fang Yuan heard this and raised his eyebrows, he stretched out one of his right arms, with his palm facing the sky, and his fingers straight.


 A lump of starlight soon began to form in his palm.


 “Oh? Is your killer move a star path killer move?” Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw this starlight lump and was shocked.


 He flew into the sky, as a ring of white clouds appeared around him.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was at the center of these white clouds, the clouds were like a huge belt, moving around along with Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Fang Yuan slowly moved his fingers, grabbing the starlight lightly in his hands.


 “Old Bai, get ready to take this.” He growled, as he flicked a finger, a speck of starlight shot out like lightning.


 The starlight speck’s size was small, but extremely fast, it flew in the air, shooting towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 “Decent speed.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng evaluated, from such a long distance, with him completely focused, he had a chance to dodge it. But because they were exchanging blows, he wanted to test his own cloud path killer move, thus he stood still and took the starlight head on.


 When the starlight got close to Tai Bai Yun Sheng, the white cloud ring suddenly rotated, at an extremely fast pace!


 The cloud ring blocked the starlight for him.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng stopped the cloud ring, he gazed with rapt attention, only to see that at the area where the cloud ring had blocked the starlight, it had turned blue, and frost energy was oozing, creating a layer of frost.


 In response, he said laughingly to Fang Yuan: “It seems this killer move that you deduced isn’t too amazing. You have to know, my killer move has not been fully activated yet.”


 The corners of Fang Yuan’s mouth opened, showing his sharp, uneven teeth: “Neither has mine, take this!”


 He flicked his fingers, as countless specks of starlight were shot out instantly.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng was still at the same spot, but the cloud ring around him was rotating faster and faster, it was almost like a white ball had formed around him.


 Fang Yuan’s specks of starlight were blocked by the cloud ring completely.


 Fang Yuan did not stop attacking, he showed an interested gaze. The pure white cloud ring was gradually turning blue from the starlight, and its speed was getting slower.


 “Your killer move has a great freezing effect, it can slow your enemies.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng evaluated: “My killer move also has another effect.”


 Saying this, he continuing activating his killer move.


 The cloud ring that had almost been frozen into a blue ice statue exploded, with a loud bang, the blue frost turned into vapor as it spread towards the surroundings.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng showed joy, praising himself: “My cloud ring can store the attacks of enemies, when it reaches its limits or when I activate the following effect of my killer move, I can make the cloud ring explode, to let my enemies face their own attacks! Junior brother, it seems my killer move is stronger than the one you deduced.”


 Fang Yuan snickered: “Old Bai, it is still too early to say that.”


 Saying so, he flicked his wrist, and threw the entire starlight lump towards Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s heart shuddered, he quickly activated his killer move, and five cloud rings formed around him. With him as the center, the cloud rings expanded out with varying sizes, the cloud rings were like five concentric circles surrounding him, protecting him in the center.


 The starlight lump came attacking, but the five cloud rings rotated rapidly, their afterimages produced an illusory white ball.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed loudly, he was in the middle and felt extremely safe.


 But right at this moment, the starlight lump exploded.


 Ding ding ding, dang dang dang...


 Large amounts of starlight specks flew everywhere, colliding into one another, the explosion covered Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s entire body, as frost energy burst out.


 “The force of this explosion far surpasses the force of the individual starlight specks added together.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s expression changed, the five cloud rings had turned blue, and their speed fell.


 “Again!” Fang Yuan raised his eight arms, with his monstrous arms simultaneously grabbing at the air like claws.


 The next moment, lumps of starlight formed in his palms.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng saw this and his pupils shrunk, he did not dare to be overconfident, he quickly activated his Gu worms and rapidly rotated the rings.


 Fang Yuan stood on the spot, his eight arms fired shots consecutively, the starlight lumps flew like a meteor, bombing in the direction of Tai Bai Yun Sheng.


 Bam bam bam...


 The explosions were right next to his ears, Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s appearance turned pathetic, as he dodged around. The five cloud rings had reached their limits, they self-detonated one by one, while the force of the detonation allowed him to regain his momentum.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng quickly replenished the five cloud rings, as Fang Yuan continued to unleash his explosions, but he managed to maintain his defense.


 “Enough.” Fang Yuan suddenly stopped.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng breathed roughly, he slowly flew towards Fang Yuan: “What is the name of this killer move? What percent of its full power did you use?”


 Fang Yuan replied without any shame: “I named this icy drill stardust, this is my unique creation. When I activate it fully, I can unleash a water vat sized starlight lump up to six times, but the bigger the lump, the slower the speed of movement. Because the more stardust there is inside, the more they collide, and the energy used up would reduce their speed.”


 “That is to say, you did not even use fifty percent of the killer move’s power! How is your killer move so strong? Although it cannot compare to an immortal killer move, the power is already far superior to most mortal killer moves.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng gasped.


 Fang Yuan laughed heartily: “When I was in Imperial Court blessed land, I found an inheritance, it came from a famous poet of northern plains, Dou Min Jun. He was creative and created a brand new star Gu. This star Gu can increase the attack power of star path Gu worms, it is like the weakened version of amplify effect Gu. When I deduced this killer move, I fused this Gu into it, thus the power was this great.”


 This was the true reason why Fang Yuan chose a star path attack method.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng realized at once: “So that is it. I knew it, my defensive killer move is called nine cloud ring, when activated at full force, nine cloud rings can exist at once. Not only is the defense incredible, it can be replenished at any time, and can even return the attacks of enemies back to them. This cost me two whole immortal essence stones!”


 Fang Yuan nodded: “Your killer move is definitely worth the price, in fact, this will be priced at two and a half immortal essence stones in treasure yellow heaven. Inkman King is giving you a favor.”


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng laughed: “I understand this clearly, he was considering my landscape as before Immortal Gu. He is also a Gu Immortal, he needs to undergo tribulations and calamities, when his blessed land suffers damage, he would need to ask me to repair it! Landscape as before Gu is my way to earn a fortune from now on.”


 “Old Bai, when your business expands in the future, I am sure many Gu Immortals will come to you for help. Come, let’s talk while flying.”


 Fang Yuan and Tai Bai Yun Sheng slowly flew towards Dang Hun mountain.


 Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked back, only to see that on the battlefield earlier, there were still dozens of blue star clouds. The insides of these clouds were still emitting a cracking noise, it came from the collision of starlight specks.


 As the frost energy spread around the star clouds, their color faded with time.


 “Junior brother, you are incredible. This icy drill stardust is worth at least four immortal essence stones if you sell it in treasure yellow heaven.” Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed.


 “If not for wisdom Gu, how would I have endless inspiration?” Fang Yuan replied plainly.


 Actually, with just wisdom Gu, if he did not have Little Immortal Xing Luo’s ice path killer move, icy yarn, and her smaller killer move, six-nine stardust, he would not be able to deduce the killer move icy drill stardust.


 When Little Immortal Xing Luo started rising up, she was extremely poor, using the opportunity of the five regions war, she used her self-created icy stardust killer move to accumulate her wealth, finally gaining prominence and becoming a relatively famous character.


 Fang Yuan’s intention was to make an attempt of buying the former version of icy stardust from her.


 When he saw icy yarn and six-nine stardust, he guessed that these two killer moves were the foundation of Little Immortal Xing Luo’s new self-created killer move.


 After he spent half an immortal essence stone to buy it, he rushed towards wisdom Gu and used the light of wisdom to make deductions.


 Wisdom Gu’s halo brought him unlimited inspiration, and Fang Yuan was a person who had been reborn, he had seen the power of icy stardust with his own eyes, this gave him the proper direction, avoiding the need to deduce blindly.


 Eventually, he combined Dou Min Jun’s inheritance within, deducing the killer move icy drill stardust.


 This killer move was different from icy stardust, it had a smaller range but much greater power.


 One could say that using the inheritance of Dou Min Jun, he had already slightly surpassed icy stardust.


 “Rank nine wisdom Gu is truly phenomenal. I simply cannot imagine the effect when it is used fully. Honestly, I am a little envious of you. After becoming a zombie, you could receive such benefits!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng looked at Fang Yuan with admiration.


 Fang Yuan shook his head: “There are a lot of flaws by becoming a zombie. Firstly, I have to thank Red Lotus Demon Venerable, next, I could reach this step because of coincidences and lucky opportunities. If not for the peculiar situation back then, allowing me to reach an arrangement with wisdom Gu, how could I utilize the light of wisdom?”


 “That’s right, if not for Red Lotus Demon Venerable breaking fate Gu, after we die, our souls would be sucked into the door of life and death, slumbering in the death domain for all eternity. How would anyone be able to remain in the world, to become a zombie!” Tai Bai Yun Sheng sighed deeply.


 “Alright, before I left, I urged you to indirectly ask about the details of luck path from Lang Ya land spirit. Now that you’ve returned, what information did you obtain?” Fang Yuan asked.


 Ever since he learned that Long Hair Ancestor had discussed about Dao with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable for seven days and seven nights, this idea emerged in him.


 Lang Ya land spirit was far easier to deal with than Mo Yao’s will.


 But Tai Bai Yun Sheng shook his head, he showed a strange smile: “After I repaired a few rivers, I was chased out by Lang Ya land spirit in a hurry. He has to eat his medicine grinder chips, he is very busy.”


 “Eat his medicine grinder chips?”



***
Chapter 671 - Sealing Spring Autumn Cicada


***





 



 Translator: ChibiGeneral Editor: ChibiGeneral


 Half a month later, Fang Yuan went to Lang Ya blessed land again.


 It was foggy in front of him, it was a scene of white, among the turbulent cloud sea, twelve cloud buildings were motionless. Many large rivers resembling dragons were flowing above the cloud soil.


 After Tai Bai Yun Sheng’s restoration, Lang Ya blessed land had returned to its former state.


 Fang Yuan was brought into a cloud building, meeting Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit still had layers of qi path seals. But there were originally eighteen layers of seals, under the Inkman King’s help, three layers were removed, only fifteen were left.


 Inkman King stood beside Lang Ya land spirit, he did not dare to act arrogantly in front of Fang Yuan, he greeted first: “Sir Fang Yuan, how have you been?”


 Fang Yuan smiled at him, his protruding fangs made his smile look very scary.


 He turned to look at Lang Ya land spirit, tossing a rank four east window Gu towards him: “Look.”


 East window Gu was floating silently before Lang Ya land spirit.


 Lang Ya land spirit could not stretch out his arms, but Fang Yuan lent him the east window Gu so his consciousness could enter it.


 After checking the contents, he nodded in satisfaction, priasing: “Not bad, quite impressive! You completely deduced these three Immortal Gu recipes! Incredible, this thought process is spectacular!!”


 “Land spirit, I did not come here personally to listen to your rubbish.” Fang Yuan interrupted Lang Ya land spirit rudely, pointing out his intention.


 Lang Ya land spirit was not stupid, he willed and summoned thirty immortal essence stones: “This is your remuneration!”


 Fang Yuan took these immortal essence stones and placed it in his immortal aperture.


 His earnings this time was not as much as previously. That was because deducing these Immortal Gu recipes cost him six green grape immortal essence beads. If not for the stargate which was already built, he would have to waste another two green grape immortal essence beads, raising his cost to eight.


 Even though these Immortal Gu recipes were also remnant recipes with at least ninety percent completion rate, each of them needed in-depth analysis. Some Immortal Gu recipes were very hard to deduce, there were hurdles one after another, when he thought with his brain, he would expend more wills.


 But even so, the profits were still immense.


 Inkman King used an envious gaze and watched the two finish their transaction, before smiling: “Sir Fang Yuan, actually, each transaction need not be done using immortal essence stones right? Over here in Lang Ya blessed land, there are lots of good stuff that cannot be found in treasure yellow heaven. We can do trading. To speak the truth, my inkman city has some precious goods that sir might be interested in. Not long ago, your senior brother Tai Bai Yun Sheng had bought a killer move from me.”


 Inkman King saw that Fang Yuan had ample funds and wanted to do business with him.


 Fang Yuan heard this and smiled: “Inkman king’s suggestion is great, I lack three small swamp Gu, and six pine island Gu, I wonder if you have them?”


 This problem stumped Inkman King. He showed an awkward expression: “I am ashamed, this is the first time i’ve heard of small swamp and pine island.”


 “These are all olden antiquity Gu worms, little swamp Gu can change the terrain, forming a small swamp. Pine island is the same, it can create a floating island on top of the sea. There is a huge tree in the middle of the island, the tree roots would extend and hold the soil together.” Lang Ya land spirit explained.


 Next, he asked Fang Yuan curiously: “These Gu worms have all been eliminated from use, right now, Gu Immortals have better and cheaper ways to change the terrain of the blessed land. Why do you want these Gu worms?”


 “You don’t need to ask about my intention, from your tone, I assume you have these Gu worms in Lang Ya blessed land?” Fang Yuan asked mysteriously.


 “Of course!” Lang Ya land spirit raised his head, saying arrogantly: “Every time I obtain a new Gu recipe, I will refine a few Gu worms to keep them as collection. I have up to a hundred little swamp Gu and pine island Gu as collection, I can sell them to you. But the materials to refine these Gu worms are now all extinct. You will need to pay an immortal essence stone.”


 Goods were more expensive when they were rare, little swamp Gu and pine island Gu were not even sold in treasure yellow heaven.


 Fang Yuan had no hesitation, he tossed an immortal essence stone to Lang Ya land spirit and obtained three little swamp Gu and six pine island Gu.


 Next, he looked at Lang Ya land spirit curiously: “Strange, you collect so many Gu worms, how do you settle the issue of feeding them?”


 Fang Yuan had been troubled these days over the feeding of Gu worms, especially the Immortal Gu that he had.


 Lang Ya land spirit gave him the answer: “The problem of feeding mortal Gu is easy, just create a special environment and let them hibernate. But you can’t do this for Immortal Gu, even if they hibernate, you need to feed them, but the food that you feed them will be halved compared to normal times.”


 This answer was a little disappointing to Fang Yuan.


 “Can you go into detail?” He asked.


 “I believe you have gone to Eighty-Eight True Yang Building’s true inheritance secluded domain right? true inheritance secluded domain is a special environment, it can cause Gu worms to hibernate, mortal Gu will not need to be fed, and Immortal Gu’s feeding cost would be greatly reduced.”


 Fang Yuan frowned: “Even so, true inheritance secluded domain has so many Immortal Gu, I do not believe that Eighty-Eight True Yang Building can obtain so much resources every ten years to feed these Immortal Gu.”


 “That is because Giant Sun Immortal Venerable used food path methods. Food path is a very secretive path, it is solely for the research on how to feed Gu worms, variant humans, wild beasts, and even humans, these very tough questions. Don’t ask me questions about food path, I have no idea. The Immortal Gu that I have area all fed in the most traditional way.”


 Fang Yuan did not give up: “Back then, your main body and Giant Sun Immortal Venerable refined Eighty-Eight True Yang Building together, would you not know the food path methods that he used?”


 Lang Ya land spirit rolled his eyes: “The main body had once made an oath with Giant Sun Immortal Venerable to not reveal any information regaining the food path methods. This is a huge secret, actually, I want to know about it too. But in the memories that I inherited, there is no such information.”


 Fang Yuan nodded, he knew that land spirits were upright and would never lie, he was only asking casually.


 Although he had completed the transaction, Fang Yuan did not leave yet, he had another objective in coming here.


 He took out a star shoot Gu, placing it before Lang Ya land spirit: “Can you reverse refine the recipe of this Gu?”


 Lang Ya land spirit could not stretch out his hands, he could only sniff this star shoot Gu, saying: “This Gu had obviously been tampered with, the Gu recipe is very hard to recreate, at the very least, a refinement grandmaster is needed. With just this rank three star path gu, it is impossible to reverse refine its recipe! Because this is a new Gu, it will need to be researched and that would result in some costs...”


 Fang Yuan smiled, stretching out his right palm, showing five fingers: “I have over five thousand star shoot Gu.”


 Star shoot Gu was a necessary Gu worm in formulating the killer move spring star rain, Fang Yuan tried using it once and found that the killer move was very effective.


 He had bought so many star shoot Gu at once, he had the intention to reverse refine it. But right now, his intention was even stronger.


 “Five thousand... of course I can reverse refine the recipe. What a pity, I am currently sealed, I can’t do anything.” Lang Ya land spirit sighed.


 Fang Yuan frowned: “This qi path seal still has fifteen layers, how long would it take to remove them all?”


 “At least a year.” Inkman King said.


 “So long?”


 “No choice, this seal is definitely an immortal killer move, the more it is unsealed, the more difficult it becomes.” Inkman King showed a bitter laughter.


 Long Hair Ancestor was one of the three supreme grandmasters in refinement path history, their names were contained in legends. Lang Ya land spirit’s current refinement path realm was at least refinement grandmaster level. Meanwhile, Fang Yuan was only a refinement path master.


 If he could get Lang Ya land spirit to help, that would be the best. But now that Lang Ya land spirit was sealed, he could not refine Gu, and would not be able to reverse refine the recipe.


 “Actually, it is not impossible to reverse refine the recipe.” Inkman king suggested: “Lang Ya blessed land has many old hairy men right? These old hairy men all have refinement master attainment. By then, let them work for the land spirit while Lang Ya land spirit directs them personally, wouldn’t that work?”


 Lang Ya land spirit rolled his eyes at Inkman King: “An outsider’s silly words! Refinement path is profound and deep, many methods and killer moves require the relevant wisdom, cultivation, and talent, as well as huge amounts of practice. Do you think that many refinement masters would add up to one refinement grandmaster? Bullshit!”


 Inkman king was scolded till he was stunned, but he only laughed and did not dare to rebuke.


 “In that case, forget it. When you are unsealed, we’ll talk about it.” Fang Yuan said his goodbye, turning around and leaving.


 This matter was not urgent at the moment.


 “Lad, even if I am unsealed, I will not reverse refine it for you for free. Prepare three immortal essence stones!” Lang Ya land spirit shouted towards Fang Yuan who was leaving.
